Ei twitterusername eeeeeh?..... What gives? #Excuses.
ei got to go ttyl bye!
17 Crimes the guys voice ei sedap siak radio ni
Ei Barca this? Tweaa I would do politics now
Ei neighbor got young daughter wow never seen her before
Ei morning Brian QT twitterusername ClanSewe Good morning
Ei twitterusername hebu take charge and move on\
Ei twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername you got mail\
....*saunters into the TL, cups mouth, shouts*.... Ei, anybody seen twitterusername here?
Hilarious Local Sports Anchor Re-Enacts Florida vs Dayton Game (Elite Ei...: twitterurl via twitterusername
Ei twitterusername morning, vipi internet is abit colicky today. Allot of buffering. What gives?
Ei twitterusername last three wins in #Shanghai have been won by Mercedes powered karts!
You are likely to share your thoughts on a regular basis -- ei... More for Gemini twitterurl
Ei chief, which language is this? QT twitterusername ClanSewe Meaning ur kenyan, hence ur illogical uaself!
Ei guys, where is the Australian High Commission? Google Map is acting up
Ei twitterusername twitterusername check out this video of a software that twitterusername has constructed: twitterurl FREEEEEEEKY!
Ei sound engineers are sleeping on the job.....too much background noise\
Ei guys, what is happening north of the Elemi Triangle? Juba is on fire!\
Ei #KoT standard setters, so when did breastfeeding in public become a big no-no?
Ei twitterusername you finally got your surprise gift? Dude, you the best friends out there bro! \
Apple seeks quick bans on eight Samsung phones - Reuters: Los Angeles TimesApple seeks quick bans on ei... twitterurl #science
Ei guys twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername .....seen soo many catamarans at Kilifi Creek.....is there a regatta or something?
Ei so Messi score like 45 goals this season wey he no meet Ac Milan. Yesu! Milan we die finish.........
Ei twitterusername what is this rumor I'm hearing ati you've started flying earlier than planned? Ati you flyin already?
Bag pheasants, cue Dutchman for Wagner time in Hungary: (Advisory: This story contains profanity in paragraph ei... twitterurl
Ei, twitterusername metered wall is down! WHOOORAY!.....*goes back to reading more The Economists' articles, with relish*.....
Ei twitterusername is this in Zim$s or? ( twitterusername Special Advertising section, pg 3, column 1) cc twitterusername twitterurl
Apple lists 8 Samsung products it wants banned: Apple Inc. on Monday submitted a list of ei... twitterurl twitterurl
Ei Messi score like 40 goals this season, and Barca haven't met Milan. Awurade Milan we are dead!!!
Ei....now that Juba and Addis accelerate negotiations for joining EAC, when do we get to jettison Dar?
Ei twitterusername twitterusername I've noticed the lollipop man is no longer there at the pits! I missed the memo
Ksini lh ko we! RT twitterusername No no no no mercy.... Yeah we are the bi ei pi
Nearly 40% of American public high school graduates have failed in reading proficiency tests! Ei, Obizzy, what gives?
[News] 8 injured in KJE accident: SINGAPORE: An accident at Kranji Expressway (KJE) early Friday morning left ei... twitterurl
Apple seeks quick bans on eight Samsung phones - Reuters: Brisbane TimesApple seeks quick bans on ei... twitterurl #Tech #News
Ei Doc twitterusername why didn't you not take the bet? Jimnah, as expected, lost to that thug cc twitterusername
twitterurl KevOmma: ei BabySik, why u on the floor wailing and crying like that? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Ei Kiambu guys, please vote for James Nyoro! Believe me, you'll not regret it. The guy got credetials for agri-economics.
Ala! Ei twitterusername guess what? Kimemia ame-jump! He claims he NEVER ordered RAO NOT to access JKIA VIP lounge! DURAMA!!!!!
Lovely Kenya ei? QT twitterusername Witnesses bribed, dead, unwilling to testify, recanting, etc..woii...I never saw this coming a few years ago
Ei twitterusername mulifanyia huyu nini jameni? "twitterusername That Road Trip Kenya stuff looks like how the bad things happen These days, No?"
And Gong Xi Fa Chai, Wang Shi Rue Ei (dk how spell) to all my friends that celebrate CNY. For those who don't, happy holidays :)
Ei guys twitterusername twitterusername this NSAID 'celecoxib' is it safe for a subject with risk for HTN, cardiovascular event. Is yes, what's alternative?
Ei Balozi, niko serious. Flask yangu... QT twitterusername twitterusername please come back, we got a lot catch up and uji to share :) ClanSewe
Ei twitterusername thanks you guys. Got to my destination on time. Lakinu I still don't understand how the aerodrome can run out of parking
ei bij u played with my friend's feeling&u act like nothing happened,u leave him without any reason&u are happy with other guy.Pundeh lah u
??twitterusername Sending a girl a text that says "I love you Beautiful" can change her attitude for the whole day.??? Tak pun ei pls la zz
Ei twitterusername you engineers bahnaaaaa...... How come we still don't have a ugali cooker like rice cooker or coffee maker? Why?
Eye of Myanmar's sectarian storm: Nineteen-year-old Hnin Ei Phyu is on her knees at home, whispering her praye... twitterurl
Ei twitterusername some lass is like "whaaaaat, you mean he is 41?"! Vipi lakini? How you coming up with your nicotine fight?
Ei twitterusername over at #FB I was askin when is the day you walk twitterusername down the ailse? I'm waitin to dig into the biryani *grins*
when i saw my friends/girls with big boobs&i was like  "ei for what to hv big boobs,difficult to handle&boy everytime will stare on tht.Ew"
Ei bi si di i ef ji *nada yg sama RT twitterusername #LyricsWeAllKnow twinke twinke little star how I wonder what u are...
Ei Arsenal! What you dey do no? Last time that be what you do wey them chop my girlfriend. Today too you've started...ah well!
Ei "weight", kumbe the #MPigs salary increase is not founded in law? KWANI THERE NO LAWYERS IN THAT HOUSE????? Bure kabisa..."tumbaff"
Ei AU, not heard you comment about Lampedusa immigrants or C.A.R! But you been so vocal about Muigai's personal challenge. What did I miss?
Ei #KoT, remember how we pontificated and spewed rhetoric as to why we'll not register? Well see. And oh yes, how do I put it? You been F#twitterusername
