ey ey ey when is white collar coming out
She repeat this every night. Shamina mina ey ey, waka waka ey ey. Sabar, mari tidur. Selamat malam juliet
*tumpang lalu* "twitterusername I don't see any Blues here ey ey ey"
i feel like cooking something.... potato-ey and asparagus-ey
They-ey-ey think imma r-r-r-r-obot !
Heading to EY tiram
Ey kifesh, willieeeee twitterusername
What's cooking ey
So whats the plan ey
So the miang ey...eeepppp!!
I can't hear u! RT twitterusername Ey ey capt! "twitterusername Are you ready kids? \\?/"
Loving today's weather! So Sunday ey
ey b0ss!! singapore zoo b0ss!! twitterurl
Ey yo twitterusername what's happening bro
pffttt.. showing your true colors ey?
Cheh i call everyone perfect ey
"twitterusername twitterusername ey nina thora eh thora thora thora . Kk" HAHAHAHA ey nina thora eh thora thora thora!!! Hahahahaha
Chocolatier wins EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2013: This year's EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2013 award goes to ... twitterurl
They do at like bwh blk nye pit cause ade nenek. If not myb at beach ey ey eyyy haha~
faster ship come ey~~~ i want wear my new clothes
Well, ain't that one hell of an episode ey?
Yebo yes :) RT twitterusername twitterusername  on that Metro ey?
Apple got smack..whose yer boss now ey? twitterurl
Had been dreaming alot during the night ey.
[CNA] Chocolatier wins EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2013 twitterurl
All the B's are not coming ey? Ughhhh T.T
Maybe ?? ??twitterusername twitterusername thinking about her ey?? haha???
Yeah why not blame him for our lost ey?
Chocolatier wins EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2013 twitterurl
People, park your car properly pleaseeee. So ma fan ey
??twitterusername Duta aurawhite. Not so flawless ey? twitterurl \
Meeting the Fauzan after quite some time ey
"Fuck this shit" ey thats disgusting no ehh
Liverpool is not going Indonesia ? But I thought ... Ey !
"ey ey pls pls pls this is not needed man" "U THINK U CUTE AH!" "eh stop ah seriously not funny... OI!!!! this is totally-" twitterusername
Ey naon boa !! RT twitterusername Jiong?wkwkwk "twitterusername Mancing cewe tah, bahaha RT twitterusername twitterusername ... twitterurl
Ey. Kodwake RT twitterusername ??twitterusername I'm back ??? but ang'thandi RT twitterusername Ayibo twitterusername !???ncoooh shame man!
so I chain ey self to a friend . . cause I know it unlock like a door . .
Disco .... Disco .... Not bad ey.... Teamwork w shaiqa. #pastry #dessert #itsmyjob twitterurl
so many JTs around me.. well not a bad thing ey? hahahhahaha
"twitterusername : Ey kifesh, willieeeee twitterusername A BEAUTY A KK EZEL A BOLLIE KIFESHH DANN
Lol ey saan RT twitterusername twitterusername use it to wash your car :-)
AsiaClassifiedToday Chocolatier wins EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2013 - Channel News Asia: ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Loveeee my new twitcon ey? Hahaha! I look like a guy!
Ey night still young yaww! :') Hahaha RT twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHAHA TDO LAH, NIGGA.
no one is perfect. But trying to be perfect is not a crime. ey?
Ey saan ??twitterusername Its so hot n I'm under a dryer at the salon :''(???
what about we cium mulut whole day can? ??? mmmmmm sounds fun ey twitterurl
twitterusername me too! No need na for the iPhone 5 hahaha same features naman ata ey
Gonna miss my bike :') its been one hell of a ride ey..
12 hours of sleep... That was a good good one ey
Ey saan. Singlehood? RT twitterusername Miss that feeling of looking at my phone and smiling alone..
Voicemail pon tolak kredit ey ? This is not fairytale ! Menchikk :3 siti ni tah mana :(
Read my response to "Eh your friend that Javier guy quite cute ey, can intro? <;": twitterurl
Ey fuck you. RT twitterusername *scrolls page up on twitter* These people are bullshit.
Going all goo-ey listening to LilyPichu wif twitterusername hahaha xD
I am so tempted to go eat sumtin in the kitchen omg suddenly so hungry ey
Cuneyt cakir? Well take away the ey from the first name and you've got it.
Ey twitterusername you decided to do a series on Kenya airports eih?\
[CNA] Most companies not doing enough to protect data, says EY survey twitterurl
Most companies not doing enough to protect data, says EY survey twitterurl
Ernst & Young (trading as EY) is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
i think its already a norm for patient saying I looked like a filipino. Thanks ey
Sengabuyeka phela RT twitterusername Ey phuza iwhiskey wena, shaya amaShots. RT twitterusername Strepsils!
Ey technophiles, how do I "unpassword protect" a USB device with BitLocker Encryption? \
Ey ngakhishwa isisu kabi kabi coz of dat place  RT twitterusername Wow, house of curries looks real nice. This ... twitterurl
Ey I usually say this but this month has showed me flames ? RT twitterusername Being Broke is Childish
AsiaClassifiedToday Quick View: D. B??rse eyes Asia - Financial Times: Quick View: D. B??rse ey... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Who else would wanna go out with an idiot like me-self if not her ey twitterurl
Ey ngikhathele  RT twitterusername Halala RT twitterusername Getting ready 4 my last exam vandag... Wozaaaar 13:30 ?
I love travelling guys :) RT twitterusername Ey! RT twitterusername Uyahamba bo! RT twitterusername The Nelspruit Airport is so beautiful yazi.
"twitterusername So it seems twitterusername is making the most of the transfer window by signing Mudavadi ey?"
:( RT twitterusername Ey umdala mpinch ??twitterusername Turning 24 on the 1st of March, I can't really say ... twitterurl
[CNA] SDSC eyeing tie-ups to boost talent pool: The Singapore Disability Sport Council (SDSC) is ey... twitterurl #singapore
#teamabgboxer! ?? RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername kita semua mmg love dgn twitterusername tapi we LOVE abang B more!! ey?! ??????
Say what you want ?????? RT twitterusername ULTRA GAYYYYYY RT twitterusername Ey twitterusername kau jgn handsome sangat la sia pleaseeeee...
[YH!SG-FB] Is the Jollibee Singapore backlash xenophobic or is there more than meets the ey...: Is ... twitterurl #singapore
Ey najissss lo yg di hamilin gitu? RT twitterusername Itu gue :ORT twitterusername Cc twitterusername hhhhmmm ... twitterurl
"twitterusername when a random person pronounces B.A.P as Bap and not Bi Ey Pi" bi ti ow bi not okay
everyone hates physics but I sort of like it bc it's very ... detailed and maths-ey . I like I like
Lol RT twitterusername Ey but ingoma yashaywa kakhulu Saturday. then we get to Cubana.. iPhilisi lodwa. I'm sorry ... twitterurl
Not gonna be bothered by someone who wants to physically hurt me that's how you greet someone ey
He was all like ey i love u dont leave me pls dont im not letting go pls
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!! RT twitterusername Wah piang ey. And next up, we'll be hearing news of Chen Hanwei dating Irene Ang.
Hahahah wtf shaf RT twitterusername "twitterusername Girls love food ey ??" ya , so give them your sausage . It works . HAHAHAHAHA ?
ey bitch did you hear the muachhh muachhhhhh voice coming from the woman beside us hahah twitterusername
My mom and I are like losers who are crying inside the cinema. Wow. Moments to treasure ey?
safely drove from my place to SIS!! let me introduce my new instructor: My Appa!! Oh~ oh~ey~oh ?
"twitterusername ?ey this is ? ??ry normal and ??rious te?t ???? no hidden ??aning at all."I saw it!!
??twitterusername twitterusername hinting the ones who got yr number to ws u ey???? Hahhaha also can chey haha
omg mat you are someone who mkn belacan.. pls stop talking with the ey at the back..
One more day. Let's hope he remembers ey? I'm not gonna remind him. Yeah he definitely fail at this :D
Ey kubi ??? RT twitterusername Ya ne platinum stars is that one team that just gives us problems
Yesterday, APAcS had a meeting with EY to discuss the establishment of the ambassador program which?? twitterurl
Ey guys! Ive submitted my job application ok. Its not my fault if no work wants me!
Short briefing with the Head of EY Ambassadors, Irham before our meeting with EY's Talent Team.?? twitterurl
Ey gue cool berarti gue dingin dong :D RT twitterusername ga kaya lu cot, cool gtu hahaRT twitterusername Sialan, ... twitterurl
Hahaha!! twitterusername dpt jumpe jgak tadi kt shrek nye 4D show:) you cme thr since morning ey?
Why Apple Is Suing Every Android Manufacturer In Sight: First time accepted submitter amiller2571 writes "The ey... twitterurl
Ey #TeamBB #BBPhiles, listen, these experts --->>> twitterurl are not impressed by the new BB10! Maybe you should read
Im just an observer. What i speak is what i see. And that why i have many enemy ey? LoL
Lol not really RT twitterusername Women are complicated RT "twitterusername Ey saan. Singlehood? RT twitterusername Miss ... twitterurl
Umh abt dat RT twitterusername twitterusername **lmao** ey mase usho njalo!! Ukuthi ngikukhonzile weh my f I'll voice note u something on bbm freh
Ey anyway! PSA tweet! The deodorant crystal actually freaking works! Especially for guys, please go buy. Ican teach you how to use it!
Ey saan. Askies Honey Bee RT twitterusername To still be @ work @ this time? YES!!!! Over worked and underpaid?' RT twitterusername Is it a crime?
welcome adik Kinz twitterusername ingat ey 1 gift only!  haha! kakak twitterusername ignoring ur tweets! i pon nak bday prezzie from H lah! ??
Ni lg sorg. Tulah bca byk sgt novel. Haha RT twitterusername sometimes i wish a guy like ked is exist. hard to find a guy like him ey..
I bet those hipsters zebra goes "ey yo! You forgot to zip, brah" to the other zebra. And they made each other confuse or something. LOL
2 hours at EY. The Talent Team really is eager to know what areas we work on to develop the students.
ey you don't have to be so sarcastic towards be it exo or exo fans leg i never diss at your fav group so please respect me too
Hey apple, your iOs7 seems like copying the android working system ey? Wanna get a troll letter from the android company i guess :D
Erica better gone cause I ain't gotta put up wit this lyin on me & shit. Ey mf in that place was watchin her tear that shit down
Ey legal heads, the Kenya Constitution does define marriage? Right? So why this noise on a clause in this marriage bill by #MPigs?
Lol ey kunzima RT twitterusername Hahaha ubuza thina? RT twitterusername Why am I chillin on twitter like iv got nothing to do??
*ey gawt su mech sweg et rewbs oph witowt evun gitn tuchd RT twitterusername I got so much sweg it rubs off without even getting touched
like seriously . at 1st ckp ming tian can start werk oledyy but suddenly : later i'll call u back n will see hw la ey ? haizz la haiz laaa
Super super sleepy right now I hope I don't doze off during the paper later, if not I will end up scribbling seriously ugly-ey
So first sister is pissed off with me and threw my teddy bear outside the room. Ey puta, I can throw your care bear ok!
ey twitterusername i suddenly want subway when i see you tweeting. i think it's b/c you were eating it in the lift yesterday..NOUZZZZ
do you pluck your own eyebrows? ??? Nahp au naturale it's my favourite thing about my face besides my teeth and ey... twitterurl
DAMN IT it was tiffany's EY LET ME BREAK IT DOWN and i was jamming so hard then MY YOUTUBE LAGGED FSSFSAFHS
Ey anyway! PSA tweet! The deodorant crystal actually freaking works! Especially for guys, please go buy. I can teach you how to use it!
Hey man heard it is your birthday ey? Happy birthday to you twitterusername have a great day aites! Miss you man! See you soon!
seriously i am so jealous yun say goodnight to that fan girl ey not fair i also want a goodnight from chu yunny!! ??( ?? ??? ??|||)???
Mau tau bgt? Kepo ey :p RT twitterusername Eta Mr. Eyebrow saha yeuh haha RT twitterusername Apa cie cie (cont) twitterurl
"Lah" is the very famous word among the Malaysian. "Ey what u eat lah?" "Where u go lah?" "Jom lah" "Kejap lah" "Lek dulu lah"
Ey yo twitterusername im really happy for u imma let u finish but Beyonce an Jay Z have one of the best couple videos of all time.
Ahahaha i hope so! See u ard :) RT twitterusername twitterusername hi so when I see you again I hope you won't be on your phone ey
Ey lapho kudeni e-clearport RT twitterusername Masha lapho RT twitterusername Got such a hectic morning... Then I take Flight number 8 to Jozi *sigh*
Oh it's a three hundre word limit ey ok then let me l... ??? I am awesome because I am compact? ?? Haha thank you. ... twitterurl
Was called a bitch a lot of times today. Didn't know i was a female dog but ey appreciate that you know i was born in dog's year.
Ey look. Don't make 'em feel wasted. Cuz they want to feel appreciated. Every moment and every fuckin effort, they want it all worth.
Out of all people, i saw ahleng right in front of me, with my item he "stole" from me last year. HAH still alive ey
D'X why your mummy liddat. hahas miss you as hell. nvmind lah. after ey... ??? Haish.  Sorry lahh:P I got back alr!:3 twitterurl
The madrasah girl was probably worrying about what would happen to her if her school found out. But ey 13 popcorn bags man business is good.
I fucking like english yeah ey miss ur names so funny called qiqi what the fuck r u thinkin? Dnt u know it sounds like the pet under my bed?
