ha ha saturday going to cw for shortfilm screening ha ha ha ha ha ha
What are you doing now? ??? geog notes HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA twitterurl
Seriously... Man city is losing to Tottenham ? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Someone said Mario shipped them together. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA NO.
They played Lupin The Third sia guys those of you who missed the show ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Pierce the Veil tix dah sold out? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ok
Apip dengar One Direction ha ha ha ha ha ;D
Where got time to workout. ha ha ha ha ha
Maths paper ending soon HA HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA Crying shoulder~\
HA HA HA HA HA , fuck i wanna laugh dude ???
Forever procrastinating ha ha ha.
Yep, covee ha ha ha
Remember when man united youth came here and no one cares? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Fucking tempting HA HA HA
Done conjuring.. Ha ha ha
Samsung everywhere ha ha ha
"HA HA HA... Not Today!"
sugar crush ~ ~ ~ ~ HA HA HA
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA Found a way to get back the free space on my thumbdrives without formatting them :')
people asking each other about their oral on my timeline. ha ha ha ha HA HA HA HA #misunderstood
HA HA HA HA HA HA RT twitterusername twitterusername poor baby ... NOBODY CARES DEBBS.
HA HA HA HA HA HA NEWCASTLE. That's for making fun of big Andy .
See what I did there...? 'Balik' and 'Malik'... Ha ha ha ha ha ha
before working one sum of money fly first ha ha ha ha ha ha
Getting a lot of ulcer lately. Mesti sebab busy kerja ni. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha HA HA HA berenang tak culture shock bhao~
"twitterusername Tottenham are considering calling off their Real Madrid 'partnership' #thfc twitterurl ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
deluded bitch HA he HA he HA h eh ha....
look at what I'm doing now HA HA HA HA
3-5 seconds? Ha ha ha ha again not funny
Now I got a confession..... HA HA HA HA
think twitterusername skipping school today. ha ha ha ha
Still a macaron virgin. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I saw delifrance selling it, i think?
iphone 5c ha ha ha 5c
Hell no. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha RT twitterusername twitterusername work at arteastiq again! With me! I'm working!
Elevate ha ha ha ha. Been so long BTR.
And my wild twittercrush appear HA HA HA HA
Something is wrong with me..............HA HA HA HA BILLA.
Everything seems funny to me, ha-ha-ha-ha.
ha ha ha Regina's dream interesting ah
in your face gambit ha ha ha
Ha ha ha! Fuck off dude! BKE!
Walao regret updating twitter ha ha ha
history coursework ha ha ha fuck u
Paitau work today. Ha ha ha
Thor sounds funny. Ha ha ha.
HA HA HA reginachewchew tio caught twitterurl
imadeface is racist HA HA HA
HA HA HA! You're not funny.
Chemistry go fuck yourself. Ha ha ha
ha ha ha no one is replying
ha ha ha f off bitch pls
Free lunch today UM HA HA HA
Ha Ha Ha.. Trolling people twitterurl
You talking about auto? Ha ha ha
Greasers & rockabillys everywhere ? #cometomama ? ha ha ha
Phone left 6% ha ha ha
Ha ha ha let the drama begin
saw Xiao Sheong and his gf~~ awww so sweet. HA HA HA HA HA
My sissy got me twitterusername book HA HA HA HA HA AHHHH MY SIVA twitterurl
I should be sleeping now. But ..... ha ha ha ha ha
this disney job stint is getting to me ha ha ha ha ha shit
My phone becoming like Safiah's, Feenaz & Eqa's phone sia HA HA HA HA HA twitterusername twitterusername
Half of me is already dead a long time ago ha ha ha ha ha
I go Nature Republic just to see Exo's poster ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha RT twitterusername #YouAreMoreAttractiveIf you are as funny and hot as twitterusername
HA HA HA HA HA quit my job sooooo I can leave my nail polish on??
Acting like a teenager when she's only 9 ha ha ha ha ha
what the hell is mat on about ha ha ha ha ha
I was happy upon reaching Singapore and then bam, 28 text from zaki ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha, one mediacorp star came over to the cafe.. His english damn good.. Omg... Ha ha ha ha
So is my bedroom aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha fo real tho this place is teeming with mosquitoes I must have sweet blood.
got a feelin that I would retake some modules sia. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha especially computer programmin. My body really can't
The moment when Ammy get in typo world, she typed noob become boob. I was like 'boob siapa?' Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Funny woi
But whut did I do instead? I cry like a fucking wimp I am ha ha ha ha ha ha.
HA HA HA HA HA HA idk what to say when korean gay choose Jonghyun oh god xD
Oh my god. Laughing Non stoppppppppp! Ha ha ha ha ha #CelebQuestions
Omah asked me abt A. Ha ha. Ha to the fucking ha ha
He HA heah HA...
nothing special HA-HA !
Tired sia ha ha
ha ha ha forgot to leave line for eng ha ha ha should I redo or what.
Mcdonalds alone ha ha
Hanging conversation ha ha
how many people would notice if i go out without showering ha ha ha ha ha ha
At least I had maggie mee in the morning ha ha ha ha ha ha yes to instant food
Gonna go sleep soon and wake up when everyone comes back from school. mua ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ms sumitha thought she's being funny when she told us there's gonna be another test but there isn't........... HA HA HA HA HA HA HA SO FUNNY
Rotting at home ha ha
being extremely bastard? HA HA
trying to psycho myself with positivity ha ha ha ~
Actually kan, i feel like stabbing you... Ha ha ha
Oh wait I forgot you're not mine ha ha ha
What is this homework you speak of HA HA HA
Planning something behind my back? Ha ha ha okay! ;)
I don't even know my phone number ha ha ha
Wahh boleh tweet update currency ni. Ha ha ha
i've done some pretty crazy shit myself ha ha ha
Ha ha ha story telling just now at backstage??
always not good enough for anyone ha ha ha
Prev tweet tu cambodoh pon ada. Ha ha ha
Yung credits KRYSTAL daw ha ha ha twitterurl
Ha ha ha! Do you see Jennifer Lopez's new boyfriend!!!?!!\
Forever fail at studying at home ha ha ha
Wearing Versace today..........perfume ha ha ha #nothathighclass
Wearing green for this whole weekend ha ha ha
ha ha ha shuhang has feather duster hairstyle today twitterurl
Looking as sloppy as ever ha ha ha
Seeing all the rage about exams.. HA HA HA. #lookatallthefucksigive
Totally not my instashop okay? Ha ha ha twitterurl
Whatthefuckinghell happened last night sia ha ha ha
Where got time for assignments? Ha ha ha ok. twitterurl
not your step over nice guy anymore ha ha ha
#IfWeDate ... ha ha ha .. no one want me. Lol
Phone so silent . Ha ha ha fuck you
seems like im not the only ha ha ha ouch
dying because math HA HA.
Neat as fuck ha ha
freaking pissed now ha ha
Alone at Koufu HA HA :')
ha ha fuck the heat
Going to take this small opportunity to laugh at Barca because THEY ARE LOSING TO ATHLETIC . HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Finally got him? Ha ha
The best thing about niall, ha ha ha.... His laugh!!??
#WhatiDoWhenIAmAlone stalk Alif Hadi's tweets. Ha ha ha
when your crush likes someone else. ha ha ha cb
The Adventure of Food Boy ha ha ha fun ny
My brother going out. Ha ha ha. How bout me.
upsizing my taper ha ha ha good luck me
HA-HA-HA......RT twitterusername #GaraGaraArya versi twitterusername Wiguna. twitterurl
nice one j v pround of u ha ha ha
Ma is getting me steroids tomorrow ha ha ha
My liver is tasteless now. Tawar hati? Ha ha ha.
Fucking bipolar is so not fucking funny HA HA HA
so convenient to have jemputan bawah blok ha ha ha
How to do describtive writing ha ha ha.
shit i can't sing for fuck sake ha ha ha
math paper  1 tomorrow ah ha ha ha :-(
Ohmygod. My paragraph is gone ha ha ha
HA HA HA I agree with this ah k twitterurl
Oh, 33k tweets already eh ? HA HA HA OK
Wait, I'm not short right ? Ha ha ha hais
I'll be specky soon ha ha ha. Finally... Sigh.
??twitterusername That's hilarious, I'm dying of laughter, Ha-ha-ha.???
keep achoo-ing ha ha ha lets infect
Found this! Tak cukup duit ha ha ha twitterurl
Whats with the fight sia ha ha ha.
Check out Thor 2's trailer ha ha ha... twitterusername
But... Nah, dream on my dear ha ha ha
Anneh loves ice lemon tea HA HA HA
feeling queasy all over again ha ha ha
Am I really having that romantic sense? Ha ha ha
My laugh really burst out watching RM127. Ha ha ha!
Die and rot at home ha ha ha
Nth much just playing some sims 3 ha ha ha
Sick and tired of everything ha ha ha
Keje with redzwan nasib dia level 2 HA HA HA
Haven't done any school work yet ha ha ha
Ha ha ha early in the morning got joke.......
ha ha ha that's not what we want...
lolwut west coast plaza my travelling time ha ha ha.
ha ha ha you'd probably leave cursing me .
Download songs > bathe > study lol today plan ha ha ha
Screw this. I'm going to sleep ha ha ha
Doing Chinese compo, writing about bestfriend HA HA HA .
Guess who I'm stalking right now ha ha ha
And so this is very nostalgic place ha ha ha
Dont think I will be sleeping early ha ha ha
ha. ha. ha. great show you fkin put on.
Came to work early abeh pintu lock ha ha ha
still waiting actually ha ha??
Dah unfollowed pun ha ha.
Ths is humiliating ha ha
6 years ago.... I said yes to my first ex boyfriend ... HA HA HA HA HA . #PI
"I never tell my bestfriends secret to others ok" ha ha ha ha ha percaya sangat k0
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture you and him together eheh ??? HA HA HA HA HA STAHP twitterurl
master degree - you're smart.. actually fuck you.. You're nothing ha ha ha ha.
Bring it sign to me. Sign to me. Ha ha ha ha.
Walking as slowly as possible to work ha ha ha ha
Vipul is still pissed off with me ah ? HA HA HA HA
Yeah transcribing solo for Wo Yao Fei by FIR. Ha ha ha ha.
ha ha ha ha who left who hanging first. jgn sampaikan lain cerita sudah plsssss.
every single time i always lose someone i treasure ha ha ha ha
More of my artistic contributions on the SDN wooden floor board ha ha ha ha twitterurl
Done with breakfast!! Now back to bed ha ha ha
Sooooo, I registered for the final one ha ha ha
I would get murdered by my girlfriend ha ha ha.
My eyelash fall. Someone misses me :O HA HA HA
plane geom is so demoralising ha ha ha
replace me so fast HA HA HA fuck u
Ha. Ha. Ha. I'm totally laughing at you right now.
No one wants sehun HA HA HA twitterurl
Craving for dark chocolate. What a life ha ha ha.
HA HA HA what am i talking about
i want to learn the guitar ha ha ha .
Done wizz this...done wizzz that..ha ha ha
You are thatsjun or thatsjunk??? ??? Ha ha ha twitterurl
Ha ha ha acting like u know everything
Ha ha ha havent do anything fuck procrastination
I totally cannot live without 3G. Ha ha ha
when am i not high ha ha ha
so many amath hw not done yet ha ha ha
The last time i studied was.........during O's period........so yeah............um.......ha ha ha ha ha.
6 years ago.... I said yes to my first ex boyfriend ... HA HA HA HA HA . Stalker arse.
im addicted to that big eyed rapper "ha ha ha ha ha" from Speed "Why I not?" sooo niceee twitterusername
"Singaporeans are the eighth richest in the world." Ha ha. Ha ha ha. //jumps off a building
It's always been like this. Am I not correct? Ha ha ha ha.
No mom, omg is totally oh my gucci. Ha ha ha ha.
ha ha just done with poa.. now going onto math.. ha ha shoot me
Planning for my own birthday... Ha ha ha ha this is great.
HaHa. Ha to the Ha pangkat duaRT twitterusername Ha to the ha
"twitterusername Then don't take photo at that angle la. #kidsnowadays twitterurl ha ha ha ha
one direction, justin beiber, jonas brothers. set. HA HA HA HA no of course im kidding.
Ha ha ha ha that shiok feeling when someone thinks that you are chindian.
hopefully I won't play wrong for fanfair. if not I can die. ha ha ha ha
Cliff forgotten to bring his earpiece ha ha ha ha orbiquack
My dad just told me im lazy & wont be anybody . HA HA HA HA . fuck youu ?
I guess me and Abu are facing similar situations? Ha ha ha ha lol
Either my polo tee is shrinking or my body has grown ha ha ha ha
I foresee that I'll need spam calls tomorrow ha ha ha ha
ha ha people still use thanks you, congrates and jay bee ha ha
Ha ha ha ha i better not say anything abt that.
still wondering why the daughter nvr change her uniform to home clothes ha ha ha ha
alot of reasons actually...... ha ha ha ha RT twitterusername How can I not love you ?
ya 'cause they are not liars like you ha ha ha ha
cheesy korean* drama series ha ha ha ha how could i miss that out silly me
Eh sia la, 29k tweets already. HA HA HA HA OKAY.
leaving who? ??? someone who does not need me..............ha ha ha ha twitterurl
I feel so hardworking right now ha ha ha ha shut up.
Why am I thinking about all this ha ha ha ha.
Wtf is wrong with my playlist lah ha ha ha ha
not to mention I didn't do a single piece of homework ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha wtf i think it's cause the sg companies know kpop fans are hardcore here
hi i think twitterusername very cute hor ha ha ha ??? Shi meh??? Sorry i cutest...... KIDDING HA HA twitterurl
Ha ha ha ha ha! RT twitterusername Bitch move from the sunlight. l hate the smell of burning plastic.
Wah just now somebody wanted to say 'social interaction' become 'social erection' ha ha ha ha ha
Omg just met emir and marco at swiss club ha ha ha ha ha emir u cute thing u
syaf make my heart have premature ventricular contractions ha ha ha ha
Must be sucks not watching The Simpsons huh ? HA HA HA HA .
The drowsiness is starting to kick in HA HA HA HA no wonder I'm getting high
Miss playing badminton with tablemate Teo Bi fang . . ha ha ha ha
fulamak atok with his friends ha ha ha ha im a potato right now
i don't mind going to school if not for the undone homework ha ha ha ha
Who ? Dont say sumthing like your mom or dad ??? My sister ha ha ha ha twitterurl
HA HA HA HA HA HA OKAY RT twitterusername Your damn Suarez bite my ivanovic twitterusername ???? I hate him so much for that.
Very early in the morning, being very touristy thing, going to Resorts World ha ha ha biggest joke ha ha ha
My 3 year old weird brother just came to the room and said, what's up jiiiiya........................WTF. HA HA HA HA HA HA LIFE.
omg i think i wan to make ryeowook's " ha ha ha ha ha ha " at zhoumi as msg tone LOL ANNOY THE HELL OUT OF PEOPLE
I am so going out with Jenny during the hols, while the rest are busy studying for exams ha ha ha ha ha ha
craving for something sweet so I went to 7-11 to get double chocolate cookie and paddle pop ha ha ha ha ha ha
Recent retweet, ha ha ha. You mean kawan makan kawan? Ha ha. Sadly i have those type of friends that i called friends? Ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha nah i wont cry bcs im too fucking exhausted for that. Gonna use the energy for SS instead haiszer
Keep thinking of him. Ha ha fck
??twitterusername ha ha cannot sleep ????? high-5
Sounds gay sia fuck ha ha
steph's name is so long HA HA
I'll stop procrastinating later. Ha ha
honestly tired of being nice ha ha
Sick of being single hahaa ha.....HA
Working on sunday ha ha whats new
Good thing i bought 3 HA HA
mane cik typo nee ? ha ha
Why are you saying yourself ha ha
Goodnight whoeverfuck you are. Ha ha twitterurl
ha ha you're rly annoying be quiet :) :)
I got my own plan ha ha
Wtf are u doing here ha ha
career day wear uniform ha ha
What a show off ha ha.
Nothing to do right now. Ha ha.
Till later. Prepaid running low. Ha ha :')
You're not even faithful. Ha ha
Nak book in. Ha ha. World.
Pen rechess level 5, ha ha
ha ha try not to care.
nice one there arsene ha ha
fking hell such a beauty ha ha
Freaking hate my signature. Ha ha fak
probably should've gone to work ha ha
whoa i fell asleep ha ha
Ha ha what a fucking scumbag
"How to mosh pit" ha ah ha
Vulgar people are honest people. Ha ha
Haha top 3 choices gone ha ha
Look whos tryin to crack a joke here. Ha ha ha ha its your morning joke? Goodluck.
ha ha ha ha why do i like to emotionally abuse myself by making these things twitterurl
thinking of how to spend my pay when it haven't even come in yet ha ha ha ha
What's the best thing that happened to you today? ??? well........... nth actually ha ha ha ha :-) twitterurl
ha ah ha ha ha what a 'nap'. just woke up, and I guess i don't need to sleep anymoreeeee
I am - as of tomorrow - no longer required to please assholes ha ha ha ha I AM A FREE MAN
FREAKING HUNGRY. Waking up at 630 to fill my stomach with MAGGIE MEE ha ha ha ha so cool
ha ha ha haha chem lol fml i think i got like every alternate qn wrong ha
Cant stand it when some xmm talking about love LOL HA HA HA HA grow up first leh meimei
I actually can't wait fot Ariff to get to sign on next year ha ha ha ha #mean #iloveyoubaby
then key went "HA HA HA HA" and tae did this grab&throw action "lets throw it away!"
Too scared to check my wallet because i know there's not much cash in there. HA HA HA HA #TRUESTORY
omfg RT twitterusername twitterusername are you going to ask for our understanding abt the tvxq split ha-ha-ha-ha
Tell him akangikhele umango lapho eHQ RT twitterusername Guys undile is not okay ha ha ha ha
Everyone must be thinkin how weird or useless this girl is, sitting outside the fucking room. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. #pathetic
Yayy first sister is getting me pizza next month which means in few more days. HA HA HA HA  twitterurl
what comes after Bloody Sunday? holy Monday HA HA HA HA #Ssjokes ok not funny :-( I'm sorry.
Ha ha ha ha im so sweaty,i might need a longer shower to clean myself up
just an observation...girls with fat thighs have like really solid asses. IM STRAIGHT HA HA HA HA
"Eh that indian girl so fair before sun burnt, can see the arms or not" Bro, i heard you and thank you...............ha ha ha ha ha hais :(
describing their intelligence in viewing things. they are so smart ha ha ha ha ha. In your dreams if you are. ??
Need to get started with assignments already. Keep telling myself to not procrastinate matters, but i still do it anyway ha ha ha ha ha
Mr pei: Daniella, HA HA HA HA HA. ms lau:  woah idk what was that about. Everyone: ._. HAHA. mr pei such an ass.
"she is probably the long lost sister I didnt tell you about" ha ha ha my mum is so funny ha ha
"What's the point creating a conversation when the other person does not like talking to you?" HA HA HA HA HA LIFE WORKS THIS WAY.
Isaiah said my pictures on Instagram are hipster ha ha ha ha ha where is a knife for me to stab you
ha ha ha ha ha people here staring at my phone cover because it's smurfs. I forget to change lah. hey its cute okay!!
im still laughing at the tweets and twitpics of united being the smaller club and how united will get trashed ha ha HA HA HA
lost $2.30 but ah kim returned me the money I lost. ha ha ha haiz
basket dad though yes ha ha ha how do we win Champs League????????????? faith.
Fucking hate Man U since i was a kid. Ha ha ha sorry la Fans Manu ??
Ha ha ha why does everything are related to 1D nowadays
If it rains heavily later during qualifying... #HA #HA #HA #butnotreally #F1
Austin Mahone can definitely start making his way to SG, ha ha ha.
Ha Ha Ha but this twig left a wound on my leg ??
Left house earlier than usual cause I just wanted to try something new ha ha ha
Hi i am using your friend's pen to tweet ha ha ha so fun lol twitterusername
She said it herself I mean, it must be something ha ha ha wishful thinking buddy
I want to go on the bed with you ha ha ha kidding ??? interesting story~ twitterurl
talking to you makes me feel like you don't actually fucking care ha ha ha
"twitterusername twitterusername Star Trek marathon isit?? AHAHAHAHA LOLOLOL" HAHHAHAHAHA NICE JOKE CHEE YUAN HA HA HA
Eating so much and fast because I'm really hungry ha ha ha
Everyone could hear the bas bas Sabar serve the worst ha-ha-ha
Ha ha ha. I feel so bad for ditching the farewell party. Zomggggg!!! >.<
ha ha ha bet 5$ that twitterusername does a follow spree when im alseep
Wohoooo ha ha ha yeaaah ^^ pinkkixie twitterusername jjtenno #sone #girlsgeneration #snsd #soshi #??????? twitterurl
I hope you die by choking on your own words ha ha ha
I think it wouldn't fucking matter even I don't turn up anywhere ha ha ha
??twitterusername The only running I do at night is fun run!??????? HA HA HA .
I remember i saw one of my followers didnt zip his pants HA HA HA
I will regret when I wake up in the morning ha ha ha screw 9am lessons
when your friend cares about you more than your best friend. ha ha ha the irony
too sad very very sad cant take it , emoish night ha ha ha wtf
waking up at 7am... look at the time now... ha ha ha
oh how much fun I was having ha ha hahaha ha twitterurl
paying the price of being last minute now hahahaha ha ha ha
Malay vines will not upload or RT too offensive vines. HA HA HA SO THE MELAYU
But Paul is not immune to it .... Ha ha ha #PrayForPaul
Every driving lesson I go MILF hunting with my instructor ha ha ha.
Or maybe, not gonna reply at all. Sounds like an idea to me. Ha ha ha
"full moon!!" ha ha ha //drops to the ground crying JESUS take me
Before & After. Looking suuuwek for Taiwan!  ;D Cheebs la cut off hair ha ha ha :'( twitterurl
HA HA HA HA HA Dzeko cannot move to Chelsea. He can't. And I know Mou wants him for a long time.
Americans complaining about the tickets sale for WWA tour bc they are not in it yet ha ha ha ha ha no
Im a type of person who loves to wear/listen on something frequently for a certain time. mua ha ha ha ha ha
Who the fuck just knocked on my room door? Ha ha ha i'm home alone
eating cheesburger at this hour ha ha ha what is healthy diet
funny at the end of lemonade mouth and they play msg and ha ha ha
ha ha ha listening to the whole thing and realising why it's your fave
level 67 ha ha ha, blame my friends for making me place this game
Be happy one day ? HA HA HA . All i can is laugh , laugh to myself .
being honest is cool but being an asshole is not ha ha ha
Baru nak midterm next week. Tetiba graphic illustration dah ada final project ha ha ha okay
I didn't realise that I was watching Sorority Row ha ha ha
ha ha ha forced her to talk to me while she was playing game
Why lah Egyptians dont like spicy food ? Soooooo rugi you know ? Ha ha ha.
Don't you wish your girlfriend was........no ? Oh.....ha ha ha okay :(
that scene is playing in my mind. HA HA HA ARROGANT AS FUCK. stop pretending.
Me crying in front of faiz -..- and so shame ! Ha ha ha
No mood to work today. Im already thinking of good dinner tonight liao. Ha ha ha
On my way to vivo to go shopping with the brother ha ha ha.
allergic to? ??? DUST. If not.............ha ha ha my nose...........die twitterurl
I think... I might be having a slight fever. Ha ha ha like seriously, now.
I still don't know what to wear tomorrow HA HA HA
HAHAHAHA my adik start working today.........at my place HA HA HA
I thought I was special but I guess everyone else is special too. HA HA HA
Ha ha ha fuck it im always an option what to you
Sooooooooo this holiday I gained nothing but weight HA HA HA T.T
Dont leave me hanging in the convo can anot ha ha ha
Gg out today. To Clementi. To thread my brows. Ha. Ha. Ha.
This is boring, i have none to talk to ha ha ha
Ha ha ha yeah i always apreciate what i no longer have -____-
birthday card for my atok made by little brother ha ha ha see this twitterurl
Countdown alone this year tk tahu gy countdown ke tak ha ha ha
When people are willing to do anything for money... Ha ha ha.
so many things to pour out but no one is really there ha ha ha
Ha ha ha your veins so scary ??? not i want one.. twitterurl
Bila teman Kak lin shopping, Phone kena off Ha ha ha. Kbuoooyy tweetland!
my tuition friends are freaking weird sec ones HA HA HA
Havent even done with ob ha ha ha and I wanted to do my wps
Its funny how u take me for granted. Ha ha ha
Lol terpijak kaki this one matrep and his not happy ha ha ha fuck off
Epic finale for Pokemon Black. Completed in three days ha ha ha nerdgasm moment twitterurl
I think it's cos my iPhone is jailbroken and its only ios 4 ha ha ha
It's fucking FUNNY when all video you downloaded suddenly can't be play. Ha ha ha.
Next week only have to come on Tuesday ha ha ha maksudnya apa tu
am i the only one hvg wk feels over this ha ha ha twitterurl
voting is just another comparison of how big your fandom is ha ha ha
Am I the only one still awake uh ha ha ha .
New job maybe? Tired of this job already... ha ha ha.
"Are you SHINee fan? Because you look Shining" HA HA HA what
HA HA HA RT twitterusername The thought that im gonna move to yishun is just suck!!!!!!!!!!!
Croaka cola AH HA HA HA ??? Omg what.  HAHAHAHAHAH.  Pls. twitterurl
Emma Stone is in Singaporee. Come everybody let's stone ha ha ha not funny
Ha ha ha im gonna stop and enjoy the fic that i read
Refreshing twitter/ig page every 3 seconds ha ha ha I must be really bored
I thought harlem shake was some N-style handshake ha ha ha
trying to find my tweets from a month ago ha ha ha
this week no chiong hmmm chiong studies better ha ha ha
Who is your current crush ? ??? someone you know. ha ha ha twitterurl
How come suddenly now I'm involved ha ha ha like "heaven got eyes"?!
Ha ha ha this RT ??twitterusername A naked iPhone is a beautiful thing but too risky.???
western style dinner later ha ha ha omg I think don't need go jogging alr...
Super lazy to run for 100m. Competing with like so many good runners. Ha ha ha.
Not going school tomorrow = no running for me HA HA HA
HA HA HA baby in my arms = baby in grave danger twitterurl
mrs Ho is sitting in front of me ha ha ha k
I'm the type of girl who'll fall for anyone like seriously ha ha ha
Still don't know to dipdye my hair anot ha ha ha
can't wait any longer to chop my hair away. ha ha ha
"sing better than sungyeol and sungjong" HA (-: HA (-: HA (-: want a slice of your meat
Well it seems like caring for a friend is wrong. HA HA HA.
Yay steve madden handbag for early birthday present ha ha ha
"twitterusername ha ha ha, I'm going to die before school even ends"SAME :''''D
??twitterusername ??twitterusername I starting to hate my course #tbh??? ha ha ha??? why kuti
Thats what you get for being the guy in the relationship ha ha ha
What's the worst place you have ever been to? ??? school ha ha ha twitterurl
results are out and im not chosen ha ha ha im not surprised
boys nowadays are so freaking useless ha ha ha fak :Dt
What's going on man!? Haiz. What did I sign up for ha ha ha ?????
Oh wait no, i dont even think you have a fucking name. Ha. Ha. Ha
??twitterusername morning flu sure feels great ha ha ha??? ya this zzzz
so you think you're cute wearing lens to school? ha ha ha fxck, its annoying.
told mr chong at least a C for promo HA HA HA shld have said E
wah later not schooling cos i'm still having hols woot woot loving it ha ha ha
i dont need anyone anymore ha ha ha srlsy get the fuck off
Come here now so I can cuddle the fuck outta you ha ha ha
feeling utterly useless ha ha ha at this joke that is my life
LOL WAH win already RT twitterusername Went home forgetting my bicycle at Admiralty. Ha ha ha
Ask.fm would be more fun with haters :') HA HA HA twitterurl
ha ha ha i was stating the obvious /awkwardly leaving the scene/
26.8K follower ha ha ha in real life on seketul macam taik yg exist
And no, the oranges can't fit. Ha ha ha haaaa twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername sehun new words ! HA HA HA . :3" ohh okay okayy .. No more "yeah'' . Hahaha
??twitterusername twitterusername wtf is this at gardens HA HA HA??? how u know omg stalker
The class is going to be more noisy now ha ha ha
In the train and idk where the fuck am i going  ha ha ha
Poly Year 1. HA. HA. HA. I can't see my neck. twitterurl
Ha ha ha fakiu (@ Sultan Iskandar CIQ Complex (Johor Bahru Checkpoint) w/ 2 others) twitterurl
Morning what's app being spam by Nabilah's photos. Ha ha ha.
My fat % must be dropping ha ha ha feeling cold in air con place
And what is that ? Going to outfield . Ha ha ha fuck you people .
Ha ha ha I don't even know what the teacher taught today. hah goodjob to me.
ha ha ha u guys are the "perfect" match sia lol
I tweet a lot ha ha ha whatever. Its twitter anyway.
Dreamt of my paternal cousins and maggi goreng ha ha ha
What three adjectives best describe you? ??? HA, HA and HA twitterurl
And I haven't ate anything since last night ha ha ha this is actually fun.
Happy birthday to those having their birthday today HA HA HA ok
I loooooove to watch ppl jogging bcs they look cute when tired ha ha ha
you're muslims & your twitcon.. kissing with your boyfriend. ha ha ha, that isn't sweet at all.
Ha ha ha im stuttering while doing my choral speaking . wtf
Roaming around in the library with my mates. Ha ha ha
didnt thought that making notes of ebs could be so much fun ha ha ha
Final release. Ha ha ha. Knowing K it won't be final lolololol =.=
airplane mode on. no one shall find me ha ha ha
my umbrella almost got blown away ha ha ha im so wet
ha ha ha im actually singing snsd, 1D and taylor swift's songs W T F KILLME
Im suck at giving advice to people and cheering people up ha ha ha
I'm missing my CHIJ SJC school alr. Not the teachers HA HA HA
What do you see in your qtpie? HA HA HA ??? A qtpie twitterurl
am i the only one wrote ' butter ' for question 15 or something ha ha ha
Discussing Chilis' menu with twitterusername  um ha ha ha cc twitterusername
Always fail to wake up early to jog ha ha ha
Its called bonding ha ha ha haaaaa, but not developing into one. There's a difference.
Needa bring 4 pairs of tops tomorrow I mean it ha ha ha
Needed to work for one more day, if not, pay will be deducted . HA HA HA????
"twitterusername twitterusername did we ask" o u have school ha ha hahah ha
first time waking up by himself without me calling ha ha ha twitterusername
Told yaa the acc students ha ha ha So happy the pspm was over
If only someone can send me to school everyday ha ha ha
Away for one day. at least, i will not talk about pmr ha ha ha
Yana, like seriously? :O who told him? Ha ha ha bocor rahsia yana.
had like 10 marks careless mistake for physics ha ha ha fuck
got elbowed by twitterusername right in my right eye ha ha ha
ha ha ha I shall dedicate some of my time now to my writing lab
Ha ha ha I cant load my mentions on my phone leh........
Im gonna be okay as long as I dont see you ever again ha ha ha
lol still got time to take mc if results released at 8 ha ha ha
ha ha ha fuck take that piece of shit! fucking racist sak
ha ha ha who am I kidding you're still special to me
HAHA i love watching u guys doing most of NOTHING HA HA HA
looking at the b'day msg between shinshin and aki... ha ha ha biased lvl = ???
i have yet to touch my hti ha ha ahah ha
Ha ha ha not even 1 min of sleep since just now.
HA-HA-HA "twitterusername Friendzone? No, I'm not friendzoned. I'm listenerzoned.???
My love life ? Ha ha ha . I don't have one yet . T__T
But seriously I have fuckin bad feeling about my results ha ha ha hell yeah
UM HA HA HA RT twitterusername He's going to die right? Sobs
reading my blog and realising i'm actually a very emotional and sensitive person HA HA HA
Females think i dont know shit . Ha ha ha i see you .
HA HA HA twitterusername Is Feeling His R&B Right Now
??twitterusername HA HA HA I agree with this ah k twitterurl
This one guy chase after the wrong bus................ Ha ha ha ok.
having tiramisu cheese cake as supper now... ha ha ha fat
#worstfeelingever RT twitterusername when your crush likes someone else. ha ha ha cb
See, i so sleepy that i tweeting nonsense to ruban. HA HA HA AIYO
HA HA HA not my fault you people leave your cigarettes lying around
Now do things in slow motion + tweeting etcs. Ha. Ha. Ha. So late liao.
I've always wanted to play in the rain with someone special ha ha ha
april and i, JUST her and i are walking together in bpp ha ha ha
Mumsie was close to reading my tweets and my DM. ha. ha. ha.
OMFG HIS STATUS HA HA HA SHAME ON YOU #screenmuncher twitterurl
Once i caught you doing things behind my back, ha ha ha goodluck
Feels so free tonight I actually did nothing ha ha ha whatever time to sleep
The is the pang sai view in the future. Ha ha ha. twitterurl
??twitterusername Chase me baby chase me ha ha ha ????? tkyoh chase, tiup je mung ??
Ha ha ha RT ????twitterusername #Leo females ARE the motherfucking Princess.???
And then  I complain I'm gaining too much weight ha ha ha twitterurl
??twitterusername No bra day mayb? HA HA HA??? I agree with this.
gonna put aside my phone now and study ha ha ha
HA HA HA. serve you right. look at that embarrass face of yours.
the cops making rounds bc of what happened last night ha ha ha gooooood
ha ha ha second choice; something known to me since you came.
I feel like I may do something crazy ha ha ha
Packed Sun of stuffs but doing all the minor minor stuffs, make sense ha ha ha
Another chim question now should I go get the oven now? Ha ha ha
Well, all I can say is.... thanks for brainwashing HA HA HA
Babes mad for no reason ha ha ha . Whatever fuck it .
david, sealand woman, michael, gordon - if none of these come out i die ha ha ha
oh wow I totally forgot about chapel later ha ha ha #prayforclar #irony
Oh the sweet perk of having anxiety issues. HA HA HA.
It's fucking FUNNY when all video you downloaded suddenly can't be played. Ha ha ha.
The most cannot carry part is COMME DES ABAH KAU ha ha ha
ha ha ha wtfak fitt you're so awkward among your Malay people that it's so sad
Wwa tickets coming out in a few minutes ha ha ha goodluck everyone happy hunger games
Har har to the email I've been using since pri 3, smartdeeqatwitterusername . Ha ha ha.
What are you really good at? ??? at making people annoyed ha ha ha twitterurl
My grandmother treats me like im 6 and not 16 ha ha ha
The thing is there is no one to adore ha ha ha
need to wake up at 8 tmrw and im not asleep... ha ha ha
Am not so stupid anymore, not gonna trust anyone either. Ha ha ha.
a sudden craving for twister fries ha ha ha i just cnt i keep eating
maybe i could do this year like last year... ha ha ha
Off to woodlands w fam celebrating ayah's 2days advance bday ha ha ha
3 periods of poa and core hist tomorrow ha ha ha fuck
The interlace is so scary. Just looking at it scares me HA HA HA
ha ha ha i don't even love my phone that's why i keep on throwing it :-)
Im not surprise if the full time result is 5-0 ha ha ha
only ate one meal the whole day yesterday. HA HA HA.
20% and theres no charger ha ha ha fak my life
I was a clingy girlfriend in 2008 ha ha ha ew twitterurl
I major in the art of screwing things up HA HA HA
okay actually I like to hang out some guys. not all. ha ha ha ah sorry.
BAYERN MUNICH HA HA HA GGMU has a different meaning now
Took the shortest one. Very shortest one todaiyyy Ha ha ha
i hv a feeling we're gna be chased out soon ha ha ha twitterurl
My Saturdays are for naps. That's how boring I am. Ha ha ha
#workaholic ha
Wah ha ha. Happy girl is happy! Lol.
??twitterusername I have such tiny asian eyes ha ha???
i got no school on every mondays ha ha haha
I'll probably sleep in one of the lessons. Ha ha
Phone kena confiscate ha ha whats new mofos
ha ha i give up studying. see no point anyway! :)
Check2 pompan die yg msg aku. HA HA whatever ah
My teacher call me Mashila. Ha ha K
xiaolong drew on my prep work ha ha bitch :-)))))))
Citer love you love you dah start. Ha ha
haha now my eyes sting ha ha stupid girl
no that would be terrifying ha ha happy halloween
hm ha hm ha goodmorning for the 2nd time
Cousin wedding later and I'm still not asleep ha ha
4th December kakak turning 23. So old already. Ha ha.
cn I hv Indian wedding ha ha dream on
Nice to see twitterusername after so long ha ha
??twitterusername hope you get struck by lightning ha ha???
Chewy junior for dinner @ this timing ha-ha
Got a feeling I'm gonna be late tomorrow ha ha
Hungry at this timing ha ha whats new
Failed combine humans so badly omg ha ha
Unselfish act from Torres & Willian killed it. HA HA!!!
Ha ha let me introduction myself, here comes gg ;)
Sorry lor.. I dun have a sweet face.. Ha ha
I don't have the mood to tweet nowadays ha ha
Ha ha padehal I'm using iPhone to tweet. :')
Accidental couple wear, ha-ha. clemence_lee  @ Orchard Central twitterurl
??twitterusername Do guys like pampered girls? HA HA.??? Yeah obviously :)
"twitterusername gonna cuddle myself when I'm sleeping later ha ha"
Everyone got caught BUT I DIDN'T HA HA BITCHES
ha ha somebody texted me and begging to meet??
*ketawa renyah nonton stand up comedy* ha to the ha
Nasi lemak in the early morning um ha ha haaaaa
Mum got new hair extensions Ha ha hahahahah
lol fuck so retest is tomorrow ha ha
to usetan!! (Bcs I not setan ha ha.....)
ha ha cher u can fuck off twitterurl
I should do that one day ha ha
I don't give a fucking shit HA HA
crawlingsloth bcs that's my ig username ha ha bye
Yay to me finally cooking again ha ha twitterurl
Too ugly to put my face as twitcon. Ha ha.
missing every moment wishing that it could last ha ha
Benny being all sweet and shit like ah ha ha
"twitterusername can't seem to pleased anyone ah ha ha"
a place i call memory. well im here ha ha
will be working patheticly for 4 hours today ha ha ._.
:') "twitterusername Sabar say "twitterusername The end HA HA""
Ha ha world rabak RT twitterusername @ tamp mac with faiq
phone dying soon I guess... ha ha I.
Navigating thru ha eyes .. destination 2 ha thighs
UM HA HA RT twitterusername Homescreen seseorang with #Daesung !!!!!!! twitterurl
Feel like grabbing Mac, but its fattening. Ha ha.
i bet february is going to trend soon.... HA HA
it's like "shit is over, whatchu tripping for" ha ha
??twitterusername Not gonna watch #thefinal1sg anymore???  HA HA kesian
HA HA I ANSWERED THAT haha cock Normala cock
And the best part... my phone died already ha ha!
'Losing someone' powerful motivator ha-ha so true!
Omg trouble maker lol lol lol HA HA
Ha ah ha I don't even know what's for tutorial
'I'm not crying' HA-HA, I'm a big liar.
Ha ah ha possession without penetration. Easily amused. twitterurl
I should really stop smiling to myself ha ha
That feeling when you are working on monday ha ha
Hard to get a kakak that is world :') Ha ha
Actually I still cannot believe it ha ha
Wondering y im still not tired ha ha
Ada orang terasa with my tweet, terus reply :') HA HA.
Ha ha Syuh you came here not to cuci mata!!
Ha de ha I'm reaching home.?? Early boy today.
ha-ha you are a funny one :-) ???  twitterurl
Tell Ha To Sit Ha Big Bodied Ass Down
happy that i finally got a phone ha ha
You belong with me in my sleep. Ha ha
doing laundry at the same time tweeting ha ha
idk why i really love tweeting w pics ha ha
This motherfucker is just pissing me off man ha ha
anything about the jdt game do inform me HA HA
Im getting bored of my hair colour alr ha ha
There goes the calories rising ha ha~ twitterurl
Cheers to the frigging weekends HA HA twitterurl
kenapa bukak fb, terbaca conversations between them pulop. Ha ha
I think she laughing at my hair HA HA bye
Will be going jogging at night, alone ha ha.
Fuck off unfollowing you for sure ha ha
Vidic to Inter?! HA HA!!! All the best la hor...
I'm too positive. People freak out sometimes. Ha ha
I didn't reply cos I'm not in Sg. Ha! Ha!
I macam case anti-guys for life gitu ha ha
ha ha says the one who said the same thing
HA HA fuck my life I'm so bored right now
Ha-ha "twitterusername Forgiving is easy. Trusting? Not so much.."
"twitterusername HA HA , someone have an ace up your sleeve ."
Holiday over not a single homework done #feelingproudbutdyingtomorrow ha ha
Step hot bf behind me ha ha twitterurl
can i eat without being or feeling fat ha ha
Still got prelims ltr... Wish me good luck. Ha ha
Ate one meal for a day ha ha
Quite happy w emath ha ha dun hate me
going sch early because its graduation. Ha ha
Eh rhyme ah ha ha I can be a songwriter
mj12!! #nowplaying its been too long ha ha rindu
Guess who bought iphone 5 online ha ha
Working later and im still awake ha ha
I fucking hate twitter. Ha ha the irony.
my thai friend went off today:( ha ha
Lawak ha ha rt "twitterusername what is pain ?\
Perfect weather to not take a shower ha ha
Yeah it's funny. Ha ha ha. Seeing ppl die is funny. Ha ha ha. Well in other lighter news, Singapore leading Laos 1-0 in the Sea Games. Yay!
loooooool first got kicked out by bradford then got kicked out by blackburn HA HA HA HA HAHA NOT EVEN LEAGUE TEAMS LOL FUCK MOTHERFUCK SHIT
"?? And I like the Welsh language, because it was clearly invented by a dad losing at Scrabble??" HA-HA-HA-HA
Lol someone tried using my secondary school to say that I am a shame for retaining ha ha ha ha fak you
Where is all this talk about me being heartbroken coming from man I'm not heartbroken I HAVE NO HEART HA HA HA HA JOKE'S ON YOU
but at least i get to use my old pink lollipop phone ha ha ha ha it is soooo cute i miss it so much!
"mom asked you to-" "DONT LIE. She totally asked you to do it but you're fucking lazy I know." HA HA HA HA
With twitterusername Really high right now. Ha ha ha ha. Oh my god I trying to spell right okay can. twitterurl
Blogshops that say they sell everything at below $20 but everything is priced at $19.90 excluding postage... ha ha ha ha w o w
Who gets done with their final term module exam paper in an hour? Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Can I jump down now?
First person in class to be called an After Effects mugger . Everyone in class just had to laugh at me . Ha ha guys. Ha ha.
My mum wants to bring me out for steamboat .... Ha ha ha ha dont think I can even kiap the food
Ha ha ha ha. Now I'm laughing like a moron. Asal mandi je mesti Fabo yg kena. I should tell her bout your tweet tomolo! Now she's sleeping.
HAHAHAHA RT twitterusername so I got nicknamed the Kaur-fer just now... as in cougher cause I kept coughing during the exam ha ha ha ha
I tried to do math I really did. I finished the dang paper forty five mins early HA HA HA HA
Im not miss him more but i miss my friends more. Can u believe it? pls laugh now "ha ha ha ha" luls
lol wait.. i'm still in the coming of age mood when i read "batchies" as "BIATCHES" like how DK does it. ha ha ha ha
Here's a photo of bapak bapak lagi cabut bulu hidung ha ha ha ha im so funny right i took the picture by myself yay twitterurl
Telling my class not to feel sian because official timetable starts tomorrow as .. They can see my face longer ha ha ha ha
It's funny for a person who always leave you alone to say "You know I won't leave you alone one.". Ha ha ha ha.
nahhh my love life is already pretty colourful as it is ha ha ha ha who am i kidding i cant do this shit hahahaha
good thing pads don't hit back. UNLESS MAT IS HOLDING THEM HA HA HA HA FACK YOU *hits you bitches with padding*
talk about going hardcore omg. no assembly, no chapel, school ends early just for remedial/mocks/project care ha ha ha ahhaha ha
Can't believe I bought rollercoaster tycoon off steam ha ha ha ha I have arrived at a whole new level of loser
Why are we still acting like we're together when we're not ha ha ha ha ah a w k w a r d.
phan boi chau phan chu trinh pham quynh vajiravudh prajadhipok ha ha ha ha fuck u southeast asia cant wait to kiss yo ass goodbye
When 13 year olds tweeting about giving up on life just because they did badly for their first EOY of secondary school ha ha ha ha no
The moment is still in my mind. Moment when Ammy typo, from NOOB become BOOB. I was like 'excusme, boob siapa?' Ha ha ha ha
But it's definitely not as shocking as HalalSG replying my tweet ha ha ha ha i feel so ignored T-T
"twitterusername I promise I will go to bed early starting from next week onwards so that I can be on time for school." Ha ha ha ha
?HA ! - NMB48 #NowPlaying ??????????
Follow lagi ha
The Three Stooges ha
UM HA HA HA RT twitterusername "...no, i'm just resting my eyes" <-- that doesn't sound goood. Taknak baca lagiiiii!!!!!!!! ????
i thought we should encourage one another to study but im asking people to die with me ha ha ha .
TC! Ha ha ha. RT twitterusername Waaa baek. Kk. (: RT twitterusername twitterusername GLAD YOU KNOW WHERE YOU STAND happy now?
Ouch my stomach really hurts from laughing at the ghost pranks on youtube my abs are forming ha ha ha
Theres no need for love and care from teachers oh seriously your job is to teach ha ha ha.
Actually tak magical sangat lah, I was a bit lost. Couldnt figure out what day was it, ha ha ha
HA. HA. HA. NAISE ONE JJ. "twitterusername When Mr.Egg was picked up, Jaejoong said: ??Hyung again?.... Go down quickly!??? ROFL"
I was blown off by the wind ok I'm exaggerating ha ha ha but damn the wind was strong
If you wanna criticize the Malays, make sure you check your grammar and your english first. HA HA HA. twitterurl
When guys is ok farting ard u, does that means they're comfortable w u? Ha ha ha
Lol -,-. Training obviously cancelled bcs it raining. Ha ha ha? So instead follow mama and aunty x)))))
don't how to bring up the topic of me wearing specs, to mom... ha ha ha haiz
Fazlan i have a crush on you... You're just too cute and fun... ??? ha ha ha so fangni twitterurl
Ha ha ha if you unfollowed me because of K-Pop then go ahead. I will not get affected.
can't bring myself to text you again and again b'cos you'll find me annoying ha ha ha
Ha ha ha told myself im going to sleep early today and look at the time now
Happy 20th Birthday again, JOISUUUUUU aka Old Ahlian. HA HA HA just kidding. Have fun todaaaaaaay ;) without me :'( twitterusername
Anjing ko"twitterusername HA HA HA RT twitterusername Finally he has came back to his girlfriend again :')""
was about to use my phone...... Then I remembered, 1% battery life and USB cable isn't working ha ha ha.
Haven't felt this worst for so long, crying myself to sleep and idk what to do. Ha ha ha.
sg seldom in the day 25degree ha ha ha maintain till night time it will be colder
Ended work lo!!!! Cheers to the weekend!!?But ironically, I'm working the next 2 days... Ha ha ha
I think you already achieved what you wanted now for being close to me last time ha ha ha.
Wokeh MYVIPZ, I've decided!!!! I'll only join the encore event UM HA HA HA~ sorry lah Unnie Vitamin sudah tua~
HA HA HA. Your mommy got teach you what is retribution a not? In your face bitches.
Treating myself to a feast for lunch! Eating by myself ha ha ha what's new?  #loneranger #hungrybiiiitch #gimmemore
for all I know I'm talking to you and not your cousin. HA HA HA it was probably a lie
Hope you enjoy each other company,because i dont see why you need me ha ha ha
"twitterusername When i hear that my crush like someone else twitterurl Yes. Hahahaha this. hahahaha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha. Yes she was. Nabilah, jeles? Hi hi hi RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername smells like someone is jelousy
you don't like it when I call you a fucker? ha ha ha. I don't fuckin care ;-)
Assaaaaaaaa finished reading twitterusername 's book now I don't have to buy the book um ha ha ha~
THANK for those messages letting me see through the colours. Ha ha ha. Thank you leh really.
Just one holiday and we all drifted ha ha ha and you still call this a clique. Well said
I dont why. But i hate saying "I love you" to someone face to face. ha ha ha weird
I dont have anymore feeling toward other boys. Except for SHINee. ha ha ha what a sad life.
All my girls cried today hais. I would be the last man standing if it wasn't for twitterusername HA HA HA HA HS
if u were planning to unfollow me, u shouldn't have followed me in the first place, make me have high hopes only ha ha ha ha. bitch.
Can I look like those girls who still look cool in school uniform ? See la, I fail. Ha ha ha ha meow. My face, hais. twitterurl
So I just went shopping ha ha ha ha. Aunty aunty, next time must serve any customer. Dont look at your customer like they are here for fun.
Afiqah pls tkmo hot and sexy sgt (; ??? Err? I cover my aurat. How can i be sexy sgt? Ha ha ha ha.... twitterurl
Mum kept on thinking that my results are good no matter how many times i told her it's bad ha ha ha ha mum i wish
In the worse ever situation in my life and the girl is laughing at me. Ha ha ha ha. Thanks a lot ah. twitterusername :P
Ha ha ha ha you know whut, im just gonna buy icecream with muna rn then lock myself in the room bcs fuck life lol
Look at zul idk i just find him really adorable in this pic ha ha ha ha lol i just love his fat cheeks twitterurl
i don't understand why good girls go for jerks when we the good guys are not good enough for them ha ha ha ha
Making up stories ha?
rlly no mood ha
#nowplaying Ke$ha - Timberrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
canot stop talking ha
HA! yeeh right ??
#nowplaying Blind - Ke$ha
Ha can't stop crying :')
Morning face? Ha twitterurl
Confirm influenced by Stanley ha ha ha ??twitterusername why download sdo-x season  need so long ... irritating la sia???
Panda News: Video: Charli XCX / Gold Panda - "You (Ha Ha Ha)" - Pretty Much Amazing (blog): Pretty Much Amazing ... twitterurl
Last essay point before I head to bed ha ha ha who am I kidding the night is still young.
Ok i'm gonna volunteer to take attendance next term. I find it quite fun ha ha ha
"twitterusername LOL RT ??twitterusername "twitterusername Woah slap people sia ha ha ha such a brave young girl" Westwood's hosehbo girl???"
And this abg fire fighter just looked at me and did the "YOU KIDDING ME" face HA HA HA
My alarm was supposed to go off at 7 psssh or maybe I just didn't hear it ha ha ha
omg harry potter has been silently playing on a loop for a week omg ha ha ha
i have to agree with adri your brother is too cute ??? ha ha ha mwntion him twitterurl
HA HA HA ... you're not funny, your secretary......... lol you don't even have one... ??? i have! ask her :-) twitterurl
Need to find someone who can handstitch my chucks. Or whatever's left of it ah ha ha ha.
ha ha ha. because until now I still haven't even start revising on a single shit. lol
FREEDOM OF SPEECH THEY SAY .HA-HA-HA . (Way too many people don't agree with this. twitterurl via twitterusername
wishing good luck to myself as i do the past year amath papers ha ha ha (i seriously need it)
Going through pictures on my phone and started to delete some of them bcz ha ha ha too many corruptions
That awkward moment when the intention was to write "ha ha ha" but ending up sending ":* :* :*" in a text message.
paid for the membership card but not even getting it HA HA HA does this even make sense?????
Kidnapping in SG, sorry but i really wanna laugh at the kidnappers AH HA HA HA !!! what dumb move...
Hope there's a kind soul gave me a wake up call later. Ha ha ha not happening.
UM HA HA HA RT twitterusername Nathasha is playing 'SPOT WINNER' in Ringa Linga MV. im forever sideeyeing her.
"Tbh you are pretty" ha ha ha you puji orang lain lew im nt pretty ok hm
lek sukir RT twitterusername ha lek mono bae RTbowoshp: ha lek bag wae RT twitterusername ha bapakne de'e (cont) twitterurl
Ohhhhh look at all the free time I have in August ha ha ha. (Each colour represents an activity) twitterurl
So you figured out that the tweet was for you ha ha ha dang it hit the spot ehy? xD
Guess what I'm doing now? Washing the damn popper ha ha ha its been yearsssssssss or decade I shall say
to think that i'm the only one ha ha ha oh well fuck it just gonna blame myself for believing
Everyday I see lots of half naked men walking around... because they've taken a shower. Ha. Ha. Ha.
What major problems are you facing rn? ??? Famiy problems and prolly my projects as well ha ha ha twitterurl
Idiotic me , ha .
take that HA
#nowplaying Ke$ha - C'Mon
Keep farting ha
#nowplaying Timber- Ke$ha
just changed my facebook picture for the first time in over a year ha ha ha i h8 fb
its a turn off if your turn the on to an off button HA HA HA lol
How often do you clean your room? ??? when I got the mood to... ha ha ha twitterurl
Panda News: Charli XCX Apologizes for Glamorizing Guns in Latest 'You (Ha Ha Ha)' Video - SPIN: SPINCharli XCX A... twitterurl
"twitterusername F off hahahahhah??twitterusername lucky me my M1 is not being a bitch???" HA HA HA
Anybody knows a way that can make your hair grow longer in less that 7 hours? Ha ha ha
Everybody has a special person in their life . . . . well me . . . I got NO ONE  ?? ha ha ha nice :')
am I beauty ? | yes of course, like a barbie, with big body ha ha ha | that's truly friend
So me RT twitterusername So much for five mins I'll shower ha ha ha forever dragging time
HA HA HA RT twitterusername wtf i accidentally liked someone's photo on insta and it's 3w ago omg so embarassing?!!?!
"twitterusername twitterusername maybe can bring a friend who is 18 below and accompany HA HA HA" HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA OK
Giving myself numerous reasons why I shouldn't read through CSE tomorrow ha ha ha. TIME FOR BED. :D
Did the same thing last year and it rained lol hopefully it rains tomorrow ha ha ha.
Sometimes i wonder how come i have so many friends im so weird im so annoying ha ha ha
??twitterusername Feeling so low about myself today.. oh wait but isn't that everyday of my life??! Ha ha ha???
going to go crazy the amount of information needed to memorise for F&N HA HA HA fml
Things that I'm good at? Fucking things up. Ha ha ha around of applause for you sufi
It's no wonder things turned out the way it did... there was something fishy. Ha ha ha, well played, Batman...
Too many vacant parking space coz a lot of em are taking leave today um ha ha ha
He brushes me off by telling me he loves me ha ha ha cousin tercontoh award goes to Medrie Hardi
keep writing 'democrats' and 'republicans' instead of 'catholics' and 'protestants'........... if this happens during ss Os........ ha ha ha
We all need money to go to 1D world to shop meh i feel so carrot ha ha ha
If I had a boyfriend I think I'd sexually destroy him every time I got high ha ha ha ....
Eduardo likes to call me & threaten me ha ha ha he nevaaa does shit in person though (;
??twitterusername i can never be a sasaeng fan bc i have no money and no time ha ha ha???
Turning in now. Don't wanna be late for the oh so exciting talk HA HA HA sarcastic laugh right here
Mama buying for me nasi goreng ikan bilis for my breakfast,lunch,dinner and also supper ha ha ha.
.twitterusername Ha! Ha ha! Haaaaahaha! Niiiiice! A very merry way to celebrate Jesus's born day! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
so I'm going to bed after all I laid out a pretty slack outfit for tomorrow ha ha ha
my bro case btol2 looking forward to get that british shorthair but end up ha ha ha hais
my ig name alrdy changed so alang alang follow me lah ((promote ha ha ha)) ig : _nhzqh
Manisssss! No no no. Ha ha ha RT twitterusername "twitterusername I need an isotonic drink." redbull bhahaha
I just realize Martin Garrix is 17 years old.. ha ha ha what am I doing with my life.
"twitterusername So, my bestfriend is going so far far away ha ha ha is it funny?  Er" cc twitterusername
well i always choose to act like nothing happened & u always take it for granted ha ha ha
Honey peach milk tea, with a stick of cigg while chilling with some bangla. Ha ha ha
PUHAHAHAHAHAHA I can't get enough......sorry I'm making fun out of this on #B7GBANG day um ha ha ha
HA Ha ha I find it so funny when my mum speak in broken english to her chinese/indian friends
??twitterusername ??twitterusername taugeh tu actually kaki lipas kene clorox??? HA HA HA DAMN FARNIE THIS ONE.??? bitch im serious
how the fuck do i expand a factories algebra equations ha ha ha imm so getting an f9 for maths
I need fucking $88 for my expenses this end of year but now I'm back to zero ha ha ha
Damn I just cut my lip cause I was sucking the aluminium foil with yoghurt ha ha ha
Reunion dinner? Ha ha ha. This is kind of thing nvr happen in my fam. Like rly
I'm waiting for my garlic naan and butter chicken. Yes. At 11.18 pm ha ha ha!!!! Wooohoooooo
Srysly not feeling so well :'/ I want evelibadi that I love beside me. Ha ha ha. Goodbye :(
Sigh cuteboy got ask fm ok spamming time guise ha ha ha ill go all weird on this little boy
RT twitterusername Don't talk about iPhone 5 if you don't have a money to buy it. Ha ha ha.
just set a significant record for myself in diamond dash. it only took two warm up rounds. HA HA HA.
Hahaha, that old trick. I've done it before. Rmbr. You nvr gain anything you lose alot instead. HA HA HA
"twitterusername Kalau ktorg blaja bio confirm sume org mcm "eh esok biology ke biogrophy?" Ha ha ha" KNP LAME SGT
Ew ?????????????, I pity the girl to b w u LOL must be so fucking blind and suay ha ha ha
since the hate is starting to appear how about you add on to it ha ha ha | twitterurl
Reading my old sim card messages. And found one funnieh message from him. Ha ha ha. I mean, my dad.
I close my eyes and open my heart. When i open my eyes again, she's gone HA HA HA
Suddenly very high ha ha ha but thank God for tonight's fellowship while celebrating Sihui's bday! Very encouraged every time!
When everyone is like "Going out with my family today" and half of my family is away............. Ha ha ha
HA HA HA JINKI PLEASE. You're an old man. Not a kid . Please dont do this twitterurl
#nowplaying Ke$ha - C'mon
#nowplaying Ke$ha - Backstabber
Simple basic btchs ha!
Wrong thought ha!
feeling so useless. ha
3R topic apa ha?
80 million users already got their own instagram. Who got 80 million followers here? Ha ha ha :P
??twitterusername Sad truth, I've never spent v'day with anyone before, receive anyth or whatsoever. Ha ha ha :')???
ha ha ha RT twitterusername I might look calm, but in my head I've killed you three times.
why do I even have the habit of biting the straw whenever I'm drinking water ha ha ha lol
ha ha ha 5/5 have girlfriends aka going to fill a bath with alkali and die pce
I should be the one saying that to you ha ha ha I am such a loser
So damn sleepy hopefully this walk-a-thon thing is cancelled ha ha ha but anyhoos its friday yay
I love people who can take my lameness because I use my imagination to be lame. Ha. Ha. Ha.
"twitterusername If only I'm an extrovert instead of an introvert..." Nasib baik bukan pervert ha ha ha bye
spazzing the fuck out before the test last night ha ha ha I love you guys twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
surprise birthday present from Abang Imran Ajmain. am still waiting for another surprise :p HA HA HA
i told my friends that harry hurts my heart and they thought i was joking ha ha ha \
HA HA HA IN YR FACEEEEEEE RT??twitterusername Rvp hat trick. Means Suarez is not the top scorer anymore :(???
Girls playing frisbee and i'm just sitting here like the lazy ass sad bitch i am ha ha ha
Keep strong and calm? and always remember Justin Bieber,make you forget him:p twitterusername Ha-ha-ha...:--P
I dont miss easymath camp ha ha ha got busted sitting at the top lol watched by thousand uhm kayh
my brother is going to Pulau Besar Babi tmrw ha ha ha for sure so many babi there......(oo) lol
Gab so popular that all the questions flooding for him. And me ? HA HA HA OH LOOK WHO'S LAUGHING ? LIFE.
Lol wtf i forgot to bring pe shorts ha ha ha the day cant get any better
Me in smu is like katak in the fridge...only happens when it is dead ha ha ha
We do good and bad things together. Sometimes not together but the same time. HA HA HA twitterusername
??twitterusername how do some girls just be so attractive without even trying HA HA HA??? you're talking about yourself here
Gonna try my best to get whatever i want, not going to disappoint myself ha ha ha.
" twitterusername my mistake.....i got write quarter past 8 as 840 ha ha ha so clever" 820* lol what even
Lepak at Botak Jones fo a while w Mummy & Mummy's friend gave me a free kueh ha ha ha -.-
Aha dont trust senior ha ha ha how about you take a good look at the proposal you made
O m g my MacBook restarted on me when I'm in the middle of exporting my project. Ha ha ha.
happy thanksgiving everybody half of the world, respect and give me grilled turkey. ha ha ha hahahaha!
Rt twitterusername tiring day of school, had fun even though I played like shit ha ha ha
Everyone is so sentimental these days. A pencil and eraser convo pon boleh deep Ha ha ha
??twitterusername It's raining tomorrow and I have no one to cuddle with my life is a joke ha ha ha :-)???
Maybe you n the people around you must be thinking how dumb I am ha ha ha
Pick one middleeastern god to sow wrath upon your land ha ha ha for welcoming Teh Gay.
all of my cedar juniors are like so damn pretty and then there's me HA HA HA ok bye
Brasa di club gtu ya min RT twitterusername High high I'm so high..  high high up in the sky..  HA HA HA HA HA Say LA LA LA LA LA ~~
.... heartburn. Ha. Got that already...
Indirectly replying peoples tweet ha
The harold song -ke$ha ???
#NowPlaying Crazy Kids - Ke$ha
Females living scandalous lives<<<<   Ha ??????????
We've field cooking too. Ha.
Ha ole sun faced ass
You Don't Say Desiree -.- Ha
oh there playing ke$ha ??
#NowPlaying Blow by Ke$ha
Nowplaying: Die Young - Ke$ha
Ha I'm going to bed
oh wow so encouraging ha
Why everyone oi me ha??????????
at this age eh . HA
The harold song -ke$ha
#nowplaying Ke$ha-Crazy Kids
Why am I crying HA
ew ha dong hoon tmi
I got killed twice:( ha
#NowPlaying Ke$ha - C'Mon twitterurl
Texting ha homie,.....iight bet!
What you're thinking about ha?
ha i havent got tweetlimit
Going out alone later HA.
at least she's paying ha
they keep questioning when Dian will be back on twitter. yeah I'm back! ha ha!
What do u think of aniq iskandar ha ha . ??? My valentine leh twitterurl
You are the funniest friend i've ever had. AH HA FUCKING HA ??
Ha ha not 11 yet and I am feeling sleepy...oh no
okay i shouldnt be listening to old new boys tracks ha ha
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Ha ha world rabak RT twitterusername @ tamp mac with faiq??? padehal avalon??? bye
?? ????? ??twitterusername Khunnie forgot lyrics again ha ha "If you were here"???
Might do some work before I sleep considering I did nothing tonight ha ha
thats you that cany keep a ol lady cause you keep fxckin ha friends ha ?
LOL. Kwang Soo, Ha-ha and Suk Jin destined to be together ??? cross!
you are...... ha ha RT twitterusername Irritating seh i look like im twelve
I guess this is the nicest shot of sarah. Ignore my face ha ha twitterurl
sat near the window and it rained and my bio paper smudged thanks alot ha ha
MEMtalks with the boys from OgilvyOne :) ?????????dont ask why chewwwy is crawling ha ha twitterurl
Got like 5 unanswered all about chu and I'm gon' to just leave it ha ha
Ya lor HA HA RT ??twitterusername twitterusername is it my tempo gf emo also.... HAHA???
He will surely flip, but I dont fucking care ha ha
Omg that rhymes i wonder why am i not a rapper or smtg ha ha
Ha ha beautiful... Hashtag beautiful... ?? #Beautiful (feat. Miguel) by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername nothing much, how bout you?" huh? ha ha okay...uhm, music as usual.
"twitterusername I got 1001 reasons to why I need my license and a bike ha ha"
Ha ha not funny why does it keep vibrating, I thought the spamming stopped alr! :(
Dota 2 with twitterusername at school after studying thermo . Ha ha . Epic shit .
I starting to talk less in class because i dont feel like talking. Ha ha.
??twitterusername twitterusername 'I live at jurong too' 'ha ha what a coincidence' hahahahah??? HAHAHA YA SIA
i just cant wear skirt idk why but ken0t ha ha just cant tho
Because your breasts are bigger than your brain! HA HA. *self five*
When an sg malay speaks malay. He's so cute! Ha ha twitterurl
funny how i actually miss being busy completing assignments ha ha
Class at 8:30am and i just reached school. Ha ha. Ni nama nya timetable sendiri.
why am i not born funny or smart or talented or pretty i suck ha ha
Ha ha nola i love all of you guys i am having so much fun woo
Class at 10am and im already in school. Pelajar tercontoh nama nya HA HA
Faking someone death is a joke huh? Ha ha. Shall we cry? Or laugh?
Shopping gives you this type of happiness nothing else could ha ha
my biggest fear on rainy days... am I the only one? ha hahaha ha twitterurl
Ha Ha . SOL coming in my way . I knew this would happen .
"twitterusername Dk what the fuck I'm doing with my life ah ha ha"
??twitterusername Feels like im losing friends faster than im gaining ha ha???
boom I can already feel the need to shower ha ha hashtag lupa daratan kid probz
HA HA RT SoDamnComedy: I'm an awesome singer......... when no one is listening.
Thinking about it again..... SHE ACTUALLY SOUND SO STUPID HA HA
Ha Ha RT twitterusername Lucu. RT twitterusername #GGMU = Gong xi Gong xi Manchester United....pffft.
nak buat FAR dulu lah coz I love the topic ha ha
Waiting for twitterusername Date? Nope, hanging out looks cute. Ha-ha!
What type of boys? :) ??? No type in particular I guess ha ha twitterurl
Ha ha can see the baby's small bird already. Alalala cute la.
Wahhhhh tired sia study maths the whole day HA HA H
ha to the ha "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername "twitterusername the jomblo who can't be moved #ReplaceSongsWithJomblo""
I have appointment with Dorra Slimming. Ha ha. Nak kurus. :') twitterurl
why would anyone give a shit about me right ha ha
"twitterusername twitterusername then go to the toilet...... ha ha lame la k sorry" toilet do what!?
How long does it take for one person to like a stranger? Ha ha.
ha ha omg youre so pathetic, thought u said talk in sch? words~
omg the no manners and courtesy person is on my timeline ha ha
Stop playing the sad songs.My emotional so kacau bilau rn ha ha
Of course lah when people tweet 'Masilah' i terasa. OBVIOUSLY that's my name ha ha.
i always spend my bookouts refreshing social media sites. ha. ha.
I've been craving for a snapback like ever since their first sale ha ha
Can't believe I left emath tb in locker ah ha ha
What happens when our new National Stadium's opening is delayed. Ha ha. twitterurl
when i have boyfriend,i always flirt ha ha  with my guy bestfriend dey pundeh
??twitterusername FANGIRLS LIFE! HA HA HU HU, yan ang totoo!!! twitterurl
half of me is you.half of you is not me ha ha suck cibai
was digging up some old memories, ha ha look what i found twitterurl
saw the updated schedule anddd.. I'm working on christmas ha ha great
And slept during ss period ha ha because so sleepy and mr chia is so boring
my mum was shocked when i remembered nenek's bday ha ha lol everyone forgot except me
got bitten by preggy cat T.T sape suruh kacau dia ha ha twitterurl
one more thing,my twitcon is like showing number one ha ha """1 Malaysia" huhuhuhuhu bye
i have to ruin my make up before fixing jt ha ha
Ha-ha doing leg raises and playing funrun at the same time can sia
Just realized that I haven't take bath since morning ha ha who's with me
what a total pathetic loser i am ha ha fails in everything
not sure if it's all my feels or the bad air that's suffocating me ha ha
Stay young and shining bright like a diamod HA-ha twitterurl
If Singapore have Jelebu road, here Malaysia we got Jerebu road. Ha ha
At times im just so good at pushing people away and then feel lonely. ha ha
Honestly I'd be happy enough if I don't get a one digit for amath ha ha
I dont know why im not looking forward going to school. Ha ha.
Don't everything also haha me, ha ni ma ha ge lan ok.
lost 5-6 marks probably looking at the answers?????? ha haha ha bye A1
I will be alone and alone and alone forever alone ha ha
Idk why i find slight pleasure watching the safee yang menunggang advertisement fell. Ha ha.
Quite sad lah ha ha maybe he is attracted to my new photo or something. \
"The local celebrities should be arriving now but they are running late" ha ha what's new
Ha ha ah told my sis that i want to study today but no shit done
Ha Ha. Ytd say one thing, tonight do one thing. Enjoy your date.
Even though you were a bit irritating yesterday, I still had fun ha ha
OMG I FEEL SO PRODUCTIVE TODAY ha ha just kidding i just woke up actually
I miss having someone to be lame with. Ha ha . Hah ??
Argh...I got cramps. >.< ......on my leg that is. Ha ha.
told rahim that i need to pee but then im like in twitter rn ha ha
Everyone's watching a malay scary comedy movie downstairs while I'm upstairs checking my phone ha-ha
hahahahahah hanis was like "mintak kene tweet sia" and my reply was " HA HA TWEETJAIL"
Actually... I find you cute since the first time i see you ha ha ??
Finally saw you in school today buying bubbletea HA HA. ??? come say hi ma! twitterurl
Ha ha I think I'm spending way too much even before the trip!
Lol like you can prevent me from going out ha ha
"twitterusername twitterusername Jom texting or wechat jom" ha ha uhm me feel lazy to do so
???????????! ??????, ????.. ??????????! Very materialistic yet unable to support your own materialistic lifestyle! HA HA!
Saw someone tweet that "ite ramai matreps" LOL. Seriously dude?? Ha ha.
"twitterusername kimak la my cigg box wet abe terkopek" HA HA!
Eventhough i have money, i wont eat. Ha ha. NOOOO. tengah kawal nafsu makan.
guess what ? Ha ha I'm watching the Pitch Perfect movie again and again
It would be sweet if someone could accompany me right now. Ha ha.
Kirain pendinglah, boro diforward :|RT twitterusername twitterusername habis pulsa tjoy ha-ha
watching bencinta and i just remembered that the nice guy's name is shah ha ha
They're nt studying ok.They're more focus Facebook rn ah ha ha stalking ppl
You make everyone you have and had your bahan whenever we fight ha ha
So bored, extreme stalking on instagram. HAHA HA HA H H A
he was educated, but could not count to ten. HA HA
why am i telling u guys, nobody cares tho ha ha
so wht am i going to at school tmrw? lepak? gossip? sleep? ha ha so heaven
Saw someone's profile info that went "Shah Alam city of all bitches!" HA HA, NO.
It was between Spurs and Liverpool but now Willian is joining Chelsea? Ha ha how
i'm the only year 12 at sixth form doing physics ha ha kill me
For a second I actually forgot that I have ss tmr. HA HA shit
why there's no sign of snow yet in malaysia ha ha h a    h a
Mostly all my classmates were sleeping during ss jn ha ha
dulu mikhail isaaq, sekarang mikhail iman. alahai what is wrong with the world sia ha ha -.-
lol prolly just gonna see my L1R4 and decide can not ah ha ha
excluding english which i sat for 10 minutes only ha ha fag
UM HA HA RT ahmadshamin: United Overseas Bank punye english assessment test mcm nokharom susah ! berbelit..
I can't stand someone so rude like you, so much of being a gentlemen. ha ha
I'm gonna regret using this jeans shorts ha ha all de ants is gonna attack me
.... so i go down to the clinic but it only opens at 930 HA HA
3 hours on viewing 1 vid and completing 5 ques of math ha ha goodnight.
??twitterusername cracked the fuck out of my screen god dammit ??????? HA HA! ??
dont be sorry lah, you always thing youre doing right thing what ha ha
Wow ha ha of all the places kena this place also
Sigh tiring leh ha ha... RT twitterusername twitterusername Avalon then Mink lai let's gooooooooo~
??twitterusername oh since when my existence meant something to you anyway? ha ha???
Ive got all those negative feelings right now ha ha fml
We're avoiding each other ha-ha I feel it. Patience is needed.
Ha ha, I love the second question on Mathematics TYS. The person's name not everything else.
Am so tired and my sister keeps talking and talking and talking to me. Ha ha
Knt find ha. Oh well. I'll see ha on my TL 2ma
I still dun find a need for me to acknowledge ur existence.. HA HA!
Now im watching 2012. So much of the end of the world. Ha ha.
#confession i never had a pencil case since day one of secondary school ha ha
Dia give up eh fa? Ha ha i knew he would
HA HA. Cannot counter back what i've said right? IN YOUR FACE!!
A purrfect date should have these on the table. Ha ha. Jom makan prata! twitterurl
when i decided to langgar ha ha haisRT twitterusername Every day twitterurl
Ha-ha I am not the replying-messages-type. Never expect much ?
Actually Acit can be my twinny lah by right. Ha ha.
Eh era trying to insult Johor ha ha you are totally wrong tho bingai
atok always forgot to bring his wallet.That is why seram nak keluar dgn dia ha ha #@
tired tho nak rate ppl.Idk them how to rate ha ha bedal
i have to ruin my make up before fixing it ha ha
THIS! RT twitterusername Who taught u using religion's fact to get RTs ha ha
I love my life, but also love you, you? HA-hA . Love she? Yeah I know.
naww martin and julian are so aw if only i could marry them ha  ha
gonna leave my phone at home bcs whuts the point ha ha
So i guess because of twitterusername and twitterusername i'm playing this game ha ha twitterurl
Its been awhile last i wear coloured lens. Ha ha twitterurl
Changing the topic, so no longer called as anak abah. Ha ha.
The reason why i hate being tall. Now can you feel me? Ha ha. twitterurl
4 years in relationship? Wtf too long ha ha not boring huh? Peh gimme some tips
Hi. I know you're stalking me. Ha ha. Get a life.
tertinggal bas & uncle maniam busy ha ha what a great start of a day
Clearly I am the best man ha ha fuck off la goodnight
I mind my own business most of the time. Ha ha buat hal sendiri lagi best
Mariana's attempts to flirt are so much better than mine HAHAHAHAHahahahah ha ha h a
Im not surprise if people take advantage of me. Ha ha
What bestfriends always do. Ngah ha ha k good night. twitterurl
Speaking of which.... PJ should have a happy socks day ha ha
??twitterusername my biggest fear on rainy days... am I the only one? ha hahaha ha twitterurl
Ha ha class whatsapp group talking about my two fav things, ponies and unicorns
pretty girls everywhere ha ha my self esteem is gone thank u everyone
Girls nowadays its either shopping or sleep or maybe idk ? I'm just saying . Ha ha
triple science on monday, thursday and friday wah syiok only ha ha
Turn off ur phone now ' ha ha  kekek ah dia bual. Kk nak off la :') tc
smart or what. bring tys never bring ans booklet ha ha
Everyone's watching a malay scary comedy movie downstairs while I'm upstairs checking my home ha-ha
Senior is having an argue with junior. Ha ha. You all should  be matured k.
"twitterusername "twitterusername "twitterusername unknown number texted me, fuck eh." that was me.......not" ha ha lol" .
Ha ha I resisted the temptation. No Predaking for me today.
Ate macaroon in the morning i feel so happy ha ha ??
I'm all up n down ha TL .. ha gf gone trip ! Aha
i dont know how, im gonna face you guys. ha ha.
"twitterusername Smelling bananas or green apples [smelling, not eating] can help you lose weight ."ha ha
Can't wait to hear swift's song about harry i hope it's good HA HA
Okay lah i want to bathe and go out for awhile alone. Ha ha.
You remember when I thought being a secondary school student was tough? Ha ha
I see what you did there RT twitterusername Sweat glands forming. Not cool. Literally. HA HA.
There are going to be more mrt lines in Singapore. Ha ha.
Started my auntie/momma Mother's Day off by stealing ha truck & filling ha tank up ?\
Midweek yay!! | Was wearing a tube peplum anyway ha ha @ ??Started from the bottom - Drake twitterurl
"twitterusername Im getting bored of my hair colour alr ha ha" pink color sua
Poly is surrounded w talented ppl. My talent is unfortunately not revealed yet. Ha ha.
lol fucking true ha ha RT ??twitterusername How to get a woman mad in a second:\
I got to keep my eye out for sELeNEr right justin bieber? AH HA HA twitterurl
i'll go for a full body+face reconstruction surgery and migrate to Australia. ha ha
I got sudden urge to go OGS KL ha ha ... don't be silly me
i dreamt that i could driveeeee why isnt it real ha ha haizzzzz
he sacrified almost everything for you but u simply ignore him ha ha hebat doh
this seems like a good place to hurl profanities ha ha
even my boyfriend never noticed me im exist ha ha inikan pula crush candy candy crush
Me and sean was actually waitin for de kissing scene HA HA
'what kinna dog will laugh at jokes? a chi-ha-ha' fuk
Shu min and I balancing on the harley HA HA what a cray night x twitterurl
and i wonder why am i not popular enough.  ha ha
Coe motor naik 3k HA HA ah kt expressway buat lane bicycle k
Alcohol is not a problem, it's a solution. HA HA #chemistryjokes
Someone said im too masculine for a girl being Ha ha nice ass
So nerve wrecking but I can only talk to you about it, Twitter ha ha
Ha ha!??twitterusername The one marriage mistake almost everybody makes twitterurl
Ha ha! RT ??twitterusername 15 Signs You Grew Up As The Oldest Sibling twitterurl
oh i forgot to mention exo in my 'addicte to' lists ha ha not funny bye
Morning class cancel. And i'm sitting here like a lifeless student. Ha ha
Ha ah ha bought premix cookie to try baking first lololol
still thinking about what i read when i deactivated my facebook yesterday, ha ha ha. as if B ever thought of me a day in his life.
Erm, i actually forgot to bathe today. Anybody who is going to judge ? JUDGE LA, YOU THINK YOU JUDGE AH ! Ha ha ha okay nooooo.
That was a nice nap. Nice to sleep and not having to worry about what stupid Jerome Bruner and jean Piaget. Ha.. Ha ha
wow im so funny today i need to tickle someone to laugh at my jokes HA HA HA i need a life
Tak ada yang menarik tentang diriku ini . So there's no need to "you're special to me" . That's all bullshit . Ha ha ha
I told my mom that i want to moving to another school next year and she ask me to moving to smk meru. Ha Ha Ha. no
Panda News: Charli XCX Will Blow You Away in Gold Panda-Sampling 'You (Ha Ha Ha)' Video - SPIN: Charli XCX Will ... twitterurl
I dont understand why some people use their hometown as part of their nickname? Boi Yishun, Boi Woodlands, Boi jurong etc. HA HA HA! Stop it
I'm so bored that I could fetch people though, but if only I get paid by doing this ha ha ha
Oh waaaaaaiiittttttt besok JWAF nak relocate kat CITY SQUARE. So I'm expecting tons of staffs are not gonna be in the office UM HA HA HA~
Ha ha ha..RT twitterusername The sad moment when you find an old conversation between you and someone you don't talk to anymore.
Seems like it's the same in poly, talking alot to one person means we're together. Ha ha ha at least I'm being paired with a guy now!????
I woke up forgetting that im already 21 and im not taking anymore allowance.  Pay not in, wallet empty. HA HA HA good job aron.
Physically no spiking or mohawk style please! Ha ha ha RT twitterusername twitterusername i prefer the nerdy kinda type.braces and spectacles (Y)
"twitterusername Told mum that we had to walk to DISSOLVE food, only realizing it a second later it should be DIGEST. *LAUGHS*" ha ha ha
Watching the final one really makes me winder why my brother didnt get it im starting to feel pissed ha ha ha
"twitterusername idk why but my gum keeps bleeding since evening argh i can faint" wanna see my bleedings next? Ha ha ha I know you want
ha ha ha next time ima bring acid of my own to splash on yo face. not like it can get any worse anyways
If you don't like what I'm doing can tell me straight in the face one you know but not like I will be affected la ha ha ha.
First time blowing off dandelions today I felt so mesmerised + I thought there ain't any dandelions in Singapore ha ha ha
I swear if someone asks me the J i'm crushing on is the J in the school newspaper i'm gonna say no ha ha ha
aunt ask if I wanna join them for picnic at ecp tmrw... with my knee like that? I think better not ha ha ha
The stuff is really working on me. I feel so sleepy now in class. I nid rest. Nona makan dua biji.  Ha ha ha twitterusername
me la me la everything also me. you talk until like that alr what else i can say ha ha ha
if you started the spark, then its nt my fault so why should i give face and apologise? ha ha ha
I miss the moment when we are together and you give me a cute stuff. but the fact is... lie. Yeh I'm a liar right? Ha ha ha
i throw harsh-harsh words at twitter ha ha ha you asked me to stop? Twitter bukan bapak k0 punya pun
spending the rest of my v.day with Ama and Dianne #teamsingle (gonna jog and play at some park ha ah ha ha)
HA HA HA in the end, le new colleague nvr even turn up for work. She is helping to up my anti lvl.
Its so funny how they can find a replacement so fast af. Ha ha ha fuck you lah sial lah. G mati.
I???m complaining because mint is not my favorite flavor ha ha ha. So I can steal a tube or maybe four. He won???t notice ANYWAY LOL.
my sister twitterusername & i planned to tidy our room but.....now we r sitting on d bed while listening to some new songs ha ha ha
ohmy you don't wear make up at all? you have natural ... ??? HA HA HA you're joking right? Nope, I don't wear make... twitterurl
I can imagine a bad morning later on ok bye wah so moody just by thinking about 168 queue ha ha ha bye!!!
Ha ha ha "twitterusername Itu wktu aku tua "twitterusername Damn <3 "twitterusername when a white girl smokes weed one time twitterurl
I live with your bullshit(s) almost 2years ha ha ha im the stupidest girl on earth someone pls shoot me already
My apologies for owning you & fabian like there's no tmr. Told yo guys, don't play w beliebers HA HA HA . twitterusername
This is as if you've got straights on the flop and a fucker runner runner house on the river ha ha ha...
Valentines day n'awwww let's get together with ice cream and lots of tissues and yeah let's just cry together ha ha ha
My mother made me watch this show because she said got my favourite song and it happens to be oru paadhi kadhavu. Ha ha ha haisssss.
everytime april comes everyone is like,"when is your birthday again?" nonsense la. now you see why i celebrate alone ha ha ha
Mom must be missing those stunts that she's becoming x2 worse than the times I was that depressed. Ha. Ha. Ha.
haven't met him for quite some time due to exams. the thought of meeting sensei just scares elzb so badly DDDD8 <-- havent revise HA HA HA
made a very interesting discovery today. but idk if it's true and i'm not going to ask. i'm gonna keep it to myself ha ha ha
Name three cute couples that you know of. ??? I dont like couples.....HA HA HA KIDDING. My bestf and her boyf. Gab... twitterurl
??twitterusername Mordric changed the game. Not the referee. :)??? Ha ha ha. Hell no. If nani wasn't red card, it would be different.
Awwww, my friends all getting in confessions through ask.fm and i'm getting questions like.....what's your weight. HA HA HA LIFE.
Hopefully there'll be another world map sesh tomorrow with the team ha ha ha I find cheap thrill in guessing where a country is located at
Rtrtrt??twitterusername why do I even have the habit of biting the straw whenever I'm drinking water ha ha ha lol???
Bought myself a new notebook. Now I can't wait for school to reopen because i can't wait to use the notebook ha ha ha ok not really serious
need to cover my eye whenever i have to walk pass or talk to my friend i swear la dia damn annoying malu etc ha ha ha
sammy is sleeping with me while Fluffy is trying his ass off not to sleep with me because i scold him, mua ha ha ha hahahahaha!
#5erConfessions at one point of time they were doing a Ustream and I was watching it in school on my iPad bc of time difference ha ha ha
#08 i live in west coast and you don't :p ah ha ha ha. a really nice person indeed. :p my future neighbour
all the best to students taking their o level results later ha ha ha remember theres jc poly n ite just saying uh
Hahahah Kim was telling me how she would love to eat In & Out burgers AND WAIT I ATE THEM BEFORE HA HA HA INTL YOUR FACE
but seriously i dont understand people who know that theyre good looking and tak habis habis puji diri sendiri ha ha ha get lost u faggot
with zaim ha ha ha i knew how hard to be sweet ok.I cant even called him """sayang""" while otp or face to face
sending my guitar for repair tmr. Broke my string again ha ha ha. should never play my guitar when I'm pissed
'Sorry, i don't eat low class food' HA HA HA high class people with no brain. VIP PEOPLE SO WHAT? Like i care! makanan pun nak cerewet
i know im asking if i should stay in or go out but like burgers ha ha ha so funny tifftwat twitterusername
"twitterusername "twitterusername so i was looking for scary pics to tweet and im tok scare dto sleep now o" ha ha ha" shutup bernana
Dapao some Thai food to jialiao at home for dinner for mother's day hope my mom eats it ha ha ha
HA HA HA..! Padan lu! Welcome to REALITY RT"twitterusername End of the National Service the word is - TAK TAU NAK BUAT APA!!"
when your mother decides to barge in your room while you're watching grey's anatomy and it is during a make out scene ha ha ha
What does the fox say? "twitterusername The Fox is a Super Henius song! Well done, Ylvis! Ha tee ha tee ha tee ho! \\o/"
in 11 days i won't be a part of mg anymore ha ha haha ha (it's not funny) and in 21 days i'm going to die
THIS! Funny oh diorang satu team serious funnieh oh babe ha ha ha RT twitterusername : Tina togok is here!! Let's pop the bottles!
The people that use to talk shit to me about smoking are the same people asking me to smoke them out now .. ha ha ha.
When you away from work 3-4 days, you loose that momentum and don't feel like working at all ha ha ha
Got a bottle as a token coz we won a game hmm now i can bring it to work ha ha ha
whn my mum asks what kind of book I'm reading rn....ha ha ha oh mum....just some romance book I got off the shelf...yea...just that
Ha ha ha exo fandom you guys.. A lot of people are died and you guys think your oppa comeback is more important. Fy.
this RT twitterusername "twitterusername if one more person says THIS at the end of a tweet I swear" THIS THIS THIS!!!!11!!1!!!1 hA hA HA
And ridiculous jokes ha ha ha RT twitterusername twitterusername full of actions does not mean that the movie is tremendous. Haha!
Enjoy watching Lelaki Yang Dicintai at Al-Hijrah with Iman. Ha ha ha how fortunate Eizlan Yusof  married wit 3 beautiful wives.
Monday is coming and we NOONA FANS are talking about BIGBANG's bed scenes. Nice. It's good not to be under age UM HA HA HA~
ha ha ha hi my phone isnt working so i think i'll be using another number cos my sim card is a smaller one. this sucks -___-"
oh and I saw aunt at vista just now... she saw me walking home with Sam.... let's pray she won't get the wrong idea... ha ha ha
Wy u always beat n slap ur maths partner last time ? ??? Are you talking about kirthi ? Ha ha ha I don't know. I j... twitterurl
In love with my new laptop and I want to turn it off now but I don't know how to HA HA HA
Freaking backstabbers who backstabs their own mate. Ha-ha-ha! Dude, I'll still lead my life the way I want to.
I am just don't feel entitled to anything at all right now i should just float off for a bit aha ha ha ha
So yeah like I won't be streaming for the show coz I'm too elitist to do that um ha ha ha /kill me now/
Im lying on my bed w my teddy bear. Ha ha ha . Takyah mandi la. #yolo. ??twitterusername I smell so naise can i not bathe twitterusername
we've been punished by warden this morning to mop the whole floor of Block 2.ha ha ha #hostel #punishment #f twitterurl
??twitterusername Mary do you know that I'm only 15 and going 16 this year ha ha ha??? OMAIGOD SO YOUNG?!?! I doposen alr haish i so old :(
Aku dgn xde mood td . . then customer queue pnjng gile . . then aku sorang . . then nk buat lawak bodoh ? ha ha ha -,-
I rarely log on to lms up to the point that I don't even know how to create a google docs discussion group ha ha ha
hand gonna break when I carried baby gen for less than 10min... ha ha ha. well, I just carried her for the first time....
Just for today... I'm feeling that way... The rest of the day.... I shall see how.. Okay, joking la ha ha ha
I deserve a 10 for editing ha ha ha anyway, today was the first polo tee day and I gotta say I kinda like?? twitterurl
shut up marian RT twitterusername "twitterusername what do u mean im turning 20 in 4 days im only turning 16 shut up fuck u" hA hA hA
Ha ha ha I think my shoulder has a bruise or something .... It hurts now because I hit it when leaving the exam room today..... So smart
No matter how good or bad I score my mom will still think that it's shit :-) fuck it ha ha ha
"Awak simpan lagi tak gula-gula dalam hati awak?" - Come on people, nowdays we keep the candy in the pocket. Ha ha ha :DD
Last night being on the runway for the first time(and probably last ha ha ha) of my life! Didn't trip?? twitterurl
There are many things we shouldnt do but why do we still do it despite knowing it's wrong ? Because we are humans. Ha ha ha
True love is getting licked in the face in public and pretending to be annoyed, but admitting that you actually love it later on ha ha ha
Tonight will be a productive night ha ha ha if not i can be prepared to have a chance to be in benny's class AGAIN
HA HA HA. Ok that's funny. Seems like its not easy be... ??? I sense sarcasm~~ haha, it was definitely not easy co... twitterurl
??twitterusername they are not even my bestfriend. and i dont even know if i have bestfriend or true friends right now. ha ha ha.???
why everyone had grown so tall and here I am still being so short............... got no more faith. ha ha ha. ok goodnight ): LOL
ha ha ha guys look at this. look at how different it is. I swear I'm not ordering from this shop again. twitterurl
funny how everytime I try to catch a break from constantly working, I get scolded for being lazy. ha ha ha wtf?
My brother once mad at me when i watch running man. But know he's the one who laughing alone at night watching it. Ha ha ha.
Nah Bomoh Run for android users. Got 4 stars rating already, I tell you. Ha ha ha #mh370 #rajabomoh #tamparbuaya twitterurl
What I plan with this girls.... Its mayb stupid but we'll be foreva stupid if we did not do it. Ha ha ha. Mohon jadi, amin.
when ppl think it's fun to make fun of others when it's totally hurtful ha ha ha jokes on u dear
??twitterusername papa promised to buy me s4 and ps4 when its out. which means my money is safe. HA HA HA??? wahh so lucky hor uuuuuuu
Its called latex cause if you dont use it, your period will be late and your boyfriend will become your ex. Ha ha ha. K.
my family gossips about me so freaking loudly the moment I close my bedroom door behind me. ha ha ha. what a fucking surprise...not.
tweeting to khun like as if he will reply me HA HA HA IN MY DREAMS KILL ME FROM THE EMBARRASSMENT PLS
It will be funny if guys see their eyecandies without make up & they look totally different. HA HA HA YOUR EYE REALLY GOT CANDY #JUSTSAYING
Whoa I remember me and jannah give fake number to our teachers so they couldn't text our parents ha ha ha
That moment when abah started to use 'yupz' instead of 'yes' on whatsapp... I'm waiting for abah to use 'lulz' now ha ha ha
Awesome haha 20marks NEVER DO for AMath... AWESOME HA HA HA. And those I do I also not sure one WTH WIN LIAO
I mean it's all cool (how about no) but the least I would expect is some fucking form of acknowledgement. Ha ha ha.
being locked outside your own house is really pathetic ha ha ha i wonder how long i would have to wait :((((
LOL RT twitterusername twitterusername HAPPY BIRTHDAY to e most amazing Dr! We hav e whole carnival jus to celebrate ur Bday tis wkend! Ha ha ha...
I just don't feel entitled to anything at all right now i should just float off for a bit aha ha ha ha
okay think I'll do back what I did yesterday. take a nap then wake up and study :-) but I must really wake up ha ha ha
Ha ha ha i have to go for another heart scanning at ktph to confirm my PES. Even they know my heart is bleeding
So pissed with sist & granny that I slammed the door and sleep outside at the living room alone ha ha ha tak takot momok .
Aku dgn xde mood td . . then customer queu pnjng gile . . then aku sorang . . then nk buat lawak bodoh ?  ha ha ha -,-
Somehow I still can't get over the handshake.. Is that handshake necessary? When I open my co, I would do that ha ha ha
Alaaah please I want a new hairdo, I wanna hair treatment please please ha ha ha RT twitterusername Pegi shah alam saloon mak sedare..
my face after running two rounds outside school and one round around woodgrove sec.. laugh all you want ha ha ha twitterurl
"twitterusername well i'm done with school ha Ha hA RT twitterusername omg.guys i got no school on friday HALLELUJAH" thats racism
So pissed off at myself. Why in the world was I happy, what a stupid joke that is. I actually thought it's what happened? HA. HA. HA.
There''s someone i adress them friend but instead i never really  know wht would they adress me up? Ha ha ha k
ai donno how to cook&i dont want to learn how to cook,so no one wants me right? Ha ha ha takpayh kahwin
I also wanna go see ??????? to see if I really got cek dio my neck not.. HA HA HA! But seriously..
Just got an earful from the project's head and not even my boss. But the good thing is, I don't think I was listening ha ha ha
brought home a packing peanut for my packing peanut princess because i know how it annoys her ha ha ha twitterurl
How suay can I be. My Cheque not with the bank? Ha ha ha. Fucking bastards! That's why I hate people who are not serious w/ work!
??twitterusername I want to share my problems with someone but none are keen to stay and hear me out ha ha ha???
Its so hard w her around. I cannot gain weight, I cannot be dark, my hair must always be proper..... Macam nenek ayam pulak ha ha ha
Yesterday was kronik. First time I see A kronik gitu rabak, had no choice but to laughed at him ha ha ha
Okay wait my relationship status hasn't changed just that I have a costume this year so jokes on me aha ha ha ha no
so u signed up on twitter so that u can bash people here and there ha ha ha u have one retarded and fucked up life get lost
Imagine Jinki is back from jungle and claim that he fall inlove with someone at there. Ha ha ha im so gonna punch that girl lmao
tgh mlm ni renew quota baru..exo ST ep 9 eng sub keluar hari sabtu which is superb nice ^^.. i love this new subbing squad =) ha ha ha
Am I the only one that's happy that I made it to year2 but no shet given to my gpa ha ha ha
You can say it's like a nuclear bomb where there's an earthquake and an echo of the sneeze. HA HA HA
Hoping that any of my crush follows me on twitter ... HA HA HA  me being lame at my best #bosan #meh
What do you think about your fav cousin? ??? ha ha ha she's amazing. we can talk bout everything and I'm thankful ... twitterurl
you guys wait ah when it's left me and danish. DONT LET YOU PLAY HA HA HA. All of you are asking for it
??twitterusername twitterusername there are a lot of people who cares about you la!! Alamak??? OH PUHLEASEEEEEEEE . ?? A lot? Ha ha ha.
hopefully mdm kan won't be back tmrw. ha ha ha. so I can have longer time to submit my ss... so tired now x.x
Nvm nvm I shall motivate myself by reminding myself that I will get a pay at the end of the day HA HA HA
i told them singapore is a horrible country but they said they love it here cause of the tight security. HA HA HA they're gonna regret.
So ironic that you used to criticize ppl for wearing revealing clothes but you're doing the same too now. Ha ha ha.
UM HA HA HA ok u seriosly need to stop with the LOL in every tweet RT twitterusername Shooting now in JAPAN LOLtwitterusername twitterurl
W o w my hatred for Fasha Sandha has never died down after all these years. Watching this show only makes it worse ha ha ha.
siao this kakak look in the mirror and said "omg i'm so white ha ha haha ha" then dance creepily wtf kakak
Unless I got a rich lover who takes me travel around and eat good food. Then, being jobless is the happiness thing ha ha ha
All it took to wake me up was the image of my mom hitting my bed. I obviously thought it was a dream...ha ha ha.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Aku just nak tahu apa yg bestnyaa software 6.1.4 tu? -.-??? Ada Android + BBM xD??? HA HA HA nice try yum. -.-
need to cover my eye whenever i have to walk pass or talk to my friend, i swear its damn annoying malu etc ha ha ha
malay file , eng file, maths file by tmr and i need to complete all this 3 file by tonight ha ha ha goodluck qira
I regret not going out today...(T_T)... My friend brought her girlfriends out as well, cuz today her b'day. Ha ha ha... Haaaaa.
A really sweet coursemate in my row was asking about life and whether I was planning to get married soon ha ha ha #BoredAtGraduation
Ha ha ha I don't care wether you are the project engineer or the project manager , u give me ur shit I give u 10times my BULLSHIT
Zayn and perrie are engaged! :) And i am..............just sitting here knowing that im not gonna get married to any members of 1D ha ha ha
step la cplg... zz DINIE AND RAIHAN FUCKING STEP LA S... ??? Ha ha ha. Finally you showed up. Come shoot me all yo... twitterurl
Loooo I'm totally doing lunch at my workstation now. But I'm still gonna go out at 12 later um ha ha ha
Ha ha ha malas nak mention, you know who you are :') RT"twitterusername #MentionTo your friend who treats you like her/his family."
Do you know how it feels to have your girl sleeping with another guy? Ha ha ha! Its like someone spitting in to your water bottle.
It is a must for me studying while playing phones ha ha ha that is why my spm result hancurssssasssss lulaz
when you're trying to be funny but nobody's laughing at you joke and you was like "it's okay, I still can laugh at my joke. ha ha ha"
when you're trying to be funny but nobody's laughing at your joke and you was like "it's okay, I still can laugh at my joke. ha ha ha"
Brb dying from feels bc BTS and Block B performed one after another. (my brother's getting annoyed by my cries of agony and pain ha ha ha)
Listening to Do I Wanna Know for like the gazillionth time and making it seem like i don't have any exams ha ha ha.
didnt had time to do homeworks since i had to help out with the gift packing earlier on ahhh im basically screwed for tmr ha ha ha
Just bc im a science student my mum thinks that i know every scientific word or reaction ha ha ha nope
staring at ur crush's whatsapp last seen and hoping that they would start a convo with you when u actually know that they wont ha ha ha
I could feed my own insanity perspective of the world and never lose grip of my sanity. It's thrilling sometimes. Ha ha ha
People might don't have any idea on how strong I hold my gastricism till I fall asleep back. Ha ha ha
what if i actually wasted my money on toefl's application fee already knowing that i wont pass at the first place ha ha ha damn
Ha ha ha fuck you all regulars . I'm leaving for good . I don't have passion here . My passion is only F&b .
The moment when Don turn his face back and told me 'mengantuuuuukkkkk'. Ha ha ha. Tunggu apa lagi? Clash of clan ah, perang seround bro.
I just wanna say a year ago i got my results and it was on of my happiest day in my life. But look at me now. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha.
when my 13yr old bro cries for every damn thing at home then acts like he's damn mature in front of his friends..... HA HA HA HA  oh boy
Three days mor to go and yayyy ma gals will arrive here. Ha ha get ready to say Hallo to the very so boring Perlis no McD, gals! Ha ha yayy!
Lol I die :"D RT twitterusername "Ladies if ur man is cheating on you,dump him and date his dad,make him ur stepson" ha ha ah ha ah ah ha #fb
Your mom wears a tudung and you dare do that ha ha ha ha moreover you do it when she's in front of you. Did she ask you to do it too?
Tadi mse jd usher jap . . Kite kongsi subway double choc chip n air choc frappe jco dgn bdak cine kecik ni . . Ha ha cute jerk kmi cet ha ha
??twitterusername Ha Im Fuckin Awesome!???-- that's gross.
malas sickness comes. why got class ha?
twitterusername Which is my iPhone. Ha.
Ha il say alot hurtful stuff
...ha yeah, i got it pretty bad.
#NowPlaying Grow a pair - Ke$ha
Finishing last piece of milk HA
Elly Tran Ha is one hot human.
Watching some old movie . The Client . Ha !
#nowplaying Ke$ha - Crazy Kids ft. twitterurl
1 min recording from yl ah ha
shit only have one calc ha
Ha. I didn't see that one coming.\
#nowplaying Pitbull ft. Ke$ha - Timber
twitterusername twitterusername wow! Via iphone ha!
because sharing is caring HA twitterurl
Ga boleh? Ha... "twitterusername iMadeface ... iMadeface everywhere"
HA! #Boondocks #RNS #StinkmeanerAintNoHeaux #LongAssHashTag twitterurl
erica got it on ha mind !
Feel free to text me today! Ha
trying to find fault ha fucker
More pro than him? Ha we'll see -.-
Who done humped something today already? Ha!
#nowplaying Ke$ha - Grow a pear
ha just take them away plz
Been failing math since term 1 HA.
Feeling so special he ha ho
just sent both twitterusername and twitterusername  Ha!\
#nowplaying C'Mon - Ke$ha! One word... AWESOME.
Ha not as bad but still suck.
A nigga got ha some whataburgerrr
Feeling cool ha ? for what everythings happen ..
ha still with the coconut oil i
How fuck are you today? Ha?
My boots is not even shining. Ha.
#nowplaying Mystery - Jung Dong Ha of Boohwaal
Can I not go to work ha
^in public with their friends ha
You Ain't Got No Eyebrows Ha
Crying In The Rain - A-Ha
chesee roll! wow pretty delicious ha
Why why why got class ha? Wayyyyyyy
She said bring me some .. HA!
physics arghhh the new teacher ha? ahhhhhhhhhh ??
#NowPlaying Ke$ha - C'mon on 987
"twitterusername Absolute buzzing of twitter today ha"
Ha laughing at these fakes tho .
#nowplaying Ke$ha Ft. twitterurl - Crazy kids
An intern ordering an intern around? ha
"chanipples: im crying so hard twitterurl HA
sleep ha what the fuck is that
#nowplaying Pitbull - Timber ft. Ke$ha
Whats wrong with you today ha scha
HA??? I would say "chio bu!" twitterurl
you thrive off twitter fame ha #getalife
got my GCSE result today ha yay
HA yaaaa twitterusername ft. twitterusername longgglastt???
anyone wants some pretzels? HA CANNOT HAHHAHAHA
Ha lil bxtch get off @ 1:30 <<<<<<<<<<
#WhatMakesYouAWarrior being an Animal (Ke$ha Fan).
Think I jus pissed ha off ??????
Perks (ha!) of being a scientist: \
#nowplaying Ke$ha feat twitterurl Crazy Kids.
Ha I Don't Even Speak Spanish.
Omgggg he's already there. . Haha..ha.....
tian ching is a ha ba gou
and I'm still doing amath. ah ha
Spec mess ban mian quite shiok ha!
Nope I'm not leaving house ha
big boys acting like lil bitches. ha.
Having gastric because i starved myself. Ha.
Don't everything haha me, ha ge lan.
now everyone's playing ancient den HA
School photo dun forget uh ??? Ha twitterurl
HAhA her family is falling apart HA
#NowPlaying Pitbull - Timber ft. Ke$ha
no one to talk to ha
whts wrong w neymar's laptop ha?
Ha what a deflection off Hummels.
People love to complain that they're ugly, not good enough etc but they never make any EFFORT. HA HA
Starting to mix aroun with my classmates ha ha it took me half a term to talk to them
Fuck ha life UP RT twitterusername Alex shoulda never went there tho........ Dutchess gon fuck ha uppppp.???
Now i want to make someone gabra and see how much he cares. Ha ha k bye
??twitterusername Me and zayn talking about home zayn says "I wonder how big my dog is" ha ha haa???
boycotting a&f just because they dont cater to plus size women? ha ha. how childish. shape up then.
3 weeks study break? does it mean a break from studying or a break for studying? ha ha
Ha ha suddenly my busy week with almost dinner appointments everyday some got postponed now I'm more free!
#FreeMyInternet ??? Why the big hoo-ha? - Yahoo! Singapore News (blog): #FreeMyInternet ??? Why the big hoo-ha?Yah... twitterurl
I'm gaining another 2kg back. Hello totally 5kg gained back. See man, I am happy being myself ha ha \\m/
Describe twitterusername , Hahahahahahaha ha haha ha ??? Very very cute girl hehe one of those i love to party with!... twitterurl
And yay we laughed hard just now! Ha ha. Kampong. What not to do in a mosque. Sheep song. Songkok. ??
my auntie nak suami Doctor and my mom nak suami Pilot;a green light for me kahwin 2 ha ha
Nothing to watch at our hotel here so we are watching Adnan Sempit Balik Raya. Ha ha
you guys break your promises how many times already ha ha. why do i still believe that it will happen.
thinking of going to town alone on Friday but nope can't handle the ridiculous amount of judgements ha ha
if nak having sex just do it.No need to ask permission ha ha just boom bang yeah sex
shu min & I, balancing on the Harley in the office HA HA what a night x twitterurl
Life right now is too fun HA HA ESP in school. Can't enjoy it any longer aft this sem:(
I have to stop buying any kind of slimming product. People call me crazy but idc ha ha
alhamdulillah new kicks for sch at a good price. hope it can tahan for two years uh ha ha
is it weird that twitterusername gave me butterflies in my stomach and not my crush? HA HA, i'm weird
Yang ni sedih ha ha RT twitterusername twitterusername tgk i give my first love to you. Citer jepun.
haiya so busy still want to talk to people but kena call big shot ha ha its oK
I managed to hack into my abang fb for the first. Die dpt tau mesti aku kene.......... HA HA
oh shit lmfao i forgot RT twitterusername Lmfao when twitterusername tried jumped on twitterusername ha ha sweg
??twitterusername Ashanti is at the #GRAMMYs. What is she doing there? LMAO.??? - she looked.. off? HA HA!!
Ha ha... Gonna be super busy and will be having fun managing my time with two jobs and school. Fun.
It's been a month or two im not contacting with a n y o n e. ha ha.
HA HA. "twitterusername Instead of saying LOL, I'm gonna say SALTS (Smiled A Little Then Stopped) It's more truthful."
Don't feel like going adventure cove next week i shall paitau all my friends ha ha seriously.
She ain't got time to do ha homewerk cause her an ha lil boyfriend wuz too busy goosin twitterusername
Huhuhu "twitterusername twitterusername tip top, well maintain,fully restored, accdnt free,lady owner ha ha mcm iklan nk jual lak"
I admit it was love at first selective mating with Mike. Ha ha! Not that he minds anyway.
what a boring day t0day.The muet is totally suck ha ha should be ai balik ahad not today
im nt that type of person.Too focus on studying read buat latihan ha ha can gila can die weh
What is the most interesting science? ??? Ha ha semuanya seronok kalau belajar & faham. For me, thats it twitterurl
To all who have not yet serve your 2 years of NS , good luck to you . Ha ha .
??twitterusername Which acit?! RT twitterusername Actually Acit can be my twinny lah by right. Ha ha.???you darl who else
Iyuh RT twitterusername Jelas lah , hA-HA "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername RTtwitterusername #SpikkQuestionss siapa temen lo yg paling narsis ?
Okay time to speed read life isn't all ha ha hee hee in the next few hours
your ex mesti tak guna kan..mesti you dah tak ingat ??? wht kind of questions is this ha ha twitterurl
lol cant wait till everyone leave this house so i can have my own private time ha ha
Will just be active on Twitter and blog. To whoever keen to read abt my boring life ha ha.
urg hope the army officer will come soon or tomorrow gnna use abang's phone fr time being ha ha
it's okay. im just gonna sit one corner and tell myself that ashton won't ever notice me. ha ah ha
You said you're not ready. Now become because I assume that's why don't want get back? Ha ha
Browsing through last year photos...hahaha..i just wonder when and how i grow fat. HA HA. twitterurl
when your ex trying to make you feel jealous with their new gf/bf. Ha Ha. #gmamp0s
Oh dear still up ha ha, night tweets. Remembering MoMo & MiMi. Dong Dong we want to visit you soon!
ok not exactly sweet for me ha ha my parents are up and you know what that means...
Hong kah sec gonna vs dunearn soccer? Dayummmmmmmmm I wanna see my bro play HA HA KIDDING
Singapore wants to petition Botanic Gardens as a twitterusername site but is destroying Bukit Brown. Ha ha nice try. twitterurl
"we will see you sooon... on our world tour.... wa ha ha." <<----- OMMFFGGG SOOO CUTE YOU ARE TIFFANY.
Idc you're my friend or whoever. If you unfollow me, i will do the same thing too. Ha ha.
ha-ha ibenk ih ! RT twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername #MentionTo your friend who is always absent on a test day."
Am seriously wasting too much time on people who don't even deserve it in the first place. Ha ha
How you little princess? ;) ??? Ha ha is this a joke..or are you one of my classmates twitterurl
2.4 on monday and i will just walk eventhough my teacher give me 12mins for 4 round Ha ha.
One without em! #ha #ha #i #was #bored #waiting #on #them #beautiful #i #am #tho #cant #touch #this?? twitterurl
Pasghah ke berseghah ni ha ha RT twitterusername Once a loner. Always a loner. Have a nightmare shitheads.
How old are you ??? i'm 19 and i know whatchu gonna say too young right ha ha twitterurl
??twitterusername so i was going into this glee channel in youtube, and surprisingly, it is not available anymore :'(??? HA HA!
ha lek bag wae RT twitterusername ha bapakne de'e RT bowoshp: he??pray for lik tamrin RT twitterusername (cont) twitterurl
Lol, sitting on the train floor like you own da place? Ha. Ha. How bout germs? noobs.
Fadzree has really low self esteem tht is y we r meant t be tgt HA HA tkde link
??twitterusername twitterusername I brought it specially for u babe. ;* from Italy. ???????????? ha ah ha go fuck yourself
my life is a joke and I'm tired of laughing at it HA HA get it. a joke
??twitterusername some people are not worth the fight anymore. they're worth fighting with instead HA HA??? diam sudah
Slipped in front of the guest just now on the staircase soooo embarrassing luckily it's Caucasian ha ah ha
F L A W L E S S !!!! Damn whoever gat ha .. Oowee I hope they treatn ha right !
The picture of you is so pretty. I wonder where you going and who you're going with ha ha..
Ha ha ok whatsapp! RT ??twitterusername "twitterusername Should i should i :-( twitterusername you dont say! see you tn babe :*???
Heading to town aft work nak but alone because I'm a rebel, soul rebel ha ha diam la han
Hope I can stand until 12am dating with you Mr-Notes-Only-Read-When-Final exam. Ha-Ha gtg
Impromptu run thru the beautiful & breezy Bishan park tonight! (HA HA twitterusername I went without you ??) twitterurl
Ha ha RT twitterusername ??twitterusername I refuse to believe that we're going down.??? believe it HAHAHAHAHA ok sorry
I'm waiting for that final moment,you say the words that I can't say ,lirik lagu bukan kode ha-ha
Now watching Dora the Explorer. I hate how it when Dora trying to be stupid -.- ha ha.
Yeah sure people judge. It's okay to do it discreetly but to cyber bully someone. HA HA, it's extremely shallow.
its kinda annoying when someone updating their status for every 5mins. ha ha, pls make a acc twitter ya. lol
Photo: ha-ha-hallacaust: be sure to follow me, i post a lot of cat gifs =^.^= twitterurl
Wth so cute sia.... RT twitterusername For fun only ha ha sorry so messy just came back from sch twitterurl
I did say earlier in relationship trust is a must key kunci mangga for everything.if n0t ha ha hancurlah segalanya
Cc fr ange but i m guessing she wont eat haha then i'll have both ha ha twitterurl
Showed brother the bride in black's face and he just reacted with "ala make up -.-" ha ha action
When i pair something 'simple' people say its not ha ha guys what r u wearing tmr
#0609 you very impatient ah tsk ha ha very friendly and cute at times. see you arnd soon! :-)
LOL! ????????????????????? RT twitterusername Ha Ha: the crime of being a smart aleck, always creating confusion between members twitterurl
yeap the last year's dye is back ha ha i did not dye it this year....... twitterurl
why be there for someone when u need someone they are just not there for u ha ha
U nt active at insta ah you.. post more photo la ??? ha ha no photo to post....... twitterurl
#PrevRT it depends on which situation you are in. It certainly does not apply to mine. Haha ha ha haaaaa ....
Just complete research abt one topic and look at the time. And today is report dateline. Ha ha
Ha ha tak lawak. I saw ur tweets. Everytime on my tl. Even I didn't follow you
If I die tomorrow, how many of you reading this would give the slightest fuck at all?? Ha ha.
Listening to lana del ray's songs what a unique voice,and sleepy too ha ha but i love her
whoa oh~~ indirect tweet to who?? :) ??twitterusername Ha ha shut up and suck thumb ke yi ma???
its funny how we r just side by side and yet we r tweeting to each other. ha ha
I heard she let ha boyfriend in da house when ha mama went ta shleepsh...  She was goosin twitterusername
Im no longer a kid anymore to play this game called 'geng tak geng'. Ha ha please lah.
Without internet, and there's only one pppppaaaaaattttthhhhhheeeeeettttttiiiiccccc tv. Yeap, drama means....... No movies to watch. HA HA.
Eh hem. RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitter doesn't allow me enough words to answer that ha ha !
Was hoping for a good laugh and all I get was HA HA instead of HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH LOL HAHAHAHA ??
That moment when someone you don't know asked you to follow them. Ha ha. "Kenape tak follow back?" :')
So my height is....170+++cm and my weight is 68kg. Ha ha. Weight gtg right now ah.
Vasantham is showing Dora The Explorer in tamil! Woah! And i'm watching it for yhe enthusiasm only ha ha!
iyo sitik RT twitterusername ha aku kok ora wok RT bowoshp: ha ngene kiye wong candiroto RT twitterusername (cont) twitterurl
i dont know whether to cry or laugh when someone ask me to party with them. ha ha. my God.
when I start to refer to myself in third person, you know shit is going down haha ha ha
Photo: ha-ha-hallacaust: Be sure to follow me, i post a lot of cat gifs. twitterurl
Orang ni muka macam kau ha ha for a second i thought u were working at mac hahaha twitterurl
i just realised that chinese comes in handy and i speak it better when im high AH HA HA twitterusername
If my parents know im in relationship rn while studying ha ha im dying inside outside cb
Common test is in like 10.5 hours and I still haven't got the feeling or urgency ha ha
Town have more things to walk and do bah ??? Ha ha nooooo it's boring to me :-((( twitterurl
Balik tidur pasal slept only for 30mins jes now ha ha might as well dont sleep siak
Seems like.... My running plan failed due to the fact that am still wide awake ha ha
Still tkleh accept the fact tht im shorter than my adik eventho i pakai heels ha ha twitterusername twitterurl
"I dont listen to malay songs, only english songs" HA HA. Okay. But your ic malay kan?
i think i'm going to get my injections today ha
Actionable per se. Ha contoh case ini apa dah ?
Ha I can see with both of my eyes ! Whooooop
See Dad In My Phone. Ha Thats Funny. ??
Seriously ah... Why stupid people use smart phone ha ? ! ? ! Heh
??twitterusername gala boy menghilang pfft??? what you want ha
Getting drunk calls be funny as hell low key ha!
Don't worry bout me texting u .. finish texting ha
Lol that's just how she do with ha bipolar ass!
Ha , im getting fat from thinking . I over think . twitterurl
That's it. I'm done. There's no mood left. Ha.
Taxi taxi ,the guy character call Jonah Xp ha
omg ha dong hoon you horny bastard LOL
Yeayeayea.. Pd chatting each other ha ? Hoho.. *emak" twitterusername
Ha , ytd too epic hur . Dk who press call away:-)
Everybody is talking about fall out boy ha
She toot ha ass up purposely while cuddling guys
Ni ha twitterusername RT twitterusername Hai liverpool. Liverpool mana liverpool?
Still got prelims ltr. Wish me good job. Ha
I meant not your fam your child . Ha
Says the not even 16 year old HA. Oh my.
why do i keep on getting scold ha
dasar acid... "twitterusername Wkwkwk... RT twitterusername ha...chim! "twitterusername Ji......."
No problem ! twitterusername twitterusername thanks dok ah ha"
"twitterusername Havent ate breakfast and lunch hahah ha"
Crazy Kids (feat. twitterurl - Ke$ha #nowplaying twitterurl
& his date urkin me Imma have to smack ha
kanye west with his "HA!",big sean with his "boy"
What's wrong with me? Ha? twitterusername Happy day happy life :)
re-insta twitterusername hehehe team ha! ??????? faiththaw twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Catching up WIN yesterday night... ha... Bobby bobby... ???????????????????????? so funny
Katy and Ke$ha looks amazing on #AMAs red carpet!
What a joke , a mother effing joke HA
Malaysia bans Ke$ha concert over religious fears twitterurl
I'm gonna be on it one day ha
Ha That's Not Going To Be A Good Thing!
wah super lazy to wear uniform please still tireddddd ha
bitches I ain't going to school tomorrow HA
ON REPLAY!!  #nowplaying Pitbul feat. Ke$ha~ TIMBER
HAHAAA td pacar lo ngeliatin gue HA ??? oh twitterurl
It'd be great to see you daily tho ha
Going for night jog today cos i've gained weight............HA
ha"twitterusername bc/sms dari provider itu php banget hem :''"
Cny period pia leave sleep at home. Ha.
Fucking judgmental people should just kill yourself! Ha!
ha i lost my appetite after waiting 5 hours
Puss in boots ? Heard of fish without scales ? Ha ah !
[TNP] Ke$ha drinks her pee in upcoming documentary twitterurl
Screwed for d&t. Didn't even do finish anything ha.
Ah Ha Bitch! I Got It To Start!
Ha my darn morning has been made (: whoooop
Though he still sucks at giving surprises. Ha!
Ke$ha - Die Young (Official): twitterurl via twitterusername
That lil phone call was cute "nawfside taper" ha
Or Got One Before He Did? Ha Idk
HA! Wapi twitterusername He should see this ----> twitterurl \
im laughing at u if yall have school tmr hA
Ha Dong Hoon or we can call it as Haha.
ha cause of a fucking blue book & phone.
(yahoo) #FreeMyInternet ??? Why the big hoo-ha? twitterurl
Can you open up your eyes bigger ha twitterurl
Ha dong hoon is coming to singapore! ?????? twitterusername
A-ha , John travolta, The Police dulu handsome2 eh
Lmao @ Bree & ha choice of words ! I be rolling & uoeno
Ha Ji Won received psychiatric treatment after filming horror movie\
she got ha own cash she'on need yo broke ass !
Timber / Counting Stars MASHUP (Ke$ha/OneRepublic) - Sam Tsui twitterurl
What if one day, I wore boots to school HA
Guess what I got today!? New Archie comics! Ha! xP
Morninggggg ?? Timber (feat. Ke$ha) by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
ha. (at Navelle Medical Aesthetic & Anti Aging Clinic) ??? twitterurl
Timber / Counting Stars MASHUP (Ke$ha/OneRepublic) - Sam Tsui: twitterurl
Rasa mcm nk cencium wallpaper phone ni ha. Hahaha
im not even in that group aha ha
Anybody seen the waitress?..tell ha bring more liquor..
i actually teared along w soo ha fuck omg
Tomorrow then see la. Good night, those who bother. Ha.
Eating macdonald's again.......that's 3 times this week HA
#nowplaying Ke$ha - Dancing with tears in my eyes
Malaysia bans Ke$ha concert over religious, cultural fears.\
132 RT twitterusername Alaaa super spontan what channel ha lol
YES! Watching ah boys to men now! yeah ha!
Been tumblr ing since just now. Ha ok srsly goodnight.
So mothafucking true ???????? ??twitterusername ??twitterusername ??twitterusername ha twitterurl
Enjoying Ha??gen Dazs in Shanghai now~! twitterurl
Okay ripped off sounds scary ha k goodnight guys!
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Ke$ha - C'Mon
I can't control my anger . Why ha -.-t
You change. I change. Oh. Ha? What? Okay. No one .
What are you wearing right now??? ??? Pajamas ha twitterurl
[Y!] COMMENT: #FreeMyInternet ??? Why the big hoo-ha? twitterurl
i really ought to get off tumblr ha
Listening to ??We R Who We R??? by Ke$ha ??
By shopping I mean shopping for food HA
doing some random rants on my other account :) ha. ????
Next: star trek. And coboy junior the movie ha!
Ke$ha is a messy, hot babe!!! Woot!!!
nothing shittier than spending your saturday night alone #ha
"A lot of red paint, Martin." HA #F1
HA???? Yonghwa not going to act in HEIRS!!! WHY??
Smiling hard !!!! Dets my boo !!!! Krazy bout ha uglasz
Trying to make us sick during exam? Ha smurf? Poof
My hate for guys is growing bigger ha.
Malaysia bans Ke$ha concert over religious, cultural fears twitterurl
Ha....I'm so stubborn its not even funny....
Good thing my feelings for you is fading ha.
Ah HA! Tats for using my tings without any warning.. :>
Im going to study now ha bye twitterurl
I've been eating free durians every years ha
She got ha shit together so I respect her more
Dis girl lucky ion wanna stop fukkin wit ha
"I got Rachel! Which twitterurl  via twitterusername HA!
Broke my record yesterday. Slept at 7pm. Ha xD
??twitterusername the only boyfriend i could ask for , ha. twitterurl
"twitterusername Microorganisms are cuter when I draw them ha twitterurl
Ms. Garza Be Tripping W/ Ha bitch Ass
Getting used to being boring to people ha
Tak follow tapi "retweeted your retweet", ha stalk eh.
Ni ha cousin yg anti social tu twitterurl
??twitterusername ??twitterusername ??twitterusername ha no one appreciates me?????????
Tell that bitch she crazy fuck wrong wit ha
Ha forget it. Not worth over my sleep
Announcing a #LiveChat With Disqus Founder Daniel Ha twitterurl twitterusername
Im scared .. Ha when i became so weak ..
ha ah memang Johorean don't give a shit
, take ha to tha room &' yall could make ah marathon
Coming soon: star trek. And coboy junior the movie ha!
tha la slim fee take dick all in ha spine ??
Ha! RT twitterusername Dating or not.. you???re still mine.
Ha, so this is how you see me now.
Girls loves confidence? Hah aha ha a h
"twitterusername HA yaa longlast trs,keep romantic!:D twitterusername twitterusername
What do we call 'orang lidi' in english ha?
My Sister Getting On My Nerves Wit Ha Ass.
HA! Something Americans do that Asians can't! Sing!!!
ha. no. pce the fuck out bio 11 ? #done #giveup
Looking for some trouble tonight.. *ala ala Ke$ha* :p
Rasyid's birthday coming . HA! And just unleash his secret .
HAHAHA special training for baby beel HA HAH HAH HAAHAH
Ill shoot a btch dead n ha sht rite nowww
ha, my boyfriend is buying for me Our Moment!!!11!!!!\
#nowplaying 3OH!3 Feat. Ke$ha - My first kiss
Miley doing ha thang but my darling is terrible.
finally done w bilateral relations ((shortest part ha))
Hookah Bar Is Slowly Becoming A Strip Club. Ha
am i the only one who's hungry ha
keep on ignoring me ha? ok. lets the game on!
?? twitterurl Ha Min Woo...MEDIATING???!! Kwanghee trying not to laugh
twitterurl Ha Min Woo - The Futuristic Warrior twitterusername twitterusername
Plan to finish all homework by Wednesday in operation ha
i feel as if im annoying people ha
deleting all of my contacts just to prevent duplicates ha
twitterurl rebellious but cute teenager - Ha Min Woo twitterusername twitterusername
KL CHRONICLE: #PrayForMH370 : FBI Denies Malaysian Government Ha... twitterurl twitterusername
Got to get Bad Samaritans by Ha-Joon Chang
A lot of hoo-ha for that celebration..\
Watching old movies. It never gets old. HA.
Early in the morning playing gta ha hahaha
We take aroundthe same time ha thats cute
Something about her prolly knt live without ha ..
ha wait i'm gonna request something from this guy
Remember that meeting I was stressing about? Ha, didn't happen.
Last match before i off com was good. Ha
Iont like Smiley....ima drop ha...she know hha name
I'm trolling this asshole. HA. You deserve it.
Ha ! You Need A Blunt & I Got Plenty ??
#HaHaFacts Real name: Ha Dong Hoon. (???/???). Stage Name: HAHA.
Am writing a "What would make me happy" list. Ha.
Listening to - Ke$ha ~~ Blow #nowplaying on iTunes
Gila punya exhausted ni! Where to go ha esok?
And I see ole girl ain't on ha shit
And ...it's a vending machine for gold. Ha! twitterurl
its not my birthday hA lol jk it is
Like climbing up the stairs with roller skates ha #ChicserFansVsDirectioners
Ha this Sat got the salsa shoot I forgot.
#nowplaying Ke$ha - Die Young (Lyric Video) by (null) twitterurl
eh funny sia ha RT "twitterusername Firdaus is a dog."
I'm NEVER letn ha borrow my car again !!!
boys arguing over football is so funny ha
krystal's ig bio is now capslocked. ha twitterurl
They finally let me hit and ionly missed onee HA!
What is going on w maxis ha? Ugh F
Sweet yellow bone , I kal ha honey mustard !!
[Y!] #FreeMyInternet ??? Why the big hoo-ha? twitterurl
Wat dnt kill only killing ur ass ha!!!!!
Ha, imagine her having to apologize to me IN SITU.\
"Oh im used to ppl taking advantage of me ha"
Yup HA " twitterusername twitterusername woo drink again sibo "
I ha clothes out like I was going somewhere
Bro & Dad up watching the match hahahhhhhh. ha.
why is ke$ha not stopping by her?
I wanna really really really wanna zigazig ha.
Don't impress me much bitch! How fuck are you ha?
Is ha sun and zoe the same personnn
Push me.. I cut u off frm ur bf.. HA!
"twitterusername A B52 carrying 2 D21 drones twitterurl Ha! WOW!
Wes Bentley > Zachary Quinto. Ha bentley menang ily
Not a single fuck is given. Ha! Gayyyyy
just not my morning ha fuck everything chibai
Keep showing your love and support to the HA Family??? ????????????????????
Sometimes. I'm tired of being nice. Ha fuck you
psh ha i rather jump off my balcony
twitterurl TiRed singlet Ha Minwoo photo bombed by Jung Heecheol
then again I'm always complaining about the weather ha
Don't ever text me then not text back. Ha tf
KEEP IT IN A BOX AND LOCK IT, THEN TAKE A PIC PRINT IT PUT IN ON YOUR LOCKET. yay dumb rhyme. everything's going down from here on ha ha ha.
im always here for anyone i gave random text to those who r feeling down but when it comes to me.......ha ha ha i text myself la kan
Now I'm so scared to go cafe to buy things, what if later... They ask me to go back work on the day I don't feel like working ha ha ha
i hear a child crying and it is v scary when you're the only one awake ha ha ha kmn....... (why i should NOT watch horror but still do anw)
The whole night I stayed up to finished mixing for twitterusername 's Royal cover, with add-on rap I wrote for 8 bars ha ha ha. time to sleep
my mom wants to clean out my room on Monday but joke's on her because I was going to clean out every inch of my room this weekend ha ha ha
People look at my bio and might think i hv a boyfriend ha ha ha thx bt no i dont sad huh dnt be cus i m nt sad :-) :-) :-) :-)
but i really wish you would've at least wished me happy birthday. oh well guess i'm not the special of a friend to you after all. ha ha ha
so idk why must you be so insecure when i'm totally in love with my boyfriend lol and not yours ha ha ha i dont get it i dont get it
the starting of this song makes me stuck and hesitate me from changing to another song n as it goes on, it gets better ha ha ha play on n on
oh so you attend school with another layer of bb cream on your face lol r u out of your mind or your face really cannot make it ha ha ha
Lol like srsly I was abt to follow you but then you asked me to follow back ha ha ha sorry I dont take orders from strangers ok so cancel
through what i see lah kan,you such a jerk&pervert.All the gals u want to try ha ha ha u think ur the handsome guy in the world lol
now u just BREATHE.... breathing same air as INFINITE~~ RT twitterusername ha-ha i cant believe that infinite is in jakarta XD
300+a soda + ticket back home QT twitterusername ha ha! RT: twitterusername Hw much were this niggas paid to attend this jubilee ralie @ uhuru park.
Because let me tell you, once the Indian & Chinese leave Malaysia, & Borneo declares independence, let???s see how those Malays run it HA HA.
Actually im just too insecure with my legs to wear skirt. Ha ha. I would rather wear pants and feel comfortable.
Then when you both get married nak cakap apa? "Sayang sorry I balik lewat harini, nak enjoy" mcm tu? Ha ha. Whatever weh.
do not blame me if I'm nt gonna text you&call you after this bcs I don't have credit ha ha nt funny
chill. the world isnt always about you man. plus my mother is close to majority of my ex's so it's not always about him. ha ha
IK agrees he might have made mistakes in giving out tickets. Ha! This vs the rest. Ha. Even if loses, won't have any regrets voting 4 him.
Excited to stdy againnn. Bcause i'm tired of doing nothing i wish i can do my siblings' homework i wish i can hafal2 4 them haha ha ha...
ha ha make me depressed and you'll see me finish a whole pack within a day and also in the hospital
Whoops ha ha I rectified my mistake!!!!! RT twitterusername omfg PROORITEIS fitriah learn how to spell what are you even on
Singing one direction's what makes you beautiful the ha haha haha ha version outloud with my sister because we cool like that
??twitterusername #np Demi & Naya (Glee) - Here Comes The Sun??? eh kita mcm fated we listening to the same thing.... Sweet kan ha ha
to be honest,when some malaysian gal with jawa face&dress up like american wearing short&sleeveles shirt ha ha totally fashion disaster sial
You know that heart breaking moment when you wanted to go somewhere with someone special but in the end they went with someone else :')HA HA
It's been quite awhile since participating in this thing..... Should i, or should i not? Or should i just be the team manager? Ha.. Ha......
"twitterusername so me and zaberry won't be going for band camp ha ha i dont want my juniors to suffer" why :(
Wanie please eh pack for nona oso. Takkan wanie makan nona nak tengok je? Fillet o fish 1, double chz 1, mcdeluxe 1, quartr pounder 1. Ha ha
Jangan teruja sangat Fagha. Perlis is super boring state. Ha ha you will feel high to fly back and leave perlis after a day stay. trust mi!
Heading home to get some well deserve rest! Will be nice tonight & give Jack a good message before he goes to sleep! Ha ha
you have your own life.Ai got mine.can you please stop texting me "ai rindu you hmmm" & u expect me to reply ha ha buto
Ha ha RT twitterusername The word "swag" was invented in the 1960's by a group of gay men in Hollywood, which means, "Secretly, we are gay"!
I felt really unproductive after being on youtube for hours so I'm going grocery shopping to make myself feel better ha ha #auntie
Damn seeing this ite couple kissing in the train.......and we all like....looking at them ha ha. Pls get a room.
yeah my own bestfriend already putus kawan with me ha ha just bcs im asking him where he work&he wont answer&i forced him&he dislike
Ha-ha worse "twitterusername Second chances doesn't always mean a happy ending, Sometimes, it's just another shot to end things better.
No longer using maxis it costs me so much and so i gave it to my 10 year old sis hope she's happy ha ha.
If you could change your skin color to anything outside of the natural palette of... ??? ha. haha. ha. red ah. deviil twitterurl
Why Gikwang so cute today sigh his eyes so small so cute his smile his perfect teeth his hair black like mine yay ha ha
Wanted to go for a night jog but lupa, for some reason i can't. :( its okay. Darah tengah manis. Ha ha
Maybe if I'm treated like this long enough I'll grow an immunity against feeling like poop. Sounds like a plan, huh? Ha ha. ???
hah this riot will go on sg history uh, having it on social studies textbook ha ha but not an event to be proud of
Excited for USS? Ha ha you cannot run, we will make y... ??? EHHH KIMICEEE.. nooo pleaseee.. OMG.. I rather take t... twitterurl
Hahahaha who is guanfuh? Your boyfriend? ??? Ha ah ha. No. My friend from part time job now we're in the same sch. twitterurl
idc imma bring u to the place, make u eat it and make sure u like it like as much as i do. ha ha
made me even paiseh la when he kept smiling to himself tsk i guess my head was swinging from left to right ha ha fml
TED: Young-ha Kim: Be an artist, right now! - Young-ha Kim (2010): Why do we ever stop playing ... twitterurl #Worthy #Verdyyy
I dont mind when people unfollow me. I have never force anyone to follow me..its YOU that decided to follow me..ha ha.
So this is what I get after you get tired of making use of me? You'll get your karma. Watch out HA HA
Imagine kalau all my twitter friends semua tinggal satu rumah. Hahahah habis semua busy tweeting 24/7 and tweet about each other ha ha.
Ha ha just got approach by a very young cute pri sch boy at the food court to ask me to return the trays...
Bodoh punya cina. RT "twitterusername Announcing M'sia's latest currency : A Bangklasia money. This is Good joke to be shared. Ha! Ha!"
I want a nemo and dory. And I'll get a huge coral and sing "SHARKBAIT OOO HA HA" all day long
"twitterusername when teachers talk im all : shut up no go away dont talk to me oh ha ha hilarious fuck off ya k shut up"
Tinking I sld juz scream for SAKAI loud loud and pass him my present.. I dunnoe wad to do.. HA HA!
see the guy eat ciggarete at breakfast ha ha bcs they think makan nasi lemak&teh tarik are too mainstream bingai
doctor for kid canlah.doctor for serious injuries like jubor terkoyak&siku tertanggal&mulut tercarik ha ha totally not me for sure
Maza make me laugh to the phone when her same message come into my phone for sixteen time. The SAME message, SIXTEEN timeeeee! Ha ha
No longer using maxis it cost me so much and so i gave it to my 10 year old sis hope she's happy ha ha.
When a gal started not to layan you&less care bout you&no call&no text&ignoring you ha ha yap she act asks for a break off
Aiya also can predict you confirm go guy house one ah ha ha sorry no offense just stating the facts. You make me fucking hate you now.
when have a boyfriend,ofclah you want the best frm him.You want him to keep in touch everyday,calling&texting asking the same question ha ha
"Set aside max. 5 mins to read the following passage and answer questions 14-26". 5 mins. Ha ha, don't joke like that twitterurl
Yet I still hold on to the hope that someday someone will love me the same way I love him. (ha, ha.)
Need more sleep but i know i can't. So lets pray subuh and exercise. Hope i dun jogging with closed eyes ha ha
Your pattern ah? I see until sian lo. Want stab me from the back? I stab you in your fucking face ha ha
Rmb that time I performed a love song for you ha ha I should have sang WEEEE ARE NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER GETTING BACK TGT
you're not?? hm wow not bad! but if he is just your s... ??? Ha ha. Umm just tell me who is that person you're ref... twitterurl
This Ariana and Jai thing is really um wow ha ha but I'm siding with Jai????? Idk tho I totally hate it when people cheat????
Okay delena shippers might be taking it too far. Stefan is drowning FFS stop celebrating and condemning Stelana so much ha ha
"twitterusername "twitterusername Was having my  nap and when i woke up i thought im already late for school" ha ha bodoh" awwwww
Ha ha! so much of your lying ah. tell me why shd i believe you when everything you say seems like a lie to me
Sometimes I don't like Twitter cos people are sad here, and they get others caring about them... but then there's me. Ha ha.
Selfie time~ yes I know my face like shit but must be jakun no matter what you know ha ha twitterurl
I hope vanessa and zac will get back together after hsm4 ha ha but vanessa and austin are still good tho just not as good as zac & vanessa
Thank you Chelsea!!! For once... Yes, coming from a Man United fan. U mad? I don't give a fuuuuuck!!! HA HA!!!
at age of 19 aje, pergi mane2 jemputan my parents will give me money to give mak pengantin -.-' grr. no money = no berkat. ha ha.
Seriously ha ha ??twitterusername Rahul Gandhi should marry a hindi film actress that alone could ensure Congress win in 2014 #political marketing???
Why my nuffnang so kental? Only have $37.74 ha ha. Its been ages. Ya lah i know im a famous blogger hahha K. twitterurl
Ha ha plan so much, why should I be so sure about this? Probably just another "disappointment", and I'll be back where I am stuck at.
Want have a tem job to earn some money before school reopens for me but I'm too lazy to find one. HA. HA.
Word of advice for you young newly diagnosed pozboys out there. Still want to date a HIV negative boy? Ha ha good luck. Love, Jaded Queen.
lol ha ha this ??twitterusername #Scorpio are those people you can always count on to show up with wet hair no matter how formal the event.???
Im a puteri lilin. Tak boleh kena panas and im serious about it. I will always bring my hand fan with me. Ha ha!
Been sitting down on the first row in photo taking ever since I was primary 1..... till now........... HA HA twitterurl
ha ha twitterusername SDA's Desmond Lim asks a resident if she knows him. Her reply: "Yes, the one with no money." Lim laughs #PunggolEast
And sighs, don't think I'll be able to party in all the states I'm visiting. Not enough weekends, ha-ha. Weekday go club sure waste money.
Ha ha hinting at other party? RT twitterusername Lee Li Lian: We will ensure a smooth handover. It is our first priority. #punggoleast
I cant sleep because im hungry. But i will be fat if i eat at this hour and i will die of hunger later. HA HA.
Lmmfao ! She think I'm putn them thoughts in ha head ! Mane dets uh grown mf wit ha own mind !! If anything I'm tryna keep yall 2getha !! Tf
Someone on fb just said i jual mahal becos he failed to get my number or ask me out for a date. Seriously? HA HA
but if i was famous i would make a secret account and then see if ppl still liked me if they didnt know who i was ha ha
ha ha im pretty sure those people who r talking shit a... ??? Yeah. I was confused when the person was all like "we." twitterurl
I'd love to see em try ha ha RT twitterusername For the women, here's some basic knowledge of how to fight down a guy twitterurl
That moment when someone gave an excuse and all you can do is :-) :-) :-)  when you're cursing so much inside ha ha
during my free time id stalk those beauties in both instag and twtr then just feel my self esteem buries itself 7feeplt down to earth ha ha
during my free time id stalk those beauties in both instag and twtr then just feel my self esteem buries itself 7feet down to earth ha ha
I know you're talking bad about me. And i know you're just being fake in front of me & you thought that i never know everything. Ha ha Lame!
??twitterusername "twitterusername Eh era trying to insult Johor ha ha you are totally wrong tho bingai"twitterusername bingai tho kau ni??? dia takkan reply
Oh! Nice doh! ha ha RT twitterusername brand Keep It Legit hahaha RT twitterusername Lupa tanya Nice Doh tu label sapa? Spoof Play-Doh.
Kalau nak bilang my sister about my problems...hmm neh. She is too young. 13 y/o? Ha ha. Forget it.
"twitterusername twitterusername that embrassing moment when I engage the lady on clansewe Avi thinking that he is a she ha ha" khekhekhe cc twitterusername
This British couple said to me "thanks have fun! Oh wait you won't hah hah but we will!" Ha ha did ur ancestors buy Singapore with that wit.
Looking bck at the photos made me realised how fast 5 years has passed and i only earned myself a higher nitec cert, so far. Ha ha
If I kud jus quietly walk up behind her , softly breathe on ha neck n ear , wrap my arms around ha tight & close my eyes #EmbraceThatMoment
i just realised that chinese comes in handy and i speak it better when im high AH HA HA twitterusername twitterusername
Not all my friends are nice to me.Even they said "baiknyew kau" ha ha they are seemed pura-pura baik just bcs diorang nak minta tolong
"twitterusername i'm baffled. if you're ugly and you call someone your 'twin', aren't you indirectly calling them ugly too? ha ha pls" HAHAHA
those ppl we called them as "3rd group yeye cam bagus bodoh" ken0t see other ppl gain lots of rt ha ha jealous ppl everywhere
being broke n still making deals w carousellers HA HA jokes on me but dont worry i'll pay, just need time
Ah that big baby boy wanna fight with me during the match. Even a plankton dick can punch harder than you. Ha ha
Just watched one korean movie by Ha Ha that's aired 2006 LOL super long ago but it's really a nice movie ;')
some people think it's ok to give an insensitive remark and thinking like "oh, it's my mouth. i can say whatever i want to"  ha ha
What was the last thing you ate? ??? Cup noodles in the morning and till now im drinking coke. Ha ha... twitterurl
You're a trained counsellor?? HA FREAKING HA. lol so can I come and tell u abt this annoying teacher who insults students?
"twitterusername twitterusername you took out then can still put back meh? ??" not putting it back lest i get infected ha ha
Menyampah! Ha ha RT twitterusername First time fafa tak habis makan. We're so terribly full and we can't even take even a tiny bite anymore.
Was taken to school by twitterusername just now. Showing me videos of some of the top drummers and keyboardists in the world. Ha ha.
Give me one round of applause. MacBook spoilt. + both iPhone 5 cables decide to spoil today as well. Ha ha now my phone is dying
Whatever whatever whatever. Told you already, at all times he is a fucker boy. Should change his name on my phone alrd ha ha
"twitterusername You should see my face cramped up eating tomatoes. Ha ha. I dislike tomatoe so much. TAT" we're in the same boat >.<
Moment when Jaja wanna said conjuring, but then it suddenly changed become conjugation. Betul sasul eh Ja. Ke maths terus pergi nya. Ha ha!
Apparently i only have 6 songs i my phone and 4 songs consist of Justin Bieber. HA HA fml what am i doing.
le genius fangirl aka me forgot to buy double sided tape to do her fangirl shit : ) now I can't do anything ha ha
So i eventually let out some emotions on my blog. Ha ha. Yes SOME. Its okay if you dont feel me, someone will.
RT twitterusername "We're proud to announce you can now download OTHER web browsers for your iphone! Ha ha! Just kidding HERE'S SAFARI AGAIN! ...
Singaporeans are not having enough kids? K channelnewsasia k.................. so overcrowded already liao laaaaaaaa he he hu hu ha ha haaaa
Ha ha I should look out at livescape's update not future music festival's updates. Kan dah got the wrong number T_T
Multiracial country but the most basic foundation of a country which is the education system caters only one race. Ha ha
"twitterusername : haha.lelaki in kemeja kotak2 more style" nowdays world having too many men in square shirt. Too trending. Not my type ha ha
Yeah they call me Ayu or ayuni or wtv that has got to do with my middle name ha ha haaa
he said "maknae kkukie made michael hyung like this.. it's like a barbie doll" HA HA HAHAHAHA OH GOD JEONGGUK? PLS? STOP?
??twitterusername ??twitterusername half of me is you.half of you is not me ha ha suck cibai??? :,,,,,,,,,)haha baik tak gambar bontot ? Haha rabak tho
You are my bestfriend(dulu punya cerita) now your not bcs your attitudes are suck&gues what ha ha i dont like u&i pretend like ai do.
naw 13 miss calls and 50 texts from him bcs i was isolating myself yesterday ha ha hais, gosh i love you
Have always looked forward to weekends when I was a kid cuz I got to play with them ah ha ha
my dad is getting mad bcs his children keep on playing with phone rather than sitting outside&watching tv ha ha SCH HOLIDAY MAN
Your friend is happy with her life now? Ha ha very soon... ??? Wah twitterusername some anon concern about you leh lolol twitterurl
You know that heart breaking moment when you wanted go somewhere with someone special but in the end they went with someone else. :') HA HA.
one month I'm leaving jb&guess what angsana already have secret recipe&chatime&so many new shops open ha ha I'm a lame
Fuck you ??racial hygiene??? fuck you Great Brittania. Now you pay for your sins of colonialism with immigration & multiculturalism Ha Ha!
Psycho dude just texted me happy Venstines Day after a text saying I owe him $$$. Talk about conflicted interests! Ha ha!
I actually miss going for my therapy sessions. HA HA. If it wasnt for school and money, ive already gone thr everyday.
never received any bouquet of flowers but i actually wanted to have one someday ill end up buying them for myself ha ha sadlyf3
"twitterusername Craving for lots of things but dont have anyone for me to eat with hah" this as always ha ha
You know you're in deep shit when you're having constipation for 3 days. Haha the irony. Shit.. Constipation.. Get it? Ha ha funny man
ha ha that one day i woke up and the first thing that came to my mind and came out of my mouth was "oh shit.. prelims?????"
Ai yawa, Chris pia wewe? QT twitterusername ??twitterusername ClanSewe did you just tweet "mornings" gents? Sorry then we can't be friends..???- ha ha
the answer is no. because everyone now go for looks first. Then blaming god/fate for making a mistake. ha ha
Woah i didn't realize Kovan Sports Centre mentioned me. And even said my fever is going.. Ha ha. 'Gone' la sangattt
Kau mmg pemalas!!! ??twitterusername haha i dont mind doing it again but the thoughts of staying back for remedials ha ha LUPAKAN SAHAJA???
You can tell me the truth and tell me what's wrong. I can see you're acting funny and not in the funny ha-ha way okay?
I think twitterusername put his twitter in washing machine since 9th January. Ignorance is bliss..ha ha. But we hope he is well. #Love
Lek ah i havent go in NS yet sia RT twitterusername I miss you alr how is this even possible ha ha....
My hair dont have any styles. I dont do parting. Its self-parting naturally. Ha ha. Its kinda boring but....its okay.
Ur the one who tell everyone bout ur bbpin through twitter&when someone add you ha ha u simply asked 'mana dapat pin nih?' AN IDIOT
Know me for awhile&u judging me said 'baiknya miraa' ha ha that are all bullshit saying&idgaf&never trust a word
Everytime in school and when some people saw me...i heard their conversation "tinggi pe sia dekni" ha ha. Is that a compliment? Hahaha okay.
And mana fucker boy ni dari tadi tak reply whatsapp? I think he merajuk bcause I ask people to derma him $10 ha ha dont care
Look twitterusername "twitterusername "twitterusername Ameerah is the realist female I know, I'd fuck" foh with them de ha De ha Muslim ass names"
This week my cousin getting married. In 4 months time, my another cousin getting married. Kebanyakan semua cousins dah kahwin!!!! Me? Ha ha
jyeah nights chiao sch tmrw sigh yp siak nnt sekola mak kau lah ha ha k sorry *random thoughts* have to belajar all out!!
if or only if I marry with my own bestfriend soon ha ha idk if we can still be a bestfriend after your divorce me.
mineral water always seems to taste better after a night of drinking maybe it's a just me thing ha ha wbd
nt good tho you smoking front of gals with the smoke over your first ha ha u think gal will likes that?&falling in love with you?
If ai still hv nenek,i will make sure that i always accompany her pi pasor pagi-pagi wearing baju kelawar&tudung bawal ha ha cute tho
im deadly mad when im having a conversation with someone&talk talk talk&suddeny that someone missing in action ha ha cb
Before ending the day, ha ha heres to my mate right here. hope u enjoyed your day. happy 19th #roxy?? twitterurl
Okay la wake up la ive been stalking people on ig see whos pics they like ha ha diam they have a following sectn for a reason
Home > dinner > dads. Awesome show with cute Asian chick and irritating dads. HA HA. And maybe a cute short Caucasian guy.
#14 pretty & sweet girl ha ha wah very long never see you already ah! heh you and your bf damn sweet, last long!! ^_^ see u arnd soon!
DAP buat political satire its funny ha, other people buat Political satire on DAP tak bole ha? What happened 2 DAP coveted freedom of speech
HA HA, so what if i lose my father to you . He doesnt seem to be mine plz feel free to leave this hse w him oh??????
Ha ha! QT twitterusername There was a species of fly named after Beyonc?? because it has a big golden butt -- It???s called the Bootylicious Fly.
Admit it. We something laugh at our own jokes when there's no one around. And you go like. "Heh. I'm funny. Someone date me please. Ha ha "
haven't gone to sch for 5 days and i'm already slackly as if it's the holidays{ha ha even if it is, no hols 4 me this year}
Here's a pic of bapak2 lg cabut bulu hidung HA HA and btw i took this pic 2 days ago lol #1000waystodie twitterurl
Ade org pregnant diri exactly depan i then im seated at the two seater one then i offered her then kene reject ha ha
Thank u Chelsea, for once!!! Yup, coming from a Man U fan. U mad Pool fans? I don't give a fuuuckkk!!! HA HA!!!
Indonesia forest data confusing: 25m ha degraded land classified as forest, 15m ha forest classified as non-forest-REDD+ chief Heru Prasetyo
Qua Nasty I'm Telling Y'all Ha Sex Tape Would Be Dope .
"She know i fuck with ha. But she know what come with a hustla"
Lost my formspring acc which i had since 2-3 years ago ha lol
Alltop RSS > Vietnam: Vong Vieng island, Ha Long Vietnam twitterurl #photography
If I had a Korean name it would be Kim Jong HA. ......... Ok. It was lame.
If I had a Korean name it would be Kim Jong HA. ......... Ok. That was lame.
Have yet to finish cleaning up the room yet i started w mails ha haaaaa
Ha! :-) ??twitterusername PML-N, JI agree on seat adjustmentin Khyber Pakhtunkhwa twitterurl via twitterusername
I don't understand which one you want. Don't be greedy please. Ha
si bodoh ni tak reti caps lock off ke ha.. cc: twitterusername
Singapore Polytechnic to train Indonesian universities in engineering framework: Singapore Polytechnic (SP) ha... twitterurl
that satisfaction when see SD grabbed his hair like that ha
Ha! Last question, will my girlfriend allow me to DRINK!? :O
I'm the one who take her in when you dump ha in the street! Haha
twitterusername : Apple Officials Said to Consider Stake in Twitter - New York Times: Hot Ha... twitterurl AsiaClassifiedToday
...*jumps from bed like a ninja, takes a fighting stance*... Ha! Morning my imaginary family. \
Pic?artis?ha,yg mane?haha RT twitterusername twitterusername ske pic artis yg ni
Lmmfao !! Krazy asz racing nshxt smh .. gone be visiting ha asz in d hospital !! Lil Boi
A HA! You could not hold it like Mama "G".... Gotchaaa QT twitterusername ClanSewe mssssccchhheeewwww
"twitterusername i want a boyfriend like justin. he loves selena so much ha twitterurl
Ok fuck it I refuse to make the first move HA.
Eventhough i have lost 3kg last month, i still look fat. Ha.
Afternoon everyone ! Raining all day long . What a good feeling ha ! ;D
Dig a hole to cover another hole. Ha. That's what I did.
I know u bit your lip while watching Justin makin out with that mannequin ha
Cant forget whut i said to all thosecher . Allthose harsh words . Ha
??twitterusername Siwon and actor Ha Jung Woo become the faces of ???Audi??? twitterurl
Exactly 5 days till I see twitterusername eek!!:D #reasonstoloveconcerts ;) ha
everyone thinks im gonna hit tweetlimit again HA not gonna happen
Ha ape kau nak ? RT twitterusername Psssttt pssttt hey u. Look at me please..
Ano ba yung last tweet ha. I was hacked obviously hahaha
Sat goin hougang . Ha . I can emo at ahma sis hse edi:') .
22 by taylor swift reminds me of Ke$ha for some reason hahaha
Calling a stranger pretty.... Ha, you tell me isn't that the starting to flirt ?
Pop and commissioning today ha... Wish I could say where got time ??
Ha sebelum tu #oblivion was not bad. Worth it your money to buy the tic :D
aww, setting a tracking device to protect the girl. Soo Ha ??? :') ??????? ????????? ????????? ?????
Ah ha! "twitterusername #Libra females tend to look younger than their age."
i'm just gonna listen to fob and cry about how useless i am ha
I cant concentrate on my work someone need to calm me down ok ha
??twitterusername Now performance bunkface :D twitterusername your crush :p??? ha who?
saw Erykah Badu ass today & was like damnnnn lol shawtyy got a ass on ha
"twitterusername Apple's word processor, spreadsheet and presentation package are now??Web services |??twitterurl Ha! Copying Google?
SAP: Global Practice Lead, SAP HA... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job
Oshe better 11:11 bow bring ha ass on before she be good as left
U kno she still cant see out ha eye rite? ??? shouldnt have hit me twitterurl
I tweet 24/7 because i have no one to talk to. Ha.
*guys RT twitterusername Only god knows how many girls you're texting while you're texting me. Ha.
Feel bad for not contributing at all since day 1. Ha.
It always is.. ha RT twitterusername new 1D song is shit!!
i will be standing next to you  right next to you RT twitterusername ha.....^^ ?????? twitterurl
Sushi + Pizza + Seoul garden. I hope I can do that this coming week HA
sleeping with my ss notes tonight,sweetkan?haha har har ha
[CNA] Three individuals awarded APB Scholarship for Persons with Disabilities: Three individuals ha... twitterurl #singapore
I dont know if im actually torturing myself or people torturing me? Ha.
ke$ha sweg RT twitterusername Snort pixies dust and throw glitter on bitches hahahaha
Yupp! Literally lost my mind too! HA xx RT twitterusername Dying at twitterusername and twitterusername photos!!!
It's challenging to stay serious all day today, even if you ha... More for Capricorn twitterurl
I'm doing something cool ha ? yeaah I do an miracle :D
Tak nak India! Tak minat 1D? Where the heck you come from ha? Hahahahaha!
not that I'm not a paranoid person myself but this is ridiculous ha
Oiiiii apsl twitter da xnmpk conversation ??? Ta alif ha ya betul !!!!
Deleting one 'ha' from from your 'hahahhahahaha' because you feel like it's too much.
What if i say.....everyone actually ruined my day and mood today? Ha.
Am I gonna be successful? Leon's turning punk soon HA SUCCESS CLAP HOES
I'm watching he second sex in the city tonight just for a thrill ha
i can only see myself tuning in at Sneijder's Transmission set at local time 1145am. HA
Yesterday. My dawggg twitterusername ! We clownin. .  Ha Love her lol twitterurl
okiedokiemakancookie anything whatsapp kat my notethreeeee ha... ??? Action pulak dee hahahaha yes will whatsapl you! twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Where has all our empathy gone? - Straits Times: Straits TimesWhere ha... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
i'm so early omg ha why am i doing this to myself
Anyone tau tk cara nak track people ? Nak tau location dye ha ? Anyone please -.- urgent
My pockets gone be on GO in a few months ha wait on the come up
His mmm & sou sou.. and the ending sound of each sentence.. HA!
Ouh~ got celebrity~ i dunnoe his name tho.. HA.. One of the younger generation ones
i swear my dad doesn't give a shit about me sometimes ha
I wanna fuck that bitch so i call ha "cutie" yea thats it.
Ha, according to this test, my mental age is 31 twitterurl
haha ha i can't believe i was thinking of giving up my UK trip
the time when i needed u the most is the time we will be fighting ha
#HappyChineseNewYear kong, jayone, alex, chen, calvin, teh, ah ha, vincent, mohan #eh
Ke$ha songs are always so catchy, loving timber so much but i don't like pitbull
My so called timetable for this week. HA im laughing twitterurl
twitterurl Ha Minwoo Park Hyungsik Kim Dongjun - The Three Musketeers or The Three Maknaes
Well how many years u being a single man ha ? ??? 19 years twitterurl
Everything is going to go as expected i'm sure of it. Ha.
Ha. Baca tu. Mati. RT twitterusername twitterusername company jepun zero tolerance dgn punctuality hahaha
Ha poor Nicki, they wanna bring back Mariah's music. I don't blame them
Gk ngerti diam ajaaa "twitterusername Ha ? -_- "twitterusername *ksh flowers* =)) twitterusername "twitterusername -_____- kaciannn , jadi
A ha.. "twitterusername It's not bad-mouthing if it's the truth."
"twitterusername Ha! RT twitterusername twitterusername when are we doing lunch" ikr mel no invite for us!
;) Ha! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername #antm #model #fashion #moschino #asiasnexttopmodel twitterurl
Ha! Me too! RT twitterusername Just realized I know Taylor swift song by heart #DontJudgeMe
Hmm :'( "twitterusername Sorry I busy lah hmm RT twitterusername Asal sombong sangat ha twitterusername ? Hm"
I have friends that bring me wawa at 3am and you don't. ah - ha
Yay Juan !! My Melodic guitarist ha retweet his number 1 fan tweet !! Whoopwhoopp :)
Jaide WHHS Fight Bruh This Girl Got Ha Ass Beat Her Friends Ain't Shit ! ???????? twitterurl
There u go imagining ha twitterusername #DevonBostick #DOAWK #bosticker #dogdays twitterurl
hA RT twitterusername Zongs keeps on tweeting horny things look at my TL u fag
ha twitterusername fucking farted at my face so she kinda got raped
"twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername ok
Ha well i'd like to take a break from Twitter one day too
Haha. I love our impromptu meets love twitterusername Lets sked some loving with twitterusername ha...;)
Lemme borrow yo bxtch !! U kan even tell me where 2drop ha off @ !!!
[CNA] Alexandra Hospital takes top spot for consumer satisfaction: SINGAPORE: Alexandra Hospital ha... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername twitterusername  gave me sticky thank you omg ^^ haha :&gt;??? I know I super sweet HA!! :)
HA is it even possible to feel this guilty for having fun?
I still know something about rosh that she don't know I know smh ha!
Andddd the last song of the night is... *drumroll*.... Man Man Ha Ni!!!! #TTAlive #UKISSinMY
i think ha jiwon is damn annoying in the running man ep. lul.
Bloody hell totally drench by the rain. Thank goodness I got a change of clothes. Ha.
HAHA. that fanaccount is funny! xD 'Hot Latte' , twitterusername pronounced it as 'ha????'  ^^"
Lmmfao I know 1 thang !! Blood betta take ha bipolar , indecisive asz on !! Always startn shxt
no one wants a dm to little mix then ha okay sucks 2 b u
Someone who you always him black ??? thi ha ah u black dog LOL. twitterurl
can't help but wonder maybe you're better off without a fucked up friend like me ha
Ha. Wish there was somewhere near here where i could sleep muna. No sleep yeeeett
HA! #Eng just lost another wicket! Oh boy! Just 3 balls after losing Bell #Aus
wow im sorry i dont act like im nice cos im not ha
HAHAHAHA RT twitterusername match fighting ? wei coach KL , u drink wat yesterday ha ?
[CNA] My Waterwaytwitterusername wins Gold award: The Housing & Development Board's My Waterwaytwitterusername ha... twitterurl #singapore
so my friend has this crazy idea that Brian likes me HA DONT NONSENSE OH
I think this would be a much better photo ha #lunch #food #foodporn #nasipadang twitterurl
"twitterusername zong is actually a great person you know" HA @ WHOEVER THINKS IM MEAN
AsiaClassifiedToday: Have smartphones revolutionised marketing? - twitterurl Ha... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
& I'm not kalln ha ! Pssh , she'll know I'm upset when she reads this !
wait muna ang #Happy18thBirthdayDanielPadilla ha . yung Chapter 2 ng 'Why so Serious?' e xDD
Ha Ji Won received psychiatric treatment after filming horror movie twitterurl twitterurl
Just want to talk to Vipul but he's not even on my TL. HA.
Talking about that 4 freaking days.  Glad that you didn't appear in ma face.  Ha
Envy of perfect family. I've been ill treated since I'm a boy.  Ha how saddening right...
Timber / Counting Stars MASHUP (Ke$ha/OneRepublic) - Sam Tsui: twitterurl via twitterusername
I wanna fuck that bitch so i ca ha cutie yea thats it
Ha don't try to speak Chinese when you can't even speak. You just look stupid.
Hmmm the bus came earlier?! Hope I didn't get on the wrong bus ha
The things that I called a gun to kill my boredom ha (??'?????'??)?? twitterurl
SERIOUSLY. Some people are making a BIG HOO-HA on my promotion.
Ohh ya ha, im his wife why should i be invited. We always dance together. Hais..... (':
Whenever I see you.. I feel like breaking ur face.. HA! Take that
omfg I was so thin. Pls I want this body back HA twitterurl
[TheVerge] Spielberg's cinematographer creates 11 short films with Hollywood's best: Oscar-winning cinematographer Janusz Kaminski ha...
road trip in a few days but no idea what to wear or pack ha
My favourite performances from #AMAs are Ke$ha & Pitbull, A Great Big World & Xtina and Gaga.
and you say Ha Minwoo is not hyper??? twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Who's Killing Hawaii's Monk Seals? - Huffington Post: Who's Killing Ha... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Was that an emotional tweet coming from aida? Hahahhahaha haha hahaha ha hah
Oh well cute Malay guy jogging here and I am well distracted ha
Listening to twitterusername play "DIE YOUNG" by KE$HA on their Android app - Listen Online: twitterurl
What is the safest place in the world? ??? In my arms. HA. #prollynot twitterurl
SEAsia Trip Tip: Travel Guide to Ha Long Bay, Vietnam twitterurl
??twitterusername sometimes i jst think tht u r talking to some1 better thn me ha???
Going to I don't know the fuck to sketch. Ha fak
AsiaClassifiedToday: Foreign ministers of Singapore, Malaysia & Indonesia meet in Brunei over ha... twitterurl #asia #google
Playing with twitterusername fisheye lens which she ha neglected for so long. twitterurl
Pussy Good. Soaking wet she say if I give ha dick away she'll b so upset.
Glad lil blood think det shxt funny ! Betta hope own see ha 2nite
Forcing myself to go school since its just a 2 hr class ha
ha im just too busy tweeting on my other twitter acc.
Ha! Let's see if useful ka. Sana smooth ang election bukas. twitterurl
Kim Ha Neul shows off her hot bod in jeans ad twitterurl twitterurl
I dont want to tear up just bc of this ha :')
First time i heard my mum gg out with dad ha
Ha Jung Woo debuts as a film director with 'Rollercoaster' twitterurl twitterurl
So David got the better part of everyone. Ha! #Scandal #TheFixer
Why am I even thinking of the impossible. Ha, so dumb.
i hope my bitchy sister gets kicked out of school ha.
??twitterusername Destini retweeted me nd not Alex ha??? I know I just wanna be popular
??twitterusername B2ST's Junhyung and Ha Dong Kyun revealed to have participated in Jaejoong's upcoming album twitterurl
Ha Dream will have a fun dad bc his dad is sucha troublemaker #RunningManInSg??
??twitterusername Ke$ha -- BANNED From Performing in Malaysia twitterurl k TMZ
Forwood annoys me more than Stelena so that's a pretty high level of annoyance ha
"twitterusername App apa ha yg cartoon2 tu? Hm hmm" cartoon effect? camera360
HA! ??twitterusername Dear stomach, you're bored, not hungry. So shut up.???
Im starting to fall for you but then you hurt me . Ha
I swear two boys in a car watched me take this selfie ha ???? twitterurl
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahahahaha' because you think it's too much.
Going back into the Spa at Aro-Ha twitterurl #photography #arts
Ha it's clear to me that you're satisfied my someone elsee
Dunno y but i think Ha Jiwon is really pretty!!! She really got that ????????? ^^
Why do I think that Park Ha is prettier than the younger sister? #rooftopprince
Ha had a #MrMeToo moment on twitterusername IG pic but she know it's all love b
Ha RT twitterusername Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
Haiss. twitterusername twitterusername tk sudi nk teman me. #foreveralone at cwp ni ha
Don't understand why some ppl can just date anyone like.. Randomly.. HA!
[CNA] Investment in research encourages young scientists to return to S'pore: SINGAPORE: Singapore ha... twitterurl #singapore
Ha, valeria needs toilet paper but nobody is answering her screams.
The world is up to weird things and getting better ha #HarlemShake
Ha what u doing tonight playa :)?RT twitterusername twitterusername lol bois
Three Stories by Kim Young-Ha Available free as PDF twitterurl (twitterurl #KAvenyou
"twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername omg
U can nvr do whut  promise . And i believe over tot u will. Ha
U did a very huge mistake to me, and u didn't make an apologize? HA.
Udah putus? RT twitterusername Npa magda?"magdavaticas: ha? RT twitterusername Single woles (y)"
It's the time to disco... Mere ha jyaa hey di vana hey.... HAHAHAH HINDUSTAN KE PE!
"Ha? Walang 100?! Ayos yan! Im so happy! Hahahaha!" XD the best father ever! XD
Tell ha i said HEY MAMMMI RT twitterusername Having such a good day with me madre ?"
No no I'm awake too.. ??? RT twitterusername Im like the only one awake ha twitterurl
Ha! QT twitterusername Our coming deficits are driven by old people, not health inflation twitterurl
Kim Ha Neul awes the public with her long legs twitterurl
Are you currently texting someone right now? ??? my myanmar black friend thi ha haha! twitterurl
#me #iphonesia #instadaily #instagood #instago #ignation #pictureoftheday #picoftheday #smile #cute #fun #ha twitterurl
#Autofollow twitterusername Telegraph.co.ukIDC: iPhone wait cuts Apple's China phone share by nearly ha... twitterurl #TeamFollowBack
Apple changing of dock is similar to telling consumer and manufacturer. HA! I'm gonna screw u !
Sharp mortgages iPhone display plant other Japanese factories: TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's embattled Sharp Corp ha... twitterurl
I'm never playing ha again .. my winning streak has ended *middle finger
Students coming up with innovations to solve societal problems: SINGAPORE: Tertiary institutions in Singapore ha... twitterurl
Heart beat x10 faster when I see new notification but then I rmb..... HA
SocialMedia/TechNEWS Sheen???s Generous Streak Continues With Funeral Donation: Charlie Sheen may ha... twitterurl DouglasCastle
Dhoby lan tmr . Bishan 7.15 . Rush time . Ha nvm il wakeup early??
Someone bought me macaroons too bad I hate it and I have no appetite ha.
#nowplaying 'Audzubillah by twitterusername on twitterusername with twitterusername ! :) #HA #NasyidFM twitterurl
Remember wheb Ke$ha actually sang her songs? Yeah? Me neither.
My dad is fuming because my mum robbed his chorizo omg hA
Me ha gustado un v??deo de twitterusername (twitterurl - Sick Puppies- SO What I Lied).
Ha! Being treated like a toy and yet i don't know anything about it.
My magic tricks? HA i probably impress more guys than girls.
wow. i'm anticipating ha ryu's revenge. #yawang you're going down joo dahae.
and I'm handing in one assignment a week before deadline. ha.
Shes everything RT twitterusername y'all need to listen to Vali. k, I love ha.
LOL RT twitterusername [TNP] Ke$ha drinks her pee in upcoming documentary twitterurl
It always be a lot better for me to play piano with nobody around. Ha.
Darn, would have revolutionized the food world, ha! Happy #AprilFools | Introducing Google Nose  twitterurl
Football: Three Lebanese officials dropped from refereeing AFC Cup match: Three Lebanese football officials ha... twitterurl
Just wanted to talk to Vipul but he's not even on my TL. HA.
Ha ! And when I'm gone ima be like "dueces,!" *Chris Brown voice*
omg didn't know ha donghoon is german-born WHY OMG SO JEALOUS
Ha! Working on weekdays just so I have my weekends to spend with girlfriend.
mother still got nerve to play MJ12 on speaker in this ghost town ha
"twitterusername Avenue thursday (: twitterusername wear something tight ha.!" Oh i likeeee :)
"twitterusername twitterusername ha already burned 7 pounds look at fitforsummer(.)info" K
yo girl know when you cheating you cant hide from ha.
See me then avoid me isit. Ha u careful. I see you , sure approach you
been stalking your instagram for the past half an hour ha
Chang Ha-Joon is one pissed off son of a gun
Free 100 just to shut up & watch a movie ha not bad coach not bad
What was the last song you heard? ??? Crazy kids-ke$ha twitterurl
Im not even Piru but if twitterusername don't follow thru , uma 108 ha asz !!! Lol #Play
the fam's going out without me. i'm too tired to go anywhere ha.
What's wrong with me? Ha? twitterusername Bassist Aerosmith Tidak Akan Ikut Tur Konser Australia twitterurl
What's wrong with me? Ha? twitterusername REVOCATION Studio Update 2013 twitterurl
Blogged in this tired state... Grammar mistakes, fluency & content are so messed up. HA.
shoutout to my new friend twitterusername hehe ipagluto mo kami ha..!
today's pepero day so um... *plays it with mirror* hah hah haha ha :'(
Hahaha someone dm-ed saying i'm cute haha idk what to reply ha \
??twitterusername Ha. Charlene Chua just earned herself 738729haters in one day.???+++++
Some may say teachers are hero but sorry not sorry for me they're life ruiner. Ha.
Damn I wanna talk 2 Britt !! Been tryna not 2 tweet about ha but ..
SKYDRAGON ??? RT twitterusername #BBfacts Lee Ha Yi bilang kalo GD&CL itu bener2 keren (^o^)b
probably going to retake that bc I'm a loser and I want a nice feed ha
I feel like Shaunti instigating wit all these damn retweets ha
It'    s not e ven thattwdfj bad ha ving ParkinsonsaSJhiksefjs disease
who steal my textbook ugh why so miskin ha ilmu pun nak curi!!!??
Luckily they're not asking me to draw sketches. I suck at those. HA.
You know when you malas to layan someone and you will just "oh" "eh" "ha" "k"
Ha?RT twitterusername Miley Cyrus: 'I'm very confident being naked':  twitterurl cc twitterusername
Would you leave your girlfriend for me? ??? Ha! Fuck No! What's wrong with you! twitterurl
ha ini yg dengar ni!!! hehe RT twitterusername twitterusername thanks fatah! Insyaallah nnti jd fotgrpher kiteorg. :)
aww, setting a tracking devive to protect the girl. Soo Ha ??? :') ??????? ????????? ????????? ?????
#NowListening After Love by Ha Dong Kyun (My Immortal Song 2) \
what the fuck why is everyone on my TL ranting HA
Irena Sendlerowa. I know this woman! Khassidey Umot ha-Olam. twitterurl
I was too happy playing helium. I forgot eunice's name. Ha~~~ enslgal twitterurl
Ha Long Bay, Vietnam For Less: Halong Bay Tours Launches Special Winter Promotion. twitterurl
Handsome, when want gym w me ??? You ThiHa ah ha when you want twitterurl
Ha! I got busted by my mom for not working out every day #lt
Sore body but not even half as bad as BMTH or PTV or MMF ha
Ha! Ajuki! Khekhekhekhe! CC twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername QT twitterusername Sewe Lol weya moss hahahaha
Lol being emo at work.. Actually no I'm in front of mac slacking ha
ini ha twitterusername Grammy Performance 2014 Kendrick Lamar and Imagine Dragons live Radioact...: twitterurl via twitterusername
I wanna fuck that bitch so i call ha cutie yea thats it.
"twitterusername See you in your nightmares... twitterurl Ha! Dude, go home! You are drunk!
Looking back at my pictures and suddenly I feel so fucking insecure ha
i think Song ji hyo / Ha ji won either one is in the movie. COOL.
[News] Singapore welcomes Bucharest court's decision to double Ionescu's sentence: The Singapore government ha... twitterurl
Ha! Xiao beng with xiao lian walking want stare all, pls la
SEAsia Travel Tip: Travel Guide to Ha Long Bay, Vietnam twitterurl
??twitterusername you not a man but you're boy , can see de difft ha ????
Ha. Of cause la bro :) RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername STEADY LA JOVIN!
Kwanghee: introducing up and coming model in fashion world! HA MINWOO! RT twitterusername 2014??? ???????? ??????????? ???????? ~ ?????? ???????? twitterurl
no.. please add twitterusername to #WM30 twitterusername where your entertaining skill ha? #RAW
yep that a nice wish "Always be happy and healthy" good job Ha Min Woo
Thanks 4 RT/mentions Cobadeh twitterurl RT twitterusername twitterusername : iPad 'ha... twitterurl AsiaClassifiedToday
I didn't see the McManaman's tackle on Ha??dara. I won't dare :/
??twitterusername Deleting one 'ha' from from your 'hahahhahahaha' because you feel like it's too much.???
#Cancun #SpringBreak2012 Me an ma niggaz from Montreal ha. #GiantBottles twitterurl
Ha! RT twitterusername Early morning sex is more effective than coffee.
Late night or in d morning .. I put ha sleep , she wake up witchu yawning !!
AsiaClassifiedToday: Has the 'Christian' moment passed in politics? - The Hill (blog): Ha... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
How can i not know if he sleep beside me, he snore so loud..ha!
Said "oh man" to dad and he thought i was calling him "old man" HA
Guide ha asz then ! Lol "twitterusername Oomf is just one lost bitch."
#Happy18thBirthdayDanielPadilla 101 pahabol ;)) twitterusername good night . always wear your precious smile ha ;)) Your Fans Love You ;**
ha k bye time to cheong my bio revision, chem elearning and physics hw.
She got ha shit together so I respect her more -Gotti vc
SAP #IT #Job: Researcher /Developer (intern / associate position) - HPAi HA... ( #Ra'anana ) twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
My cousin is literally outa breath jus from putting ha shoes on ! ??\
The Engineer UK > Superefficient gas combustion simplifies carbon capture: Chemical engineering researchers ha... twitterurl
Napped and just woke up not long ago and still on my bed ha
Ha. ??Starbung Coffee??? on Bangkok???s Phra Athit Road. Pic by twitterusername twitterurl
remember in 2011 and we were all "its not gay its bromance" lol ha
What's the point of acting like myself when you don't give a shit. Ha.
Ha isaiah dw to talk t me bc of ytd BITCH BYE
Everyone's going for work while I'm going out for a day of fun ha.
A hug temporarily takes away the pain. It's a temporary solution to a permanent problem ha
"twitterusername #1dmoviepremiere today! :D" but im not going to the premiere ha fml
And ha aahs aha Aaaah Ben kingsley is allowed to redeem himself as Artemis fowl's bodyguard ?
Ha it be so much subbin going on I be tryna put two and two together
??twitterusername According to Penthouse magazine, more women complain about infrequent sex than men do.???ha !
Perempuan 5 orang je out of 60 tadi. And the rest are boys. Ha
Ha. 8 more lawyers tricked into being more interesting. *evil plan face*
SEAsia Trip Tip: A Do-It-Yourself Tour of Ha Long Bay, Vietnam twitterurl
I fell off for a min but Im back like I Never Left ! Ha !
who wants to be friend with anti social like me ha
Sucks that my birthday during my attachment period this is just so sad ha
Ray get on my nerve.! That's why Idc if I see ha hoe ass next week
Ha , payphone n goodtime song . I wont wan listen . Too much memories edi.
Twin on my asz 2nite Boi !!! Lol knt win fa losing wit ha
so i am that loner ha since then. hahaha. *okay now i'm feeling absurd + funny*
Got so pissed i went to gmarket and bought over 100 bucks worth of stuff HA
Used to it. Always forget the fact that I'm no longer impt. Ha. Whatever.
Report as Spam >> RT twitterusername *Installing Windows* RT twitterusername *blueScreen RTtwitterusername *buffering* RT twitterusername Ha?
Love this pic of Baby Ber Ha and I <33 @ Attica Too twitterurl
But then ha momma gone whoop my asz lol .. oh well it'll be worth it
thanks adik <3 Ha,ah harituh deactive RT twitterusername twitterusername Nice Twitcon.Hritu akak Deac Twitter ye??
I am nothing next to that hipster shop god damHqis HA
cb cant stand it when i see yp step satanic all it makes me go HA
Apple's iPhone 'announcement' has Nokia, Motorola jostling for spotlight: Apple's iPhone 'announcement' ha... twitterurl #News
"twitterusername Congrats Niall, Hey Louis, Hi Lou are trending. amazing ha"
My bag is so heavy even though I only put 1 textbook and 2 files. Ha
Ha is nt impt anym to u edi . One txt . Y not one word a day
ha ngene kiye wong candiroto RT twitterusername tegke edan twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername bowoshp (cont) twitterurl
"see that tree outside? go fuck it" HA twitterusername I'M SO FUNNY.
i'm doing history revision while listening to ke$ha where did my life go wrong
Pendant = 4 pieces of ??10,000 and ring = almost 15 pieces of ??10,000! HA!
but that lit slim fine fee take dick all in ha spine .
cannot wait to buy the newspaper but I'm in the middle of a fyp meeting ha
:"D RT twitterusername I DO!!! Ha! ??twitterusername Hot chicks = Crazy chicks!!! #BelieveThis???
owemjeh baby T_____T RT twitterusername Look what I found. Ha! twitterurl
I think i should, since i didnt had anything since morning. Just hotdog bun. Ha pathetic
:0 ??twitterusername I deleted my tweets from 17k to 2k omg hA???
Gonna retweet alot of #MyBoyfriendIsNotAllowedTo hastag. Take note Puspos, Hanagami, Mayate, Ha, Sevani.
Shall stop tweeting these fucking shitloads of monstrous thoughts out & fuck with people's timeline. Ha.
Ha Doong hoon and Eunee got 98 on the circle 360 loop ride!
Spending $$$ on these hxes but yeen fxck shxt ?? Ha ! Not me
Could never go get a secret tattoo or piercing with ha ass
I already went Hong Kong Disney land. HA! now shut up.
Let see hw long would u wait fr me . Ha im fkedup
Rogers...dhi nindi. You are high son QT twitterusername You mad 'cuz I'm living legit? Ha!
what iz tht drama happening about November 5th ha ah I see war o,o
Wanna hear a joke? I can actually get 1/5 tonight. HA. twitterusername #1DDay #HashtagToTheRapBeat
u rly think i still regard u as a friend after everything u did? ha wtf
DELETED SOME "PATH" SCUM MESSAGE on TWITTER! can your hear me ha? can you hear me?
She a hxe . Always have been . Tried 2see the good in ha
It's gets REAL when you see people's  "bestfriends" on snapchat! Ha!!
Wah so close such good view but with a ...?! Pity ha. Maybe it's not LOL
??twitterusername twitterusername ha I seen you lol??? Lol you ain't even speak smh
CBS > Malaysia bans Ke$ha concert, cites "culture" clash twitterurl #news
Timber / Counting Stars MASHUP (Ke$ha/OneRepublic) - Sam Tsui twitterurl via twitterusername
REALLY? RT twitterusername HA?! RT twitterusername Are you guys serious? Vixx will be on running man?!
Photo: kmagazinelovers: Kang Ha Neul - Singles Magazine February Issue ???14 twitterurl
Bij  ah ha has sorry can't watch your match . All the best uh :b   twitterusername
Timber / Counting Stars MASHUP (Ke$ha/OneRepublic) - Sam Tsui  twitterurl via twitterusername
Timber (feat. Ke$ha) by twitterusername (at Sekupang International Ferry Terminal) ??? twitterurl
Ha! Not really! "twitterusername Sewe I think she is trying to recruit you."
Lol awwweeeee :) look how cute I was #tbt I dont usually do this butttttttt ha! twitterurl
If you want to do something, do it quietly, don't make a big hoo-ha
twitterurl Ha Min Woo I'm So Sexy ...Damn I Got in the Wrong Car look
colleagues making lots of hoo ha cause a new female colleague just joined.. lol
Ah ha! Lenovo buying Motorola's handset business from Google for nearly $3 billion (update: confirmed) twitterurl
LIME.. Seriously!? Uh.... HA! I dun wan ofuro cast.. I wan to listen to mai bias~
??twitterusername Do as we say twitterurl smh this is damnear life ha
Photo: kmagazinelovers: Kang Ha Neul - Elle Magazine February Issue ???14 twitterurl
oh ya nt t forget pink lips cus im looking pale ha
OMG!!! Meeting with the client pa ha! Push mo yan, Adrian! #TLWTheFalseExpectations
ha we're coming to to annoy you twice x twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
ahhhhhh ha! Finally gets to meet hyrulanuar at #sitinurhalizaliveinsingapore yesterday. Thanks bro for?? twitterurl
Ha! This is why you never see Emma Watson and Sofia Vergera together live!\
Ha a. Crack. RT twitterusername twitterusername one x crack ke? Perghhhh.. twitterusername
Kwon In-ha charged with assaulting cabby and two policemen             twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername Cantik Fb Cover Photo baru Adieq dear :)??? dear eh? Ha. Thanks anw
The Woo Ha interlude of Lawns is fucking mad legendary twitterusername twitterusername
He dicked ha down booboo... FINALLY RT twitterusername Casey got some cuddy. "twitterusername Tonight was great ?????????""
Ndehh cari lawan ha? RT twitterusername Jan dicaliak! :O "twitterusername Mancaliak tweet (cont) twitterurl
How funny would it be if I got knocked down by a car. HA. Very funny
Competition commission Down Under raises concerns over Virgin-Tiger deal: The Australian competition watchdog ha... twitterurl
I'm on Ha Ryu and Do Kyung's side. I'm not even on Dohoon's side. #yawang
why do i suck at this ha i bet i'm not even normal
OR SOMETHING. I DON'T KNOW. HA. HAHA. shit I'm losing it.
Neicie Done Came a Looooong Way From ha senior year. Ijs Lol
Because there's.... Jawn.... Freaking.... HA! (I love saying his name idky)
She lucky I knt text ha .. Maybe dets uh good thing .. keep us from argue'n
Find time, bitch."twitterusername twitterusername ha. I got not time to jog babe."
Then she gone change ha avi after I sed det !! Lmao Keshae ain't shxt
hope my bf doesn't get in between a war while he's at korea ahahahaha..ha...
#HaHaFacts HaHa have a older sister name Ha Joori (Piano teacher of SHINee Jonghyun)
SocialMedia/TechNEWS Poker Champ Arrested in Prostitution Sting: Poker player Greg Raymer may ha... twitterurl DouglasCastle
Shall watch the Brookdale Lodge one after this. Seems scary ...ha. :/
Like! RT twitterusername twitterusername muahahaha. Wouldn't twitterusername win this #healthyrivalry everyday then? Ha!
U happy aint it ! Uglasz "twitterusername Lol #Oomf put ha # in my phone LMMFAO"
"twitterusername I'm not single anymore." april fools joke ha okay bye.
Klassy Ke$ha: "I just want a guy who has a big penis and a car." \
Ha.. Starting to feel like I don't have a gf any more...
How she ion suck dick but expecting me to eat ha ?
One group of SP flag day dudes in front of me. HA WELCOME TO HELL
twitterurl NUS ranks 2nd in Asia University Rankings: The National University of Singapore (NUS) ha... twitterurl
lol dg this cos im really bored but ya lol ha fa. twitterurl
HA! QT twitterusername Opinion: Kimemia has not been fair in his handling of Raila twitterurl
Exciting news. RT twitterusername Songwriting for album 5 complete. Yee-ha! Let's go!
AsiaClassifiedToday: Through his unwavering commitment to customer service, David Thodey ha... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
twitterusername : iPhone 5 Rumors; Apple Mulled Twitter Investment; NSA Appeals to Ha... twitterurl twitterurl #tech
twitterusername ha! Really tho. I have the case on my iPhone too. Wooooooo!
Voice note with NEScafe twitterusername . Eleh ingat kau sweet ke mok? Ha mokkk? Hewhew.
Tiny-G???s Do Hee resemble actress Ha Ji Won? twitterurl (twitterurl #KAvenyou
You think lying to me while trying to get me back , will get me back ? Ha ! ?
SEAsia Travel Tip: Booking a Tour of Ha Long Bay twitterurl
[PICS] Running Man EPI 141 Animal Kingdom ????? - HA Penguin ?.??: twitterurl KANG Monkey ?.???: twitterurl
how about hyun bin and ha ji won to give out the top10? or lee seunggi?
Ha Ji Won shows a passion for singing twitterurl (twitterurl #KAvenyou
Ha eye fxckd up "twitterusername Why is this girl wearing sunglasses in class????
i keep watching this because of koji's "ha" RT twitterusername ?????????????? twitterurl
Wanted to go shopping with mommy but she's always busy ha
Helooo JPJ i dn't hve a license ?sooo you gonna sue me or not ha ? o.O
I hear ha voice so much it's in head .. Crystal clear ?
twitterurl Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution: A massage parlour owner ha... twitterurl
Ha! Serves you right! RT twitterusername #Japan PM #Abe escapes injury in five-car collision twitterurl
China probes reports of film director Zhang Yimou's seven children: BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese authorities ha... twitterurl
I knt win fa losing mane !!! Uma jus leave it alone & let ha be !! Fareal
the people asking probably hate me cos I never answer them HA
put ah molly in ha champagne she aint even know it
HA. So Mother's still bitter over Dad giving me the memory card.
sorry if you love ha dog but thas on ya body
Gone have a good night with my lil big sissy fa ha bday
HA! cc twitterusername twitterusername RT twitterusername Survey: Most Americans Are OK With NSA Phone Surveillance twitterurl
Processing your emotions may be tricky if it seems that you ha... More for Scorpio twitterurl
ang hirap i-delete yung groups sa #WhatsApp ha..ten years..
??twitterusername Finally got Hunter Moore to follow back lol.??? Ha Me Too! Now Answer Your Phone!
Lol!!! RT twitterusername Ha?! RT twitterusername twitterusername mimin, pesen buku novelnya radityadika via online, gmn?
...but there's a possibility that I'll doze off in the library ha
Lord of the Rings "Die Young" by Ke$ha Parody: twitterurl via twitterusername
Ha let me stop acting like I know what's going on.
Think Bae gone say sum or Im jus used 2 ha doin it *shrugs
First time seeing Springleaf's mcds so empty. SEE SEE. PEOPLE ALL BOYCOTT YOU ALREADY. HA.
so sad that even if I'm from singapore bt I ain't going for gd's concert HA
LOL seriously whoever's hating on my ask is obviously bored of luxuries HA
xiumin;___; RT twitterusername Jung Jun Ha growls with EXO's Xiumin and Tao twitterurl
shitty traffic to the stadium HA I'm going to be late.
British cosmologist Hawking backs right to assisted suicide: LONDON (Reuters) - British cosmologist Stephen Ha... twitterurl
It should be alright to swear in the morning cause everybody's grumpy. ha..haha.
When you're happy, remember that someone else is hurt inside. Tak pernah terpikir ke ha
HA i actuaaly wear white today. kinda surprised of myself pffftttt
I've been texting so short. Hope nobody hates me for that. Ha
Was hoping for a miraculous b3 or above for chem but ha way worst than that
On Taking Pictures #76: Slamming Up Against the Walls (Like in an A-Ha Video) - twitterurl
I got a text at 11:59 pm saying text me tomorrow ha.
Stupid boring days. Can't wait to start work officially and earn big moolahs. Ha!
Malaysia bans Ke$ha concert over religious fears. twitterurl via twitterusername Malaysian Logic!
[CNA] Repairs to "Kinetic Rain" sculpture in Changi Airport complete: Singapore's Changi Airport ha... twitterurl #singapore
Could be India MT 'twitterusername Ao bathong RT twitterusername Ha! RT twitterusername Somewhere near Rustenburg twitterurl '
Encountering problems at work is never fun, but someone who ha... More for Taurus twitterurl
Im WEAK! RT twitterusername Ha! RT twitterusername Alabama walking off like twitterurl
I overcomed my stress by eating a lot of chocolates. Ha lantak.
Another way of telling you that I'm watching an ancient movie HA!
tipulah kalau zaman skrg you still care about personality than looks ha hell weh (:
Ha! Tell me about it. Man, you are missed! "twitterusername The hypocrisy of everything Kenyan. Morning."
You might be feeling a bit irresponsible today, even if you ha... More for Capricorn twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterurl woah twitterusername HA MINWOO??? twitterusername still looking at babo???!!
Imagines reply a tweet of someone adult and famous "ha yang ni kelakar". Cringes
Ha is true I'm that mutha fucker that you gone love & hate
??twitterusername idgi why a class tee must ha e the school logo??????????
I think I am very skilled at camwhoring without people noticing ha twitterurl
Are you one of those "smart people" ? ??? HA. Well, no. twitterurl
??~~~??? RT twitterusername 140225 Running Man in Melbourne Australia filming. Mong HA ???\
Need someone to just layan me now bcos I don't feeeeeeel good but ha nvm
Buffett says bitcoin "not a currency": Warren Buffett, chief executive of investment conglomerate Berkshire Ha... twitterurl
I know listening to Ke$ha with this setting is gonna be a nightmare!
Someone's instagram photo really -_-" what's with the hash tags...  Tag so many...  -_-" like eyesore only ha
HA THIS RT twitterusername you dont even know me and you're bitching about me ? LOL
pretty pretty ??? hah haha ha... yes you are dear, you are. twitterurl
Kang Ha Neul & Da Hee "GLAM" - Human Love (Monstar K-Drama Cut): twitterurl
Night all. I'm taking this "for granted". Ha. Rem MoMo & MiMi. Dong Dong sleep tight
People said i'll find a better one. Ha ha if you really know me well, this is like the best thing that has happen to me in my entire life
Forget my friends when i have a boyfriend? Ha ha fuck you for saying that. I never did and if you really are my friend, you wouldnt say that
ha ha, i love it, just been told that I'm not standing being a ferrari, but a lambo, so proud i've got no idea. It's a red car! that's it
"I remember the first time i met u....it was too cute" hm i never met my bf bcs we are having long distance rltnship.Selalu otp jew ha ha
Anyone wanna spare their time to hear me rant? Hahaha. Zak? You would do me good now. I know I can count on you when I'm like this. HA HA!
Ah, okay, um, where should I start, rasa mcm lama tak reply to everyone's ws&wc. So, let's start ha ha serba salahnya. Wht is wrong w me tah
I think i have alot of twins in Singapore. sebab ramai org cakap they saw me at some places when the fact im at home -.-' ha ha. bnyk kali..
remember when i fell asleep while we are otp and u keep calling my name until i woke up ha ha u have no idea how cute u are dont u
i think im kind of like somewhere in between im not happy but im not sad either so what does that make me haha sappy lol get it haha..ha..ha
But then to think again, if i have interact wif all kinds of customers, why am i still shy to apply for a job or go for intervw? HA-HA -.-
remember how we got drunk a couple of years ago just with a few cans of carlsberg ha ha now we're wondering how do we get drunk with these
And just to continue with drowning y???all in tweets (ha ha), it turns out learning how to hang in in a CX race applies in the pool, too.
Honestly, its easy to know if someone has a secret crush on you or not. Ha ha. Easy peasy. But we have to pretend that we dont know nothing.
wanted to wash my face & i looked into the mirror and bam, ha ha, nice hair. i look like a dying (i noe ponti die alr dont judge) pontianak.
When taxi drivers have stories to tell, and all you need to do is a "mmm, ya, ha ha, oh, woah, really?". Uncle, I tired. You not tired ah?
Trying to make u feel better but well never right.. whatever I say is always wrong. If you think I wanna be in the same class with u ha ha
u have boyfriend u have girlfriend but whn ppl asked "ada bf/gf tak?" U will be like "amende tuh bf gf?merepek jeh" ha ha such a jerk
Someone asked me in a sec 1 class how volcanoes are formed And I had to explain it in 5 min. Ha haha ha I hope I didn't confuse them :(
Capacity of public amenities must keep up with 'localised crowding': February 14, 2013 12:02 AMTHE Government ha... twitterurl
[News] S'pore, Tonga sign Open Skies Agreement: SINGAPORE: Singapore and the south Pacific kingdom of Tonga ha... twitterurl
Some ppl are totally out of my life.. Dunnoe hw sld I feel.. Coz I dun feel anything.. HA!
Rhinoceros beetles' horns not costly: Giant rhinoceros beetles' large and elaborate horns used for fighting ha... twitterurl
HA AWESOME ITP MATES! We're crazy as Fuck, and don't be surprised, Im one of the few sane ones her;)
Delete RT twitterusername Haha, babilah RT twitterusername Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahahahaha' because you think it's too much.
"everyone did you hear about a num killed a lil' kid?" NO I'M NOT LAUGHING HA- NO NOT. XDDDDDD twitterurl
Mercedes-Benz reveals new S-class interior: Luxury sedan aims higher to help replace Maybach: Mercedes-Benz ha... twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Police note video that shows driver blocking an ambulance: Video posted online ha... twitterurl #singapore
PAIN IS GOOD. RT ??twitterusername Everytime before i do stretching im scared because i know pain awaits me ha.???
I just hate the fact on if I do go...its not gone be just me and ha....
Apple-Samsung Patent Battle Now in Jury's Hands - PCWorld: USA TODAYApple-Samsung Patent Battle Now in Jury's Ha... twitterurl
Jury reaches verdict in Apple-Samsung trial: court officials: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The jury ha... twitterurl via twitterusername
News UK : iPhone 5 could have new earbuds, photos show assembled phone - CNET UK: Social BarreliPhone 5 could ha... twitterurl
#TechCentral #news Apple cuts memory chip order to Samsung for new iPhone: source: Apple ha... twitterurl #malaysia #IT #world
by Reuters: Apple's iPhone needs to dazzle as market gets crowded: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The new iPhone 5 ha... twitterurl
Yeah u right FCKED UP! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Y is my so bad???????Look who ha folks m daddy is
[News] President Tan confident US will steer world out of uncertainty: SINGAPORE: President Tony Tan Keng Yam ha... twitterurl
"sorry you cannot do anything here in Singtel if youre under 18" what bullshit is that ha
twitterurl PM Lee says he is aware of childcare concerns: SINGAPORE: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ha... twitterurl
#IWishICould stay strong with you dear Alif ba ta sa jim ha ho dal zal and more .
I'm sorry but I just love to call people baby, sweetheart and darling ugh it's part of me ha
I had a girl but I dumped ha .. I be high as hell .. hope she take me back
he never talk to me le :) RT "twitterusername Jadon can quote girls tweets cannot reply mine ha. Wjmk ba :)"
If im dating now, i would have spam my Keek with videos of me and my date.ha ha. IF.
Check this dude making a dog out of sand ha. Quality that had to throw some change in. #SandSculpture?? twitterurl
Quit sch and go sell ur butt.. Try and see if anyone wanna buy it nt.. HA
[CNA] Kong Hee offered to resign from CHC management: City Harvest Church (CHC) founder Kong Hee ha... twitterurl #singapore
Burger King to offer lower-fat French fries: (Reuters) - Burger King Worldwide Inc, known for its "Whopper" ha... twitterurl
2 university deputy presidents bag prestigious science and tech medal: SINGAPORE - The panel described Prof Ha... twitterurl
cc: twitterusername twitterusername RT twitterusername wohooo Tigana Studio re-opening, lets raawwwwkkk \\m/ !! nb: jgn lupa bayar selepas rental ha
Hello! An extremely attractive guy taking pics with his parents. How often do you see that? HA
[MV] Ha-Yea Song from Kpop Star (season 2) releases her duo with Choi Sin Jae twitterurl
#Russia #Book The Millionaire Teacher By (author) Andrew Hallam: The Millionaire Teacher By (author) Andrew Ha... twitterurl
South Korean TV Network Bans Psy???s ???Gentleman??? Music Video: One of South Korea???s biggest broadcasters, KBS, ha... twitterurl
6 consecutive selcas spam! twitterusername Ha Minwoo... what're u trying to do to ZE:A fans? (*o*)\\ twitterurl
"twitterusername all three european trophies.  plastic fans.  no history.  glory hunters.  HA! champions of europe. we know what we are."
[News] More gantries on AYE by mid-2014: To further ease traffic congestion, the Ayer Rajah Expressway will ha... twitterurl
Won't be able 2see who in ha DMs or tryna flirt in d mentions smh .. Oh well
[CNA] Yahoo! Asia Pacific pay damages to SPH in copyright infringement suit: Yahoo! Asia Pacific ha... twitterurl #singapore
Amazing movie. 1st time watching Ha Jung Woo, n he's fantastic. Jeon Ji Hyun is very good too
Scientists find a martian igneous rock that is surprisingly Earth-like: During the nearly 14 months that it ha... twitterurl
Lot 1 stabbing: Eyewitness captures scene immediately after stabbing: October 03, 2013 10:17 AMA photograph ha... twitterurl
It supposed to be Bui Ngoc Thu Ha! How they misspelled vietnanmese name!  tuuhah @ HELP University twitterurl
Violence in western Chinese region of Xinjiang kills 21: Violence in the western Chinese region of Xinjiang ha... twitterurl
Its MY secret ok not yours so why I should share with bitch just like u ha
'Daddy I'm depressed' 'Whatsup? I'll call later' 'I failed my reading test :(' 'I asked, whatsup? the sky still there?' -_- ha
Too tired of always being the one taking care of other people's feeling. My feelings? Ha nobody cares.
Ohho... this CKH went to eat patbingsu today ha.. i've been craving for some for quite some time now :(
??twitterusername ion even follow this hoe and im already TIRED of ha fucking name on my TL ?????????????????????????.
twitterurl why am I not getting any questions before I sleep !? And in the last night of school !? HA !? WHY !?
"twitterusername Lagu apa yg best ha? Need some suggestion :-)" foster the ppl-I would do anything for you
what is ke$ha going to do in #mycrazybeautifullife other than drink, throw up and snort glitter while humping unicorns? ????
What's wrong with me? Ha? twitterusername If #Messi scores for #Barcelona in the 1st half vs #Bayern today,
Damn. Jus realized I took off work fa ha bday ?? oh well I'll jus enjoy dem off days
ha! we were just talking about this last night! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername  Fewer women 'would date younger men' twitterurl
Yo Gotti Got His Chick Out All Late I Done Told Him I'll Snatch Ha Up ! *Waits For Gabbys Reply*
[CNA] President Tony Tan commends professionalism of SAF servicemen: President Tony Tan Keng Yam ha... twitterurl #singapore
[TheVerge] NSA facility where Snowden worked was reportedly waiting on updated security software: NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden ha...
Christina Aguilera, Christina Perry, Jennifer Lopez, Jessie J, Mariah Carey, Karmin, Katy Perry, Ke$ha, Kelly Clarkson, Lady Gaga, Lenka,
Typhoon devastates Philippines tourism: Destruction in the beach town of Santa Fe - where all but one hotel ha... twitterurl
S'pore confers highest military award on Thai defence forces chief: Singapore???s President Tony Tan Keng Yam ha... twitterurl
Look at that smile #smiling #happy #enjoying #my #little #break #mommy #on #the #side #of #me #ha twitterurl
Im so late with fashion that.. I may have to walk to sch later.. Ha.. Dun feel like going anymore.. =.=
Euro zone crisis bearing heavy human toll: OECD: PARIS (Reuters) - Ordinary people's satisfaction with life ha... twitterurl
Supposedly wednesday morning i kena pergi kubur with family. But damn i have phase test as early as 8am. Ha
Meeting my cousins now and all of them have their other half hahaha ha h a h  a a ...
War News Updates > The Boko Haram Insurgency In Nigeria Is Spilling Into Niger And Cameroon: Nigeria???s Boko Ha... twitterurl
.twitterusername Ha! Speaking of the haze, there is definitely a noticeable difference between visibility in the west and south.
Describe me too!! ??? Sotong. Haha JK. Decent looking, dresses well, friendly, fun but sometimes blur and whiny ha... twitterurl
Jaejoong to join the new MBC Monday-Tuesday drama 'Triangle' twitterurl HA?? SIWANNIE AND JAEJOONG? twitterusername twitterusername
Well: ??Ha!??? Takes a Serious Look at Humor: Understanding laughter yields insights into how our brains process ... twitterurl
ke$ha does not look like she bathes in glitter anymore and she is so hot nowww
fucking hell harry looks fucking attractive w ha scarf on his damn head bloody hell boy u making me cry
HA QT twitterusername I have died laughing #FindArnie esp the bit for working with a trauma specialist (vagina detanta?!) twitterurl
Closest friends at bedside as Michael Schumacher begins fifth week in coma: Seven-time Formula One champion ha... twitterurl
Ha! Missing the list, Nisar Sahib. ??twitterusername Nisar hails TTP???s initiative of announcing negotiating team twitterurl
"Exofanbase: [INFO] EXO Greeting Party in Japan ??Hello?? on April 12 & 13 Ticket pricing: 6900/7900 Yen v.exoseoul" HA
was the original good enough for you ha? You wanna wreck everything till there nothing left right fuck you sm
.twitterusername didn't watch the show....but kwani alilazimishwa? And apologizing on Twitter? To #KoTs? Ha! She should fire her publicist
War News Updates > 6 U.S. Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan Helicopter Crash: Six American Troops Die In Black Ha... twitterurl
Describe me monkey!! ??? you meanie always call me monkey :(( HAHA jk umz friendly and goodlooking and ahem ;)) HA... twitterurl
[CNA] Another 22 foreign workers arrested for rioting at dormitory in Kaki Bukit: Another 22 men ha... twitterurl #singapore
What's your ideal relax plan? ??? Cloud Gazing, Star Gazing.. Swimming at Siloso Beach from sunset to like 8pm? Ha... twitterurl
CVC buys Nordic optical retail chain Synsam: STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Private equity firm CVC Capital Partners ha... twitterurl
The Engineer UK > Fast smartphone charge technology based on biological semiconductors: A Tel Aviv start-up ha... twitterurl
Panda News: Bargain Hatchback Face-Off: New Sandero Vs Used Panda 100HP - Car Throttle: Car ThrottleBargain Ha... twitterurl
Trying twitterusername for the first time. Driver went to my end location instead of my pick up! Ha. Strike 1.
Cech, Terry out till end of the season after last night' shame. Atletico was really a Simeone team ha
#timesofindia #news Apple overstates its damages: Samsung expert: A financial expert said Apple ha... twitterurl #world #india
Product ReviewsiPhone 5 Rumor Roundup: Shipments and Screen SizeseWeekWhile the main focus on Apple this week ha... twitterurl
Samsung Widens Handset Market Share Lead Over Nokia, Apple - Wall Street Journal: NDTVSamsung Widens Ha... twitterurl #science
Speculation of two separate fall iPhone and iPad mini events arises: The general consensus for the past month ha... twitterurl
Samsung infringed on  some Apple patents, jury finds: A U.S. jury said on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co. ha... twitterurl
Apple awarded US$1.051 billion damages in Samsung trial: SAN JOSE (California), Aug 25 ????? A US jury yesterday ha... twitterurl
#aapl Craig Federighi, Apple???s Vice President of Mac Software Engineering & Dan Riccio, Apple???s Vice President of Ha... twitterurl
Apple's iPhone needs to dazzle as market gets crowded: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The new iPhone 5 ha... twitterurl #Tech #News
In the future Blue will have a body like ha mama and when that happens, NOBODY IS SAFE.
I want Bitches to wear they Own hair&see how much of a Bad Bitch u are then ha !
[TODAY] Pastor charged with having oral sex with underage victim: SINGAPORE - A 45-year-old pastor ha... twitterurl #singapore
Shivers murder convictions quashed: A man jailed for murdering two soldiers at Massereene Army base in Antrim ha... twitterurl
MBS, RWS fined for breaching social safeguards: SINGAPORE: The Casino Regulatory Authority of Singapore (CRA) ha... twitterurl
Knt believe i beat twitterusername !!! Ha supposedly "undefeated" asz must had a badd day or been half sleep lol #Ruzzle
Social networks give Australia a throat to choke: Regular government meetings the prize for signing complaint-ha... twitterurl
& I'm only speaking on ha kuz we wud be sleeping 2getha right na .. but I'm done fareal
??twitterusername We will end up fighting before this week out!???Tell my oma get ha bby sum pampers
Personal Development: Personal Development. What is the difference? Counselling helps to explore your feelings of events that have ha...
Ha mom is bringing me McDonald's MOM DO U WANT ME TO BE FAT WELL DO U
Ha wanted to sleep early sleepy end up still so late... night tweets rem MoMo & MiMi, Dong Dong guai guai
Like I said.. Some ppl juz like to bite off more than they can chew.. Serve you right!! HA!
Indonesia names ruling party chairman as graft suspect: JAKARTA: Indonesia's anti-graft body said Friday it ha... twitterurl
Battling Stereotypes, New Moms Face More Stress on the Job: For many moms, job stress was manageable before ha... twitterurl
i remember when Krystal tweeted hearing her parents had sex & i was telling ha how it went ;_____;
??twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername feel some bromance do you :")
How did I miss JT throwing shade back at Kanye?!! I guess me and Karsyn were too busy dancing! Ha!
??twitterusername It's too early to be this mad but idc???your to cute ha too be n your bag Bree!
Ha? ._."twitterusername Thanks wid :D "twitterusername Good bye day 21th in march ? i hope see you in the next year {}""
Panda News: Kung Fu Panda Copyright Claim Hangs On - Courthouse News Service: Kung Fu Panda Copyright Claim Ha... twitterurl
Ha she better not have called me a Bitch in that pic our she really going to have it...
This Coffee Menu Is For Connoisseurs Only:      You think you're a coffe connoisseur? Well then, you should ha... twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername but he's not mean to me :o" THIS IS TO EVERYONE WHO THINKS IM MEAN HA
So, media houses to buy rights for access to broadcasting the inauguration event! HA! Media should maintain peace too!
Soooo..... Madvd wanted atleast one cabinet position and position in 3 committees. Jubilee said "nyet, its open agreement". Ha!
??twitterusername twitterusername Ha!! You angel than I what sia..??? You.......... Haha idk? Okok see you. Eh go where uh?
Scene couple infront of me, the girl like budak sec 1 then the boyfriend like ..... Ha hahhahaha k bye
Told ha ass hell naw she talkin bout oh u must don't like that huh....???? Mannnn BYE FELICIA!!!!!!
AZEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE , tengah buat ape , im so sleepy in class ha... ??? Eat smth.....SOUR then! It'll keep you awake:) twitterurl
reading just one slide of notes is better than not reading anything at all right? ha yes precisely haha
[CNA] "I quit": Singa the Kindness mascot: Singa, the mascot for the Singapore Kindness Movement ha... twitterurl #singapore
Sorry harini mood nak spam pic . Takpe kan ? Hihi . Ha,last night outing dgn crush . Crush suruh aku?? twitterurl
Hahah ya sia twitterusername RT twitterusername I find those Chinese who can't speak Mandarin properly sounds damn cute. Ha.
[CNA] New measures to reduce flood risks: Developers of new projects 0.2 hectares or larger will ha... twitterurl #singapore
A HA! QT twitterusername Why do most men like women with bigger breasts and bigger butts? Find out here: twitterurl
It supposed to be Bui Ngoc Thu Ha! See how they misspelled vietnamese name. tuuhah . @ HELP University twitterurl
Thanks for influencing RT twitterusername Kalau depressed aku cenderung utk tweet questionnier ni. Syok sendiri ha gituuu
[Y!FB] SMRT has investigated the three MRT service disruptions that happened earlier th...: SMRT ha... twitterurl #singapore
#lifestyle #news: Malaysian court jails man who raped, then married girl: Father of four already ha... twitterurl #singapore
Did my manager plan my schedule to end at 6 on friday because its valentines........ha sucks to be me...
Describe your life in five words? ??? Stressful ??? Awesome ??? Typical Sec sch life ??? Problematic but still okay ??? Ha... twitterurl
Meanwhile, on twitterusername a reporter was 'irie' on live tv after coming into prolonged exposure to pot smoke. Ha! Interesting
When you imagine yourself as really, really relaxed and ha... ??? listening to reggae and forgetting about my worries twitterurl
[CNA] Kembangan-Chai Chee Constituency donates S$12,600 to NKF: Kembangan-Chai Chee Constituency ha... twitterurl #singapore
Sad how your only defense is that you didn't tell anyone about my scar and my surgery!  HA!!
Ha what did it invent? MT "twitterusername There is still a lot of leadership left in Infosys: Mohandas Pai"
??twitterusername Ha, Monty produces a snorter to bowl Clarke. Pitched middle and hit off.??? Get the fuck in
[News] Panel suggests ways to tackle rising family violence: The newly-established Family Justice Committee ha... twitterurl
ha. who the f are u tht i hv to wait? just cus u when missing cus of ur insecurities? ??
Quick, someone tell twitterusername the Indian Channels are open again.....and I'm having fun with them! Ha! twitterurl
World Chefs: Justin Quek keeps tradition in French-Asian fusion: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Modern fusion is the ha... twitterurl
[CNA] Alleged match fixer Eric Ding to give defence in court: Alleged match fixer Eric Ding will ha... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] One Million Kg Challenge launched to get S'poreans to keep fit: The Health Promotion Board ha... twitterurl #singapore
So exhausted. Another assessment tomorrow. School is starting to be a little craycray. Ha. I will survive!
twitterusername I dunno. Maybe lightning in Denver? It???s weird ha. And now the next flight is delayed. Starving..
real friends. not fake :> RT twitterusername My real friends really know how to entertain me,ha thank you pals
quick? jacob? r u sure? jacob loh RT twitterusername Quicklyyyyyy "twitterusername Noted notted!! Sbntr take,! RT "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Ha
Found myself in Serangoon Gardens after taking the wrong bus gonna have some drinks with twitterusername instead. ha!
"twitterusername I will sit here and watch karma fuck you :)"what's ur mean Karma Can Fuck the human ha? Hahahaha
Nonono HA! RT twitterusername twitterusername you can ask my mum to take your gums out for free lololol
Maaannneee she sooo fxckn Beautiful 2me !!!!! Idk what it is but I'm Always going thru ha pics
And sushi. Man, im starting to really really like sushi. RT twitterusername twitterusername How about?? all of them. Ha
So used 2sleeping otp wit ha det I immediately jump up when d phone hang up lol ..
Singapore sends Brunei Sultan birthday greetings: Minister in the Prime Minister's Office Lim Swee Say, who ha... twitterurl
War News Updates > Syria Accepts Russia's Chemical Weapons Plan As France Tables U.N. Resolution To Make It Ha... twitterurl
[CNA] Postpone non-urgent travel in view of Typhoon Usagi, advises SIA: Singapore Airlines (SIA) ha... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername RT twitterusername Fast. First. Facts. Someone pass these three words to Willis Raburu. <-- ClanSewe LOL" Busted! Ha! #LootedTweet
Haha will try. ??twitterusername twitterusername Bring her along...Ha! Anyway, send my regards and birthdays greeting to Penny :)???
??twitterusername twitterusername wow the real minah adieq pampered dah sound I. Serrram ni (':??? so funny ha panggil xanchi baru tahu
omg damn cool!! then your mother tongue is malay?? confusing ha... ??? Yup. 3rd language Malay hahaha awww thanks. (: twitterurl
Got nothing here . I can't sleep either "twitterusername twitterusername Ha! Takde painkiller? Something, esok pergi check perut tu."
my aunt is already skinny but I remember she wanted those flat tummy ha ah ok aqilah don't start lol
Describe becca gabrielle ??? NO :P hahaha too many things happened lah err ... sweet , friendly and very random ha... twitterurl
??Ha!??? Takes a Serious Look at Humor: Understanding laughter yields insights into how our brains process a comp... twitterurl
[CNA] DBS to buy Societe Generale's Asian private banking business: Singapore's biggest bank DBS ha... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername twitterurl  I guess Hyungsikkie still not happy with your Ha Minwoo! twitterusername and baby boy & kevomma has taken sides
yeah that's the problem with me, so you think you got the ability to change it? ha not
?????? ??????? RT twitterusername [RM Ep 191] Kwang Ha laughing so hard thanks to their JK hyung xD twitterusername twitterurl
[CNA] NTUC urges more companies to take up Portable Medical Benefits Scheme: The labour movement ha... twitterurl #singapore
It's going down I'm ready timber you better move you better dance ?? Timber (feat. Ke$ha) by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...: Working Student (f/m): HA... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
??twitterusername I sleep with twitter on my face . Maksudnya aku tetido then phone jatuh atas muka. -.-??? haha ha
DEADLY BEAUTIFUL. Think twice ha! I found this when searching for an article abt cancer due to cosmetic products twitterurl
Silence! Ha!...*raises my mug of uji*.... Peace QT twitterusername ClanSewe But...buuut, we want peace. That requires silence.
I LOVE JB! FOLLOW ME RT twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername
Ha RT twitterusername Bayern Munich president says he wanted to lure Arsene Wenger away from Arsenal twitterurl
??twitterusername Otp with boyfriend RT frhxhni: Pesen tweet "bbm-ing" "whatsapp-ing" "texting" ni, pesen apa???? Ha ni jugak. Motippp
[News] PM Lee urges S'poreans to work together to conserve water: SINGAPORE: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ha... twitterurl
My big sister thinks think JT is stealing his new look from Robin Thicke.... ima let ha cook.
Hahaha what luck la ha we have RT twitterusername Mum too RT twitterusername Anyone else's dads read their twitter? Hahaha.
#Technology #Geek New iPad 3 helps boost Apple's tablet market share to 68%: Apple's new iPad 3 ha... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
Apple's new iPhone unlikely to feature NFC technology - experts: Experts at popular technology blog Anandtech ha... twitterurl
Hackers leak Apple device IDs allegedly stored by FBI: A group of computer hackers called AntiSec ha... twitterurl #Tech #News
Breakingviews: Apple may bury hatchet with Google just not yet - Reuters: CBC.caBreakingviews: Apple may bury ha... twitterurl
Apple has LTE patent war chest prepped for Samsung's iPhone 5 threat - TechRadar UK: Hindu Business LineApple ha... twitterurl
3G.co.ukiPhone 5 rumours round-up: 20 bits of hot gossip about Apple's new iPhoneMirror.co.ukThe Apple iPhone ha... twitterurl
They tried to record me singing ke$ha but I caught them, i serenaded them with some queen
Listening to some orchestra concert with earphones on and RHW HAD to destroy it with Ke$ha :(
Tennis: Ice-cool Murray crushes Haase at Australian Open: MELBOURNE: Andy Murray brushed aside Dutchman Robin Ha... twitterurl
This guys can no longer claim ,women dont know true pain. HAHAHA! So who is strong rite now ha?? twitterurl
Ha! RT twitterusername Still not exactly sure what #BigData is but the BBC is interested in it .. #genomics twitterurl
He the one who let it look like its ok for half of TB & others call ha that like :(((((( mkay.
Inside North Korea: 10 Revealing New Satellite Snapshots from Google Maps: ??2013 Google Hoeryong Gulag, North Ha... twitterurl
She was showing out in front of her friends & gat det asz showed out in front of ha friends !!!
Jawn Ha ft. Brian Puspos, Keone Madrid, Mariel & Jillian :: Snap by Audi...: twitterurl --- ugh jawn & brian <3<3<3
+ Fried fresh omena  QT twitterusername We can't get an african pope pris! The vatican kitchen does not ha       (cont) twitterurl
HA b*^%$ "twitterusername Mdm Koh missed voting by 4mins, says was distracted CNY shopping went wrong voting centre twitterurl
[News] New direct city bus service to CBD for Jurong West residents: SINGAPORE: Residents of Jurong West will ha... twitterurl
So Taylor really dressed like Harry on her up coming MV. What do u guys think of that ha?
[ST] Economists expect 1%-3% full-year GDP growth: March 30, 2013 8:14 AMSingapore's economy may ha... twitterurl #singapore
Slippery when wet? Not for geckos: Geckos??? ability to stick to trees and leaves during rainforest downpours ha... twitterurl
what if niall got "ha i got a tattoo sorry u lil fuckers" in massive writing across his back
Ha! QT twitterusername #KANU today signed a post-election agreement to formalize its partnership with the Jubilee Coalition.
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername his birthday is today bro lol??? duh lol, "so big his birthday everyday" ha
Marco Andretti worked overtime in offseason to get ready for 2013 indyCar run: Marco Andretti thinks people ha... twitterurl
Once Havana's most famous bar, Sloppy Joe's reopens after 50 years: HAVANA (Reuters) - Sloppy Joe's, one of Ha... twitterurl
#local #news Woman arrested for using another person's identity card to enter RWS casino: Police ha... twitterurl #singapore
HA! QT twitterusername Are YOU using a strong enough password? The most-used English passwords??in one image: twitterurl
#Manga #Comic #Book This Explains Everything  Deep, Beautiful, and Elegant Theories of How the World Works (Ha... twitterurl
HA. +1 "twitterusername Backstreet Boys cuddle and serenade baby pandas in China. Our excitement is larger than life twitterurl
??twitterusername Mirrors is so long that it's still playing although ive reached cck HA??? but Mirrors is nice!!
Ha I forgot to rub it in ...told ya to tweet twitterusername lots of messages...he read them twitterusername ^^
AsiaClassifiedToday The happiest 5km on the planet comes to S'pore - AsiaOne: AsiaOneThe ha... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Describe twitterusername haha ??? Fun to hangout with , like to disturb people haha , now become hot stuff already! Ha... twitterurl
HDB launches 8,000 flats for sale under joint BTO and SBF exercise: The Housing and Development Board (HDB) ha... twitterurl
Too tired of always being the one taking care of others feelings. My feelings? Ha nobody cares.
Pakistan's Imran Khan home after campaign fall: Pakistan's former cricket star turned politician Imran Khan ha... twitterurl
Yi jia by far the funniest but most lame one plox HAHAHAHA. WHAT TIE SHI KONG, WU LA BA HA!!!!!
[CNA] More efforts in the pipeline to grow pool of social service professionals: A career centre ha... twitterurl #singapore
It's too soon to make a detailed plan because you might not ha... More for Virgo twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: From the Civil War to Civil Rights: The Many Ways Asian Americans Ha... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Wth is wrong with this fucking twitter ha ? Why I can see my own tweets only ? Where's others ? Ppfffttt
Ok u guys go see MTV channel now later got one hantu(chey kidding its actually ke$ha)
"Hey. Why are you being so busybody ha? Tell them that I'm the cutest girl on earth. Hmmm." #throwback?? twitterurl
Get to know the Galaxy S4?s many features from this new official hands-on video: Samsung ha... twitterurl [AndroidAuthority]
[TRE] Khaw discourages ITE & poly grads from pursuing university degree: Finally some wisdom and ha... twitterurl #singapore
Singapore Clake Quay battles rising tide of local criminals at hotspot: Singapore&#039;s popular waterfront ha... twitterurl
i pity you because people dont appreciate you. you ha... ??? catwang didn't ignore me. they're still with me.96s..... twitterurl
cantik :* RT twitterusername me and the lil sis in the new vid !! clearly I'm the cooler sibling ;) ha (cont) twitterurl
::I Miss You OST:: Jung Dong Ha - Just Look At You Lyrics [English Sub, ...: twitterurl via twitterusername
[Y!FB] Chinese authorities are currently looking for director Zhang Yimou, whom they ha...: Chinese... twitterurl #singapore
After SO damn long at the gym I FINALLY saw someone remotely good looking HA ACHIEVEMENT! (Y)
[CNA] PM Lee expresses condolences over former Polish PM's death: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ha... twitterurl #singapore
Pay 10 Percent Less on Your Ha Long Bay, Vietnam Boat Cruise by Way of Backyard Travel. twitterurl
??twitterusername Some ppl tweet too much! You gotta be unemployed & sit on the couch all day tweeting ha???
ellie is playing slendytubbies and i'm fangirling over all ha,llows evil my household is fun rn
Council explains complaint handling process: October 05, 2013 12:52 AMTHE Council for Estate Agencies (CEA) ha... twitterurl
ha the issues that photographers experience during wedding ==> Why You Might Want to Consider an Unplugged Wedding twitterurl
Am willing to treat anybody bfast if they accomopany me to cpf building tmrw mrng. Hahahahaha....ha..
"twitterusername Ha! "twitterusername Its literally a tight race between Philip Kaloki and Harun Mwau. #MakueniByElection"" Dennis, stop it
Insight: Poll shows healthy young adults may keep Obamacare afloat: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Korey Kormick, 29, ha... twitterurl
News story: Task Force Helmand HQ leaves Lashkar Gah: The headquarters of UK military forces in Afghanistan ha... twitterurl
[CNA] Teen sentenced to reformative training for having sex with minors: A multiple offender who ha... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Tang I-Fang "made significant contributions in Singapore's early years": President Tony Tan Keng Yam ha... twitterurl
You don't want to be the serious one now, especially if you ha... More for Leo twitterurl
I just realized that the o in SA node isn't connected so it looks like SA nude... ahaaa ha
It's going down, I'm yelling timber You better move, you better dance... ?? Timber (feat. Ke$ha) by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Singapore scientists crack 'sneak tactics' of dengue virus: January 14, 2014 8:17 AMScientists in Singapore ha... twitterurl
then my dad butt in and was like , ha ! yeah right. you'll beat all the babies up
Totally forgot it was Wednesday that I was like wtf why so many #wcw ? Ha ohhhhhh nadie
I was supposed to tone up all December & January to fit the clothes & sign a contract. ha. imagine that
Ha! ??twitterusername People who swear a lot tend to be more honest, loyal and upfront with their friends.???
The new Google camera now comes with focus shot. Ha. No need depth sensor. Just a pulling back motion?? twitterurl
Ah-ha. No wonder gay people are the most fun I talk with. They call it shade. twitterurl
His name is Isaac. Ha. So polite. Keep saying "next, please" to the girl clicking the slides. HAHA
YEA!! RT twitterusername "twitterusername twitterurl and these two thanks twitterusername hehehe!" HA WE WATCHED IT LIVE IN KOREA WHOOOOO
Vettel resigned to Mercedes Formula One pace: Reigning champ finishes seventh in practice: Sebastian Vettel ha... twitterurl
Dubai Airport to Get Runway Overhaul, Forcing Airlines to Different Airport: It's always good to ha... twitterurl via twitterusername
[TheVerge] Twitter rolls out redesigned user profiles to everyone: After several weeks of??testing its redesigned profiles, Twitter ha...
Who's guilty of this? Hope this guy is a Malaysian or it'll be pot kettle black. HA twitterurl
"twitterusername We've been in this situation before and #ClutchCity was born. Toyota Center Wednesday night, see you there!  #RedNation" HA????
Another police report. Rushing down to the hostel now. But this time, we're the ones making the report. Ha
Fuk stupid... But she swear I'm the bad guy.. Ha.. Just going to lab her ass were she at
Ha! Im just seeing this... #WheaDaTwerkasAt!? RT twitterusername twitterusername made my whole night!!!! Lol I ??? my BD!!!!
She talm bout ima tell mama what u n that boy be Texting about.. wtf. I beat ha ass up
At least I did not like "booked a hotel and flight" already.. HA! I guess nobody wanna smell u.. :/
#India #Book The Kate Middleton Handbook Everything You Need to Know About Kate Middleton Edited by Darlene Ha... twitterurl
Not you la buddy! Ha... RT twitterusername twitterusername huh, don't have to wait. I'm right here what!
You can -_- me all u want.. you love me and there's nothing u can do about it!!! Ha!!
Jawn freaking Ha, Brian Puspos, Chris bloody Martin, Emilio, Quick Crew, Anthony Lee, Pat Cruz, Lando Wilkins....
I know this one honey. I call ha trackstar cuz when we fuck she run from me.
[CNA] IDA takes action against errant telcos, PRS providers: The Info-comm Development Authority ha... twitterurl #singapore
Ha! Gotta luv the bruhz!! Lol   RTtwitterusername 2:22 but I'm saving my juice for 2marro. Somebody (cont) twitterurl
Being friendly Is good. But being over friendly to your friends Boyf is not good. HA. Okay thanks k.
Most diners accept hawker food price rises: ST poll - The Straits Times - Straits Times: Most diners accept ha... twitterurl
Online vice ring: Former Swiss banker found guilty: April 30, 2013 3:47 PMFormer Swiss banker Juerg Buergin ha... twitterurl
Etihad opens new engineering facility at Changi Airport: May 02, 2013 4:38 PMAbu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways ha... twitterurl
High Blood Pressure Linked to Better Quality of Life in Teens: Teenagers with high blood pressure appear to ha... twitterurl
Cheap cheap for migraine cure. Pfft! RT twitterusername twitterusername haa then like that I dowan pay $10.. Ha
woke up early and gave my mom a bouquet of flower. got 3 kisses on my cheeks and forehead ha!
Over hur cryn laughing twitterusername !!! Bruh say d most random shxt & jus be carrying on by ha damn self ????
Jekyll into Hyde: Breathing auto emissions turns HDL cholesterol from ???good??? to ???bad???: Academic researchers ha... twitterurl
Ha twitterusername RT twitterusername The Independent says Singapore's No 1 soccer fan is... Ho Peng Kee? Haha okay then. twitterurl
not sleeping yet heh idk why~ i don't even feel tired when i turn the laptop on HA
Hate myself for this. Feel like breaking down ha. Shall do what I do best to relive stress.
"Ya mammy need to come get y'all, wit ha trifling ass" in my Ricky smiley voice kmsl
Time to have a shower and meet my girls for a night of studying (HOPEFULLY IT IS PRODUCTIVE) ha
[CNA] New coins still not accepted by some vending machines: About 60 million Third Series coins ha... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername I'm being selfie queen rn, and this lady is WATCHING ME! I hope she likes what she sees." Ha
Almost 9 minute & they haven't notice it's a typo, I'm gonna have fun curating next week muahahaha ha
A Ha! Heard that? QT twitterusername Watching too much porn can actually cause depression, anxiety and erectile dysfunction.
Early morning ha? O_O #ggmu  RT"twitterusername Next game: Man Utd vs Southampton 31/1/2013 Thursday 4:00 AM"
ha RT twitterusername someone go shopping with me bc no one wants to bc no friends bc sad life
What if one day you actually strikes a conversation w me? HA. Wouldn't think further. Mega joke.
Wanna come??? ??twitterusername "twitterusername Ha! RT twitterusername twitterusername when are we doing lunch" ikr mel no invite for us!???
Zuckerberg owns nearly a third of Facebook: US regulators: SAN FRANCISCO: Mark Zuckerberg's stake in Facebook ha... twitterurl
No fallout detected from N. Korea nuclear test: South: SEOUL: South Korean nuclear experts said Thursday they ha... twitterurl
twitterurl Courts Asia reports 21.6% rise in Q3 net profit: SINGAPORE : Mainboard-listed Courts Asia ha... twitterurl
Instead of singing "I Have Nothing" I ought to change the line to "I Am Nothing" ha
Street theatre catches fancy of India's youth: NEW DELHI: Theatre, which is a big part of Indian tradition, ha... twitterurl
But my dear husband is SO full of ideas..we went up bought home many many things..ha! So tired~~
[News] NMP cautions against excessive curbing of talent flow to S'pore: SINGAPORE: Nominated MP Tan Su Shan ha... twitterurl
iPhone has a better cam than Curiosity - CNET: CBC.caiPhone has a better cam than CuriosityCNETWhy your phone ha... twitterurl
Apple and Amazon review security after hack: Apple and Amazon are overhauling their security procedures after ha... twitterurl
Everything That Might Be True About the iPhone 5: Rumors of an upcoming iPhone 5 release ha... twitterurl twitterurl
Samsung/Apple ??? a dynamic rivalry: Phone users could be ultimate beneficiaries of this contest as makers work ha... twitterurl
RT twitterusername twitterurl Apple Vs. Samsung: Q&A With Scott Freeze: Consumer electronics giants Apple and Samsung ha ...
RT twitterusername Motorola is trying to ban iPad, iPhone, and Mac imports into the US. Ha.  twitterurl
engadget Citizen Eco-Drive Proximity watch notifies iPhone owners without betraying their nerd status:   It's ha... twitterurl
Second week of school and i feel damn shagged already. Hahahais. Kar ta pe nam ti kia rhu ha ye. :(
India's tough new security plan: a brochure with every device: Vendors cry foul over packaging problems India ha... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: This Particular Nomination May Not Be About Obama; It's About Chuck Ha... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Zappa score joins classical festival: A controversial orchestral film score by music legend Frank Zappa is to ha... twitterurl
TV theme songs get govt funding: Seven budding and established local composers, musicians and music producers ha... twitterurl
what is most better ? Couple or Single ? why ? ??? Well you know everyone ha their own opinion,sometimes couple is... twitterurl
Ha , let me see hw many ppl i hv distanced , 5? Too less edi shall go more
I had successfully made my little brother listened to Justin bieber's. I am now a very proud big sister HA! ??
HA! RT twitterusername Some people usually feel the need to talk big just to cover something "small".
Omg me too! QT twitterusername Ha I read the sweethearts-reunited story n gots no feelings. #heartless
Picture together before siokwowang  go to India. Come back in 1pc ha! take care! i will miss you! Hahaha twitterurl
Please give me a reason 2 run ha head n2 det window or brick wall !! Her choice
i have two spots and a freckle and i have orion's belt on my face ha ew twitterurl
6 days to study for 6 papers fuck my life la can I just quit school ha
Lmmfao !!!! If twitterusername don't stop playin wit ha life !!!! I BEEN THICK !! Jus dont like det girly shxt -.-
Dear crush. Why you so beautiful ha ? Always make me melting when see you on TL. :3  #EnglishTerabur hahahaha. XD
I asked who is a Liverpool fan from Delhi but ended up people telling me they are going there ? HA.
Bitch betta get ha "not by a hair on my chinny chin chin" warewolf lookin ass on somewhere
AsiaClassifiedToday Fingers point to Riau governor on illegal logging permits leading to ha... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
[TheVerge] HTC predicts a challenging holiday season with shrinking revenues: Following last month's??unaudited disclosure that HTC ha...
Pharma giant Roche does deal to develop superbug killer: Pharmaceuticals giant Roche said on Monday that it ha... twitterurl
Wah! Taliban talking about Pakistani government being ineffective in safeguarding its territorial sovereignty vs the US. Ha!
Ha! QT twitterusername ??twitterusername The bid to gag Kenya's press confirms that choices indeed have consequences???>You didn't know that?
[News] Orchard Rd retailers step up efforts against dengue outbreak: Retailers and malls along Orchard Road ha... twitterurl
(cont'd) Yep. NUS got offered this course as part time (Industrial and Management Engineering). Ar ha, maybe not electronics anymore.
Photo: The Doctor discovers the delights of IKEAland! ??Jag vill ha n??got riktigt svenskt??? #IKEAadventure... twitterurl
Have you contributed to the charity? If yes, what did... ??? money, clothes and more money, and getting scammed ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername the hardest part after ate maggie is washing its container -,-???ha no need to wash it lah just recycle
"Exofanbase: [CAP] Chanyeol was crying on next week episode's preview ;____; twitterurl NGAPA KAU NANGIS HA BAEKHYUN NGAPAIN
Ha. Hope that this Is not the bus route you have to take. And buzz off fucking hell.
DouglasECastleFLASH My tweets:  Sun, 18:18: ReutersDEALS Watchdog tells BlackRock to show its ha... twitterurl Pls. ReTweet!
Wassup Ha Dong Hoon (HAHA)! Welcome to my country. Let me show you the beauty of Asia #Malaysia
That's why I miss Noehly man she real as fuck and fuck anybody that don't fuck with ha
"twitterusername [PIC] 131215 #MinWoo @ KBS Dream Team Recording (cr. photo_YSJY)  twitterurl "ha I got ur hat .....I win!"
I'm really inappropriate online. have you seen me in school? hahahahaha hahah ha h a I'm a total joke.
[News] AVA launches free pet health check series: The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) ha... twitterurl
FAVOURITE TWEET ORANG LAIN PUN SALAH KE ? ha seriously salah ?! Seriously?! Anyone tell me seriously salah ?!!! Seriously?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[TheVerge] Samsung avoids court sanctions for leaking secret Apple licensing agreement: Samsung and Apple's drawn-out legal battle ha...
Think, Singapore! > In Seoul, reserved seating spawns young-old conflict: By Young-Ha Kim, Published The Strai... twitterurl
War News Updates > The Ultimate R.I.P. Bullet That Will Stop Attackers In Their Tracks: New ???R.I.P.??? Bullet Ha... twitterurl
[Y!] My mistakes?? why punish my family?: Singapore ???Road Bully???: The driver of a Honda Civic who ha... twitterurl #singapore
#GoneClear twitterusername #FlappyBird shout me yeah... (wish u didnt show it me tho stresses me out ha) twitterurl
Yes? What can i help you? :') "twitterusername Ha twitterusername RT twitterusername twitterusername yes, im here. What is it?"
[CNA] No arrests by first responders to riot due to manpower constraints, says ASP: It would not ha... twitterurl #singapore
But the bright side is i got extra money. RM25 a night . Ha just for teaching. Thanks
Dynavax withdraws EU marketing application for Hep B vaccine: (Reuters) - Dynavax Technologies Corp said it ha... twitterurl
3 new members appointed to workplace safety council: SINGAPORE - Acting Minister for Manpower Tan Chuan-Jin ha... twitterurl
slept really early last night so much for waking up at 11pm to study ha why why why headache, why
War News Updates > Britain's MOD Admits That The RAF Has Fired Missiles In Afghanistan Using US Drones: RAF Ha... twitterurl
Ar ha. My younger brother returned home and he replaced the modem. No longer disconnecting repeatedly anymore. Yay~
twitterurl Park Hyungsik - Humm those chips looks nice Ha Min Woo - *pulls the bag away* NO ..BAD BabySik! twitterusername twitterusername
Fernando Alonso, Ferrari still struggling under new Formula One regulations: Both Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen ha... twitterurl
Told ha I be dealing with some real life shit she be asking when bitch when I feel like it
[BT] CAD seeks data on 3 ITE Electric officers: April 03, 2014 7:35 PMWHITE-COLLAR investigators ha... twitterurl #singapore
Looks like I will have work to do tomorrow morning and I actually feel great because of it. Ha, strange.
[Y!FB] This has to be way better than those discounted exercise classes you'll never ac...: This ha... twitterurl #singapore
Bitches used to break they neck to speak to me , now the lil bitches wanna beef with me .. #HA.
ha why the fuck must i care so much for someone who doesnt even gives a shit about me
??twitterusername RT twitterusername You disgust me. Have your own sense of originality ha. See you no up.???
I see you trying to handcuff ha on the sleak stop tripping you can't control that freak.
Some guys always have this kind of mindset "aku nak dia, mesti aku dapat" ha. I repeat, SOME.  -.-"
Ah ha. World shrinking by the minute twitterusername | Great to catch up again even though circumstances a bit odd | twitterusername
If I showed you what I promised not to tell , ha , that'll be like a slap in your face .
Washin to release Hatsune Miku gaming glasses: Washin, a eye glass store chain has revealed its Ha... twitterurl via twitterusername
did i ask u to speak RT twitterusername lmfao i should've known zong hit tweet limit hA
HA RT twitterusername Love is like an hourglass with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
A Power Bar With a Removable Battery Charges Your Devices Wherever You Roam:      The addition of USB ports ha... twitterurl
Den got one keep staring at me.. *run away* but he got cute a bit.. HA! 38 leh!
Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag Collector's Editions announced: Hopefully most of you reading this post will ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername your parents forgot to use a condom haahahah ??? ha so did yours twitterurl HAHAHAHAHA FUCKING BURN
??twitterusername #HaHaFacts HaHa have a older sister name Ha Joori (Piano teacher of SHINee Jonghyun)??? omg so cool!!
??twitterusername And i amthe type of girl who will playing guitar for my bf hehehe xD??? for me la ha ??
??twitterusername Bebe ingat ka sa flight mo ha? Love youuu! See you soon! twitterusername :)??? -thank bebe! Love you!
seeing them bootlick you each time makes me feel like puking. ha, you all disgust me to the max yo.
Atotnyewwww. Hehe RT twitterusername Bising TL ngn bdk2 class. Ha jgn lupe esok class ganti kol 830 ye. Xdtg rotan !
WATCH: Ruslan Tsarni, Uncle of Boston Bombings Suspects, Speaks: In one of the most compelling moments of a ha... twitterurl
TechIndia Apple iPhone 4 'useless for left-handers' - Daily News & Analysis: Apple iPhone 4 'useless for left-ha... twitterurl
Apple v. Samsung Jurors Speak, Skipped Prior Art For "Bogging Us Down": eldavojohn writes "PJ over at Groklaw ha... twitterurl
TechIndia FBI disputes claims of hackers' Apple data breach - Economic Times: USA TODAYFBI disputes claims of ha... twitterurl
Fully-assembled iPhone 5 pictured side-by-side with iPhone 4: French blog Nowhereelse.fr ha... twitterurl twitterurl
#Latest #Tech #News Will Apple's new iPhone see breakout sales?: In the past, Apple's smartphones ha... twitterurl #ndtv #tech
Ha i didnt tear did time . Isit i hv totally givup on us . Hopefully , so i wont be sad overthinking
SCREAMINGGGGG. He never told ha he had drug problems & they were dating 4 so long, I can't ??.
Ultra-marathoner sets new personal best in Brazil: SINGAPORE: Singaporean long-distance runner Lim Nghee Huat ha... twitterurl
"Here we go again, same old shit again, up n down this mrt line...weilo weilo weilo weilo ah ha"
Ha it be sad when they families be out there rooting for them and they don't make it.
#Gadget #Deal The Millionaire Teacher By (author) Andrew Hallam: The Millionaire Teacher By (author) Andrew Ha... twitterurl
Wag ka mahiya just talk to us and bond wi us ha Dainielle to..... ??? Aw thanks dainielle :) twitterurl
The bird serving flight HA 801 has its battery enveloped in new metal casings cc twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
the car is too big for me.i want a small car please ha like minicooper macam matyoh hahahahaa
Photos: Missing Children Cases With Happy Endings: Ohio women Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michele Knight ha... twitterurl
The Engineer UK > 'Invisible' woven patterns could help detect counterfeit clothing: A researcher in Sweden ha... twitterurl
'The stuff of Nobel prizes': Rsearch claims antibiotics could cure 40% of chronic back pain patients: Up to ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername check this diva out!!  asleep with his shades on  pfft ha !! :) x twitterurl hahahha omg so cuuute
NEA: Multi-agency task force tackles outdoor mosquito breeding sites: May 13, 2013 1:35 AMMOSQUITO breeding ha... twitterurl
"Dear teachers, if you fail me you get me next semester." HA YES MY LIFE STORY RN
:"D eh RT twitterusername Ha o tsebe Ho fesha ! ??twitterusername Yes .. You should be ashamed RT ... twitterurl
Ha? RT twitterusername "A Muslim is not a true Muslim is he not believe and love Jesus Christ"
So many memories in my phone actually...and i didnt delete it. I dont know why. Ha.
I jus wanna ball up beside her , face buried in ha side n cry !! Til I fall asleep
Ha ! lol RT twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername smh..she bored bra!! Lol???she trying to feed u tho lol
Get crunk! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Mymy crying for my beer unhealthy!???Lol mite make ha go ta sleep early
Ha. RT twitterusername Sometimes you only forgive a person because you can???t imagine not having them in your life.
Two beauties in one photo: Ha Ji Young and #Sooyoung pose for their 'anniversary' twitterurl #SNSD twitterurl
Ah ha! ;) RT twitterusername twitterusername I saw it on the billboard near my house.. :) so who can I blame to?
When you imagine yourself as really, really relaxed and ha... ??? Being so comfortable with someone and having fun :( twitterurl
Menu of hamburger prints and denim ends Milan men's fashion week: MILAN (Reuters) - Top designers presented ha... twitterurl
'Infinity Challenge' Music Festival Special - HAHA partner with Jang Ki Ha and the Faces. (photo via twitterusername twitterurl
Describe twitterusername ??? Haven't played w/ him much, but he's definitely fast enough to beat me off the dribble. Ha... twitterurl
[ST] More cyclicts fitting bikes with cameras to collect evidence: September 28, 2013 8:13 AMYou ha... twitterurl #singapore
in the end, i still laid my hands on a crumpler barrel bag for my gym purpose. ha!
Now this is the kind of news I like twitterusername dear Al Kebab, in your face, HA!
Ha! QT twitterusername To those KDF guys including Karangi, Ole Beverages pamoja na President. Dawa ndio hii -----> twitterurl
"twitterusername Don't get mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person you took for granted."Ha!
I cant go out alone serious.Atleast i need someOne to accompany me ha adik pun boleh takpun atok
i hate when someone 'babe' me but only i can babe people do u know what i mean ha
??twitterusername Oh, I offended you with my opinion? Ha, you should hear the ones I kept to myself.???
Lmmfao she gone kick my asz if we ever see each other again .. stay fxckn wit ha
Malaysia bans Ke$ha concert, saying it would hurt cultural, religious sensitivities and the ears of many concert goers.
Does anyone realise that Ke$ha sexed up her image recently? Esp for Timber. I kinda like it tho.
ken0t study if I get a boyfriend tht hv body like this ah ha mantap padu twitterurl
Fukushima: Five big questions: The meltdowns of three reactors at Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant may ha... twitterurl
New York Finally Dresses Down: Lycra tops and yoga pants, the preferred dress code for fit California moms, ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername fahq. he cannot wear his Fred Perry's to school hahahahahahahaha HA.??? srs pussykins twitterusername
#SORRYBTOB omg ? Ano to ? =____= </////3 WE LOVE YOU BTOB GRABII BABALIK KAYO HA DI KO PA KAYO NAKIKITA <///3
[Y!FB] The charming cafes nestled among pre-war residential buildings in Tiong Bahru ha...: The cha... twitterurl #singapore
Telenor and Ooredoo hail Myanmar telecom licence deal: Norway's Telenor and Qatari firm Ooredoo on Thursday ha... twitterurl
[Y!] Popular travel agency Five Star Tours abruptly shuts down, customers stranded: It could not ha... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Smooth traffic flow on MCE since opening: LTA: The Land Transport Authority says motorists ha... twitterurl #singapore
Well: Pain Relievers May Amplify Flu Spread: Taking drugs like aspirin, acetaminophen or ibuprofen when you ha... twitterurl
Brother told me Warren you Dj you got a job you doing something you can find don't sweat ha
Danie ! LuWifey <3 twitterusername Happy Belated Birthday sayo ! I love you bunso <3 ingat lagi ha ^^ God Bless <3
??twitterusername When Someone Disrespects Me twitterurl All this time I thought Sharkeisha was a shark's nickname..HA
Ha! Adonis? I'm Hercules & Aphrodite in one baby "twitterusername twitterusername Sewe hardly! Probably a sack of charcoal himself"
Nuclear Security Summit useful, but more countries need to be involved: PM Lee: The Nuclear Security Summit ha... twitterurl
Singapore thanks Netherlands for supporting EU-Singapore FTA: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong arrived in The Ha... twitterurl
they should do surah Maryam. I love the beginning , Kaf Ha Ya Ain Suad. Gives me the chills hahah
Tuning up in the NHRA Mello Yello series: Courtney Force's Autoweek blog: John Force Racing Top Fuel driver ha... twitterurl
10 charged for falsely declaring 41 foreign employees??? salaries: SINGAPORE - The Ministry of Manpower (MOM) ha... twitterurl
Ha gua dah agak dah mmg aston villa gol dlu.nice gol by delph.chelsea maen 10 org william kne red card.
now i have that kind of guilty feeling for sitting around watching tv. is that wrong. ha.
North, South Korea exchange fire: A day after raising the possibility of further nuclear tests, North Korea ha... twitterurl
lol, things cheon song yi used- selling on carousell, everyone's copying her including me ha she's perfect
Ily can you stop being cute ha?! ??? Ily is my friend nick name , her real name is Suhaily twitterurl
Ha! Malaysian paper converts 50 Cent's name to ringgit | I like the rapper RM1.50 via twitterusername twitterurl via twitterusername
O ha! Patty greeted me! Thanks patty! I have ur cake here too! Glad ur feeling better??twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday buddy!!!!"
The devil really been trying to steal my moment. . . #Ha lil do he know I serve a mighty God an no weapons will reach me
Antyways my other fave doing her thang tho! Let me be over here with ha Cougar ass cause her nigga on some other shit ;_;
Mybe lots of people had listened to #ke$ha #dieyoung so they died suddenly in a young age? Loll. Just sayin' no serious argument
My mother is really boiling all my bathing suits in hot water cause they have been sitting in a bin.. Ha love her tho!
Everyday when I patronise this coffeshop, I treat it as National Service. Teaching the PRC helpers to converse simple English. Improving. Ha
How do you get to know hadi? :) ??? We first saw each other at the library. we started talking on Fb after that ha... twitterurl
i can f / w my law im knowin if we go out we gone cut up she booku old but she do ha shxt
"telephone" what's your name? "i'm sori" ha? you never make mistake to me "what you mean? i'm sori" noo, you never make mistake, you crazy?
New dock gives away new iPhone design and colour: Even more leaked components of the new iPhone and iPad mini ha... twitterurl
RT twitterusername Apple awarded US$1.051 billion damages in Samsung trial: SAN JOSE (California), Aug 25 ????? A US jury yesterday ha... http ...
Apple/Samsung dispute not yet made it to China: Xinhua: BEIJING (Reuters) - A patent dispute between Apple and Samsung Electronics ha...
Photos of iPhone 5 Battery in Rear Shell, Compared to iPhone 4S Battery: While photos of the iPhone 5 battery ha... twitterurl
The Latest iPhone 5 Rumor Is That It Is Going To Save The US Economy (AAPL): JP Morgan analyst??Michael Feroli??ha... twitterurl
"Bella, you gave me everything just by breathing" omg edward pehal kau nak sweet sangat ha!!!! Omg i'm crying!!! No  :(((( ok over -.-
ha cat got your tongue bitch? do your self a favor & unfollow MYnigga! hoe ass bitch! twitterusername before I really get rowdy!
Once someone play with my name, even in a joke way...seriously, i malas nak layan you already. That's me. Tak pandang langsung. Ha. Sorry.
Lol this guy said "whoa I ain't never seen Chinese twins in Texas before" when he saw me & twitterusername ha wtf we're not Chinese tho??
Snow causes long queues at Heathrow: A backlog of cancelled and delayed flights at Heathrow, due to the snow, ha... twitterurl
"twitterusername i question why i watch cute films like the notebook or 500 days of summer because lol i feel so alone ha"
Ngintu gen duit RT twitterusername Haha, ,10 rbu wra ha :D twitterusername Rugi 10ribu kd trun RT twitterusername Wah rajin lhe bray :D twitterusername
QT twitterusername Book a date with #NTV for the Presidential Debate on Feb 11,2013. Join the conversation using ha  (cont) twitterurl
Oh ya. I am supposed to catch up with my running man. Then white collar . Then family outing . Then lying game . Then O ha ni! OMG TIME
A+ HA."twitterusername Why the fuck do we have to do an essay of 350 words on promises because of a guy who was day-dreaming in class?"
Senior Counsel Lionel Yee sworn in as Judicial Commissioner: February 01, 2013 2:03 PMMr Lionel Yee Woon Chin ha... twitterurl
"twitterusername oh yeah pierce the veil is coming to singapore in 5 days & i cant go oh its not like this cliff is here for anything ha" :((
ha! funny f#%^ers RT twitterusername WP supporters at Blk 322 singing "PAP is falling down" to London Bridge tune #punggoleast
I'm abit high... So if I don't get hoe by morning... Means I lost my phone or hit mw head and ha
I need to be at Outram Park by 8am, then head back to Tampines after my check up. Ha, long day.
HA HAAAI PASAR CHONG PANG TUTUP SHIAN RT twitterusername Cant believe that i went to 200 plus pasar haha alone haha
Describe Ilham. Better be good :D ??? he's a sarcastic & funny person! I always kesian him when he kena bullied HA... twitterurl
I hope you fall and slip into the bowling lane T^T ha... ??? SOMEHOW GOT A FEELING THIS IS AZ........................ twitterurl
Ya. Awusiyena uLil wayne tseek :"D RT twitterusername U call them bitches and there's a big whoo ha...Lil Wayne calls ... twitterurl
How you gone call me alll out my name, come at me hella hard, talk about allll the bitches you gone get, then expect something from me ? Ha.
??twitterusername Ke$ha has a crush on Harry Styles. She said he's a young Mick Jagger! #fb??? Mick Jagger is ugly so like........
Who's your most respected senior in the school? ??? The one I respect the most? Silas low. Respected in school? Ha... twitterurl
Toilets needed at historic temple: August 27, 2013 12:07 AMKWAN Im Thong Hood Cho Temple in Waterloo Street ha... twitterurl
How would you propose to your future wife? ??? It's dull but a flower is a need. I will plan the rest next time HA... twitterurl
I'm guessing it's me ha do I get a reward for effort ??? HAHA HI LISA. yes I give you gold sticker too twitterurl
I'm getting the vibe that Alex pretty much just loves everyone and that makes me sad bc I wish I was more like that ha
[ST] $848 for an iPhone 5C? iDon't want: September 12, 2013 7:48 AMIt was hailed as a "low-cost" ha... twitterurl #singapore
MT twitterusername My breakfast is vodka & thinking about twitterusername b***s. Someone tell her to holla @ me. Ha! [Oh God, what have I done]
who is the friendliest in afterlife ??? actually we are a very bitchy and unfriendly bunch but I would say cara HA... twitterurl
Am I a loser that I got happy a'f that my mom got me the great gatsby.... No no I am not ha
ha she lied to you everytime she talk to so many boys ??? its okay :') and who is she we are talking about ? twitterurl
Nah im totally okay with it. I wont judge you :) be my friend even though I dont ha... ??? hehe sure who are you? :-) twitterurl
"twitterusername Transient patriotic juices flow. Ha!" As I told twitterusername in the morning. Let's compare notes once Katumani 1 is back in ICC
Ha twitterusername the Catholic Jesus reduced your CD4 count beceuse you've been a naughty boy. Wait for m9mmy to throw holy water bombs at u.
Will you approach to your friend to say Hi whom you ha... ??? Depends. Sometimes I try to avoid awkward conversation. twitterurl
Ouhk hmmm, august spincity come down ehk, this time dont be shy k ha... ??? Hahaha, yeah i hopebso i wont...see ya :) twitterurl
Is it just me or twitterusername hasn't tweet for the past two days? Hope everything is okay with you ha, kuya? #MyHusbandsLoverDay35
can you name 2 handsome guys in your sch? and also ha... ??? Too many good looking guys in school. So yeah. Nvm. I... twitterurl
Forging a new path for Singapore: August 22, 2013 12:46 AMAS AN ITE College Central student, I am proud and ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername I can't position myself comfortably against the couch bc of the vaccinations ugh idk why but it's hurting even more right now.???HA
Four food outlets' licences revoked for passing beef off as mutton: April 26, 2013 6:32 PMFour food outlets ha... twitterurl
I wish people would stop telling me shit I don't care about. Bc I'm so nice I have to act like I care -_- ha
Ha Dong Hoon and Lee Kwang Soo is going to have a fan meet in Singapore ! 20July & 17August ! DAMN I WANT TO GO ???????
Kenapa saya ada terbaca satu forum dia kata the chicken rice shop diragui sijil halal ha RT twitterusername : sedaplahh.then chicken rice shop?
Take care of Miranda man~ if not I tok you cui cui ha... ??? LOL!! You don't need tell me uh,I sure takecare of he... twitterurl
But what's the chance of going to uni through the pol... ??? The chances are smaller...but the advantage is you ha... twitterurl
[YH!SG] #FreeMyInternet ??? Why the big hoo-ha?: It???s been five crazy days. Most of the bloggers I kn... twitterurl #singapore
Who do you think is the best person to you in volleyb... ??? Definitely sonia.  She's motivating and im glad to ha... twitterurl
You ignored my first question and answer my second qu... ??? Judging from your lack of grammatical power! Erm I ha... twitterurl
Lucky today's daytime underwear got kwaliti. What if its 3 for $10 ones? So embarrassing. I sleep with the cheap ones on. HA!
No money hahahaha I also don't know if I going becaus... ??? Alamak... Okay nevermind. Looks like not going uh. HA... twitterurl
Ha Jung Woo, Jung Kyung Ho, Uhm Tae Woong and TOP at the same event aka Busan International Film Festival? *drift to lalaland*
Talaga lang ha?! Hahahahaha RT twitterusername Hearing your name when no one is actually calling you is a sign of a healthy mind.
To quality my "ha" from the previous tweet, I've just had too many experiences of my POV of events being more correct and accurate than most
what ice cream flavour do you like? :) ??? I love nuts. So anything with nuts or nut flavored like Macademia or Ha... twitterurl
You got depression? Oh my! Please take care of your h... ??? hahah, trying to seek counselling tho. but doesn't ha... twitterurl
yay! Shes back! RT twitterusername Ha Ji-won lands leading MBC role as an Empress in an upcoming sageuk drama. twitterurl
So we gettin audited today & as soon as the auditor pulled in the parking lot it was time to punch out! #HA #SeeYall #ImGone #GoodLuck
What would you do if someone sent you hate messages o... ??? Say hi hahaha I don't expect to have absolutely no ha... twitterurl
Yahoo bought Tumblr for over ??700 million. I need to create the next big social addiction ha. More ppl hooked on these things than crack lol
I'm moving to DRC in that period! Ha! QT twitterusername Coast bound :D RT twitterusername Next Friday, a time like this.
I wont ! lol RT twitterusername twitterusername of course right, lol. Don't leave my request in limbo for like right days 'n shit ha!
I seriously shouldn't be allow to talk about football. Well, more like not talking about my favourite players. All I do is insult them. HA .
Why tf my ex jus kal & say fall asleep otp wit ha !!?!??? Ummm wtf ! Knowing damn well we'on get down like det nomo !! Sorry ??
Totally shoot him when he fb me just now. Ha fucker in ur face. Be thankful I didn't even block u there.
Envy much twitterusername & twitterusername Wala ako jan sa wedding of the year! Beach wedding ba ang set-up? Photos ha!!! Can't wait!
Thoughts about people who play shirt? ??? Haha what even..Hmmm i dont really mind being friends with them coz i ha... twitterurl
[News] Works on three Thomson Line stations to start next year: LTA: Four civil contracts worth S$1 billion ha... twitterurl
[Y!FB] US artiste #Ke$ha sure is willing to take the risk for her fans during a perform...: US arti... twitterurl #singapore
Twice only? I thought you had like 4 or 5 ex? What ha... ??? When I sit down and think about it,it started off as ... twitterurl
Follow my only true friend of 10 years twitterusername .. she starting new so fxck wit ha & stay tuned fa REAL tweets :)
The Power of a Daily Bout of Exercise: A new study suggests a moderate daily exercise session can blunt the ha... twitterurl
it is december;those yg sedang waiting for someone since november&those yg byk sangat sakit since november,,,,.ha u can stop that bullshits
plus at he least remembers my brother's bday. unlike you, too insecure till u have to leave everyth hanging without telling anyth. ha.
Ha u kno when niggas say dey gone stop drinkn it hardly ever works #DaLifestyle  RT twitterusername twitterusername lol! What ya tryin ta say? Lol
Only 1 kid kinda boring..ha..I wish 2 have three?! maybe :) hee..if v r doing good financially and coping well physically + mentally!
[Y!FB] #HDB has started selling flats to singles, but some people don't think well of t...: #HDB ha... twitterurl #singapore
rocky's bru: Don't ban Ke$ha, Ban Suaram! twitterurl SUARAM is a clear & present danger to MY, Gomen shd not ignore them
I don???t really like Ke$ha???s music but she should come to Singapore or Thailand instead. Our lands are civilised.
What's the longest you've waited in line and what were you waiting fo... ??? idk hw long and i am waiting for food ha twitterurl
Singapore no longer No 1 in expatriates' eyes: After holding the top spot for the past two years, Singapore ha... twitterurl
Hi!!! Im kinda bored. I see that you are too! So i ha... ??? that depends on how much the person actually meant to... twitterurl
Ha? Apa hub ma Roni? "twitterusername *mau mention roni armor tapi gak sido* "twitterusername twitterusername who do you mean with he?""
Nothing wrong with that RT twitterusername Imagine asking your girl to go 50/50 on the bill. Like? Ha! Come on dude!
Chillax yo~ *Photoshops* own face on that girl xDDD RT twitterusername YA HA MINWOO! WHAT IS THIS? twitterusername twitterurl  *CRIES A RIVER*
Tgh2 buat cleanup Kat PC ternampak plak saved FB convo between a cousin and a DOG. Ehhh mana pergi anjing tu ha???
I dont know what they are talking about ha. If i am not wrong, she scolded h... ??? I think I know her. Uniqlo right? twitterurl
lol keep telling me i come school for three days in a month all so irritating ha what you gonna do to me
Forget all the hoo-ha about SBY staying in a luxury tent at Sinabung. See how the people are coping with the eruption twitterurl
Even aunt like what i said , ha dad you r sucha failure . Didnt know your eldest daughter attitude endedup like urs ??????ur karma coming ??????
I was reading a football magazine then a lady next to me handed me In Style magazine and said "Here. This is more interesting". Ha nope.
[Y!FB] SMRT has come under fire for downplaying Monday???s 90-minute train delay on the N...: SMRT ha... twitterurl #singapore
Tak sampai hati nak sakit kan hati orang. Cos i know how it feels like being hurt by someone. But still, there's ppl always hurt HA
??twitterusername twitterusername I will come & see you no matter what time it is baby boo??? ha okaaaayyy I'll call yea wen I arrive.
What's one book you really want to read but don't cur... ??? Ummm, "I know why the caged bird sings"? :/ idk, I ha... twitterurl
Ha! RT twitterusername It is not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts. -Addison Walker
Sooner or later they will leave you and you will have... ??? what makes u think everyone notices me??????? they ha... twitterurl
iPhone Air Concept Shows Larger 4.7-inch Display:  What will the iPhone 6 look like? We don???t really have a clue yet, though there ha...
[Y!FB] Is snoring affecting your sleep? We've got some tips to help manage a snoring ha...: Is snor... twitterurl #singapore
Ha! Go ahead QT twitterusername Gov'nrs threaten to hire new health workers if striking workers fail to resume duty as ordered by the court
Jems? You looked at me but I don't know if I did smil... ??? Wait, I looked at you? I looked at a lot of people ha... twitterurl
Then tidur for 5 hours after swallowed panadol, i'm feeling better now. While abah balik dr hosp terus boleh keluar mengeteh. Ha kan
cursing all my livestreams cos i thought they're not playing arsenal match. but the match is at 12. ha, phone pls. dont alert me so early
Do you find a 21 year old poly graduate who doesnt ha... ??? Yup! Like you have a diploma! Go get a job and stop l... twitterurl
Ha! you think you can fool me in to clicking your ad because you cleverly displayed half a striptease?????? I am too smart for this
ok i might now be close to the sec three girls but really, i cannot bear to leave them ha bc girls
twitterurl this is an interest set of four 2 rappers: Jung Heecheol Kim TaeHeon 2 singers: Ha Min Woo and Kim Dongjun twitterusername
Saw you at interchange! Thought you will be taller ha... ??? Well, now you know that I'm not as tall as you though... twitterurl
Prefect time 2 be in a r.ship wit my gal sleep beside me ..randomly start kissing on ha .. Wake her with a gentle suck on the clit # Random
How did he miss that header to an open goal!? Easier said than done as he met with diving header. Thought left foot would connect better. HA
How to tell if you like me as well? ??? I don't know either I will show a lot of interest or no interest at all ha... twitterurl
Apple seeds first beta of OS X 10.8.2 to developers: On the heels of the public release of OS X 10.8.1, Apple ha... twitterurl
engadget Apple Store goes down ahead of iPhone announcement:   With the big event only a few hours away Apple ha... twitterurl
RT twitterusername #b2stfacts Dongwoon said his best body part is his adam-apple. He even showed his adam-apple by swallowing his drink (ha ...
Fast food linked to child asthma: study: PARIS:  Children who frequently eat fast food are far more likely to ha... twitterurl
Omg can faster sub ep 2. omg she killed her stepfather and that Ha Ryu guy is working as a barman in a noraebang LOL
I woke up with my busuk face and open my room's door i saw my brother-in-law..terus masuk dalam bilik balik. Ha.
Why must Kae Stan's be mad? LMFAO where the fuck was you "fave" when shit got real? I remember, talking mad shit about the nigga who made ha
I sang and recorded for a good 3 hours just to find out that Idk how to use iMovie to edit HA k chill Liyana is ok
I love tacky pop music no matter what anyone says. I love you Ke$ha Nicki Gaga Britney. Love. Love. Love.
"Mane u gat me ova here trippn ! Retarded asz .. volunteer 2hook ha up then twitterusername twitterusername lmao I got mad as hell"
this itching temptation to want to audition for txf, hahahah. there is no way mom is driving me to new orleans for an audition ha.
Ha. Jet Veetlev. Kei Savourie. Lex de Praxis. THE WORLD IS SMALL. Used to know you with different names when you were being postmodernists??
The last time you kenna scolding ? ??? 3 MINS BACK.....My dad scolded me for riding my brother's kid's scooter. HA... twitterurl
Haha check kieth lemon bustin the louby loafers the pimp ha. twitterusername twitterusername AND twitterusername 2getha in the same place #Nice
Inside Big Ben: A Look at What Makes the World???s Most Beloved Clock Tick: Of all the ways that human beings ha... twitterurl
Satisfied my siewmai craving. Don't know why I find them so tasty that I never get bored of eating em. Ha.
Guilty nak mampos for consuming too much of good food last week that i eat more than i sweat last week, HA
Ha, go think about settling 13 things at a day la, think of all 13 problems you have to settle within a day, if you can, i salute.
ha need to go raid mom's make up pouch tmr. i need bb cream. and moisturiser. the dryness of my skin is getting to me.
All of us with retarded laughs, laughing retardedly at each other's retardation. Can we get any more retarded than that! HA. DOGPLEASE
she's pretty and she's skinny and she's fit and she's sporty. i'm nothing like that, maybe that's why you don't like me ha.
The only reason i go to school is to see me associates, &' jada?? thats my lul nigga, was kikn ha yesterday
Hello Jerry! Normally see you in school like very awkward. Ha... ??? This isn't a Question xD Okay .. Who are You lol twitterurl
Ha! Mdomo imechomeka? QT twitterusername One of the worst decisions I've ever made in life is to gurgle mouthwash just before taking tea.
Ion kno yo bitch n u don't kno me either I suggest you keep it moving if you wanna keep ha
My type of girl: watches d sunrise w/ me outside while we share a blunt .. Sitting between ha legs & she play in my hair .. Tawkn bout w.e
#13 HA, the bimbo looking one with unexpectedly high IQ. conversations with you are always intelligent ones. you good my friend, you good.
Have a bro and mum that does not lock the entrance door. Happened quite a few times, and all of it I caught them red handed ha.
HA A&F hope you like your big FAT drop in sales RT twitterusername When a brand's CEO hates on "fat" people twitterurl
Looks like I'll be DVRing the awards tonight since I won't be home. At least I can fast forward through everybody I have no interest in. HA!
You're not a happy person at all, you act retarded to cover it up so you don't ha... ??? wait what's going on IM OKAY twitterurl
??twitterusername I swear I just seen this ugly ass girl wit bookoo make up & I almost fell looking at ha ugly ass ?????????have mercy .
EXO and SJ are drowning on two far ends in the sea and you are in the middle. If you ha... ??? i will drown with them twitterurl
Hmmm I promise if you allow me to talk what I say make a lot of since... But ha that will never happen
That episode of ridiculousness when that lil girl was recording ha dad tryna catch a huge ass spider n that spider jumped &' she wah gone !
Take a photo of yourself with your hair covering your... ??? Haha okay check back at like 130-2 I might use the Ha... twitterurl
WOAH! Lee Jong Suk "will play Park Soo-ha, a boy with the supernatural power of reading people???s minds." Cant wait to watch the drama!
The bluff got called, and three parties (all run their own pvt militias) do not want mil-backed law enforcement during elections. Ha!
another 26 minutes to go before I return to hostel from siber lab... may I bring this Acer along ha teacher? hostel is so boring la...
Aka DICK HA DOWNE BOO BOO RT twitterusername They need to talk to each other instead of putting their business out there for everyone to see.
Umm ..own wanna bust ya bubble but ... yeah its awkward. Sum don't add up. U ain't even in ha bio ! Ijs
Or .. if I had a gf & she was laying wit me , I'd wake ha up n beg fa a massage ! Shxt hurts
..and his response: can u like pls..don't bring my son to eat the food I dislike.. LOL! Whatever, I'm the queen now, ok?! Ha..
Ewan ko ha, pero ang galing ko talaga. Keep those bullcraps and shit coming in.. you, me, we.. can never hide. Never ever. *wink wink* ehehe
Straight boys on Twitter what are your thoughts about the porn star named Stoya? I love her writing, but erm, girls don't turn me on. Ha
China reports four more deaths, 129 bird flu cases: The death toll from the H7N9 bird flu outbreak in China ha... twitterurl
Listen immma need for Mya to bring ha ass back & Slay me with her dance moves and hits ONE MORE TIME
Businesses feel the heat from April's hot spell: April 25, 2013 7:29 AMA RESTAURANT set inside a greenhouse ha... twitterurl
Asked HA to Send patient to the MDC she only send the casesheets so now i have to go and send and I got lost omg.
oh TOP, please don't. ??twitterusername actress Ha Ji Won said she wants to take a melo drama with TOP on SBS Thank U >_< twitterurl
??twitterusername the heat is goin' on w em.... ha! RT twitterusername wth is going on with OKC right now???? heat having they way with them
[TheVerge] Google wins lease of iconic former blimp hangar from NASA: Google is taking over management of NASA's massive, historic Ha...
How to test the latest ski and snowboard gear for free: We run through the ski and snowboard testing events ha... twitterurl
an old chinnese sitting beside&speak in chinnese ofc with me "bolai bolai" (while wiping blood at her hand) haha aku layankan jeh "ha bolai"
Lmmfao! !!! Yeen lyin but im not gone take my eyes off ha ass "twitterusername Me if I ever see sharkeisha in public twitterurl
A possible cause of the end-Permian mass extinction: Acid rain: Rain as acidic as undiluted lemon juice may ha... twitterurl
[TheVerge] NSA paid $10 million for a back door into RSA encryption, according to Reuters report: When leaked documents claimed to ha...
Ha! QT twitterusername Highest level of haute cuisine - accomplished by good cooks like Clay Muganda "Sewe "Molecular Gastronomy" What the Hague is
Hahaha I guessed so too! RT twitterusername People say they like long texts. I beg you read mine you wish you haven't known me. Ha hee hoo
Ha?! Even when you injured people talk bad about and people defend you....you are indeed popular twitterusername no surprise I guess just leave
YOUR GIRLFRIEND HAS A SWEET SMILE ??? Thank you (If you're a girl). If you're a jantan please jangan step gerek ha... twitterurl
[Y!FB] More has emerged from what PM Lee Hsien Loong said at the Lianhe Zaobao forum on...: More ha... twitterurl #singapore
for exmple like riezman kinda ha why his been liddat? Dress up like a gal wearing spender taking pic&the bingai ppl comment "comel" haha pus
Holy shit why don't I just spend the 500 bucks on all my tickets and starve and beg for the next 2 weeks ha
Today Online works fine on my comp, twitterusername I now truly believe you when you say you're not an IT person. Ha!
Q4: It's important to make the learning process more interesting plus to avoid the students feel bored and sleepy,ha! #edb3143chat
Lol Kang Ha Neul you are handsome n charming, even more so than Lee Min Ho in this drama, but unfortunately you can't act
gonna give my best for this IA report & presentation not gonna care probably presenting it for an hour SAY WHATEVER IT COMES INTO MY MIND ha
Define music. :-) ??? Music is where our heart and soul speaks what our mouth cant spill. It is the home of our ha... twitterurl
Cute? I got plenty 1.Cho Kyuhyun 2. Moon Junyoung 3. Kim Jonghyun 4. Lee Jinki and Im Siwan 6. Kim Kevin Kim Dongjun Jung Heecheol ha minwoo
Hong Kong journalists: Press freedom is at an all-time low: With its tradition of free speech, Hong Kongers ha... twitterurl
Red Bull Racing still facing huge problems in Formula One testing: At least one reporter says the team will ha... twitterurl
If I straight up tell you I don't fuck with you, why are you still trying to talk to me?! Lol we are not cool , ha fuckk
this upcoming trip so reminds me of my europe trip... the 101 last min bookings. ha! hk and macau, see you on tue!
Well: Allergies Are Everywhere: People hoping to find an allergy-free haven may be out of luck. A new study ha... twitterurl
"twitterusername Yonex All England Open 2014: Emerson/Agnezmonica - Sung Hyun Ko/Ha Na Kim: 21-13 21-11 in 31 minutes twitterurl
Veronica Mars Movie Hits Theaters and What it Could Mean for the Movie Industry: See full gallery on TechnoBuffalo Kickstarter has ha...
eh bro I also going library tomorrow HAHAHA sape tu ah if girl ada chance sia HA... ??? hahaha stop ah you go lah wtf twitterurl
those who wants danny, go ahead. i dm at all :') he's not mine anymore ha have fun u gals tackling him ya mwa xo
[TheVerge] 'Half-Life 3 confirmed', or is it?: The only thing at Valve's headquarters that's??more mysterious than the Steam Box is Ha...
Why do you want to become a councillor in your second... ??? I wanted to be a good girl so i joined the coucil. Ha... twitterurl
So someone stole my 40 bucks today and I suspect it's really someone close to me..Ha fucked up sia this kind of friends
My momma dint raise me nor wanted me so 2day means nothing 2me !! Yeah I kare bout ha but dets it .. We're strangers & I'm koo wit det
Hey Canice you make my day. Thank you for existing ha... ??? Why thank you. Who's this btw? What have I done to ma... twitterurl
Who is your female best friend in sec 1? ??? actually not yet.. at the start of my council career then, hated?? ha... twitterurl
It looks soooo bad on a guy that just sits around all day complaining about a girl! Suck it up. Ha
Listen to this song ! I promise you will like it . Ha... ??? Ahahahah i know that song, i listened to it when i wa... twitterurl
lol why wait for my mom to finish? ??? because she is still doing it as we speak.. so you can do it after her.. ha... twitterurl
I'm shootin' for ha heart, got my finger on the trigga; She could be my broad, and I could be her...
is it hard to navigate around korea if i dont have ha... ??? yes, koreans are really bad at english.. ordering foo... twitterurl
Hold a pack and everyone starts to judge. Which is why I need more pockets without making it look like I'm carrying a freakin baggage ha
"Who needs a man around here? I don't need no man HA I got a screwdriver I can fix shit" -mom while fixin' shit
LOL. Not forgetting, Mr. Chan Ho Nam. Strange fickle lad this one.. RT twitterusername twitterusername waiting for the day he changes it to Ha Fi Zah
Michael & Hailey going at it with dirty little pictures.. ha then posting them on MY wall! !! Don't nobody wanna see that before I go to bed
What race girls are you attracted to? malay/chinese/i... ??? Anything as long as she's a girl I'm fine with it. HA... twitterurl
Lemme bait twitterusername by mangling the Queen's lingua franca...So where do I start? Mmmm A Ha!...I could start their......*chuckles*....
hahaha ok. nehh just a friend helping only. kktc bro ??? Well thank u bro whoever you are and selamat hari raya ha... twitterurl
Asal tak jawab? Marah ye aiqah? :P ??? Well, excuse me :) who are you to judge my bestfriend that way? you dont ha... twitterurl
[TRE] MP Ang Hin Kee: Don???t blame external factors: And Hin Kee, MP for Ang Mo Kio GRC, said, ??I ha... twitterurl #singapore
Haha. You're a funny person. And why are you charming... ??? i have tons of lame jokes, i dont look charming la ha... twitterurl
Whats good about being sixteen? ??? Can watch NC16 moviessss. HAHAHAHA thats all good i could think of being 16 ha... twitterurl
Chances are that's what's her name chances are she was acting up and I fucked ha once and never fucked again
[Y!FB] A waste oil collector has been struggling to keep her family afloat since she ha...: A waste... twitterurl #singapore
I bought: Hush! by Minfong Ho, Clear Brightness by Boey Kim Cheng, 23 Things They Don???t Tell You about Capitalism by Ha-Joon Chang. #books
??twitterusername If blame shit on being drunk or blacked out lol #YouAThot??? nick stop..Ha you've blamed stuff on being drunk before. Stop. Lol ??
twitterurl Half of Moon JunYoung (oh that smile! Oh my heart) Ha Min Woo and a Quarter of Hwang Kwangee /trolling
keep till when they feel like giving to the right guy, no? ha... ??? Also can but i personally think it doesnt matter twitterurl
find a better girl and prove it in my face that she cn hold on to you longer than our r/s time. i bet none ha
Hahaha! I also dont know. If just come, later they ha... ??? Hahaha! My friend of the same course said RP said the... twitterurl
How is it like to have someone who you just met to ha... ??? Oh that feeling is just the best lah,I mean upon meet... twitterurl
2014 Ford Fusion Energi SE Overview: Ford???s Midsize Plugin:   In a market largely dominated by Toyota???s Camry, the midsize segment ha...
BHO is high! QT twitterusername ClanSewe twitterusername Ha haa! He wants congress to take a walk with him down Solyndra lane...
Don't cry baby :s RT twitterusername Hmm :'( "twitterusername Sorry I busy lah hmm RT twitterusername Asal sombong sangat ha twitterusername ? Hm"
Who is that fine ass nigga with Zendaya? I had to do a double take to see if that was really ha lol twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername haha cool :) thanks for letting me know! I just don't care. Have great rest of your day!??? Ha
??twitterusername I need funding to study the reason why I only meet twitterusername where there is alcohol.is there an effect/causality relationship????ha
What's ur talent other than clubbing?  Hehehehee ??? I used to skate. That's all. And clubbing is not a talent! Ha... twitterurl
would you rather be shot by a gun or get stabbed by a knife?... ??? Any, aslong i could say " la ila ha illallah." twitterurl
My granny a thug tho, She be partying n shii. Sitting on the front porch w/ ha white cup playing dominos w/ her friends bumpn old scoo music
Ha! Yea right. "bow out in style"...very funny QT twitterusername Arsenal bow out in style, Malaga extend dream run twitterurl
Ha, about the main character, Poppy, i can see myself within her, the part where trying to be nice when replying other people text haha
Finally got some competition on #Ruzzle. Little twitterusername just beat me. Must admit im gutted ha. But its game on now
Naqib you so handsome how come no contact ?? ??? Are you the same person? Hahaha no one wants to contact me lah ha... twitterurl
Haha jus had a random thought. Remember that "Yayo" dude in cancun who was everywhereee shottin off twitterusername twitterusername wish i had a pic ha
I just realised park ha sun was the queen in dong yi, and now she's the one acting in Ad Genius Lee Tae Bak
do our best dehyaa u,u RT twitterusername Hard for us -_- take it easy lah RT twitterusername huhu hard for meee u_u twitterusername Dont make it ha
My granny the type of granny to come around the conna in ha car blastin if I'm about to fight. She a thug bro. I Swear
Can I Get a Witness? Sure, Here's a Whole List of Them, as Apple vs. Samsung Heads to Trial. #samsung: A jury ha... twitterurl
#Technology #Geek iPhone app tries to rid world of cheesy photo filters: Many of us have a love-ha... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
Apple beats Microsoft's market cap record, becomes largest U.S. company: With its closing stock market value on Monday, Apple Inc. ha...
Even if it's a hoax, ha! RT twitterusername Samsung paid Apple $1 Billion by sending 30 trucks full of 5 cents coin. twitterurl
Samsung???s new Series 9 laptops match Apple???s Retina with 13-inch, 2560 x 1440 pixel display: Samsung (005930) ha... twitterurl
what used to be... us? ha.. RT twitterusername We're quarreling over a stupid topic. Eh fuck la. Why can't we just have ... twitterurl
Kyungsoo said when his mother was pregnant with him, she dreamt of a super tiny bear circling around her legs, and then kyungsoo was born HA
Tutu cake and coffee. How I have miss the days when you could get these at 5 for a dollar in almost every ha twitterurl
why did the stupid bitch that my ex cheated on me with follow my boyfriend? ha fuck outta here with yo hoe ass!
I have alot of skinny jeans at home that i no longer wear them. Because i dont even look skinny wearing it -.- but fat. Ha.
??twitterusername Yeah u right FCKED UP! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Y is my so bad???????Look who ha folks m daddy is???Lol ik
WTF HA"twitterusername You should make my pussy wet not my eyes! HAHA. tsk RT twitterusername You should make my dick hard not my life lol!"
Ha, well your a fucking fake ass dumb bitch. Keep my fucking name out your mouth dude cus were about to have problems.
Apparently Zayn's future wife is hating on TW?! Slut. Bet you're so ugly you don't even dare put your own pic. Scare the shit out of Zayn HA
"twitterusername "Cher can go toilet?" "Of course i can go toilet" Ha, you lame ass.""Can Cher! Stay there long long!-.-"
I'd rather love food than to love a guy who will eventually break my heart ha at least food is always there for me (;
HA! Vroom! QT twitterusername You cannot isolate your nose from your eyes and mouth. Its called cutting off your nose to spite your face.
I Been That Bitch Its Cool Boo , Let A Real Bitch School You . Since Its Something That I Do , You Wanna Do It Too . Ha
" b, bil api bulan ni i tak dapat bayar, tolong... ".. then his wife " *Whistle whistle* ", " CB MANA PERJANJIAN SUSAH SENANG BERSAMA ? " ha
omg joo da hae you bishhhhh you have a daughter and you're seeing ha ryu & you say you're not seeing anyone? bishhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Yes, Facebook Has Its Own Location Tracking App In The Works: Facebook may already know a lot about our daily ha... twitterurl
Just received news from former twitterusername player, Takaya Kawanabe that he has signed with a club in Latvia. Apparently, he's homesick. Ha
why is so easy to be so hung up on someone i hate this. i hate me and all my emotions ha.
Tanker seized off Ivory Coast freed: A French-owned diesel tanker seized by pirates off Ivory Coast on Sunday ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername r sump cuz she brought me the doll n one of hu pampers!???Lol oma get ha sum 2ma
You still feel that sting? RT ??twitterusername I'ma end up hurting Jayjujuate in bout 2.5 seconds. Give ha dat Faith slap.???
You have said that you want a question therefore I ha... ??? HAHA ya I know but why this question? As in it won't ... twitterurl
So we complaining as Jubilee goes signing left, right and centre. Ha! Kenyans, you still think these politicos care about you?
Im so fucking dumb I wrote diamonds on my thumb. Thats a diamond on my dick so thats diamonds on ha tongue.
Bby, I reached home edy hee :* RT twitterusername Ha si manis twitterusername ! Wtpe tuh? Ad bbm x? I klua mkn ni.. I tngl fone bb kt bilik darl..
What if screen falling off the door door hanging off ... ??? My feet are still sore, my backs on the fringes!!! HA... twitterurl
Amidst the cheering at the Liz, twitterusername & I walked towards each other, shook hands & concurrently said "Happy St Totteringham's Day"! Ha!!
What do u think of dulce ??? She one of the sweetest girls i have ever met. Even though we arent really close i ha... twitterurl
Just give up on that bitch lah. Bitch=Alfira ??? Ha! why should I? and why do you see her as a bitch? she ain't an... twitterurl
China and USA have near similar amount of proven oil reserves. And their consumption is also similar. Competition roho safi! HA!
Releaseeeee "twitterusername It needs to hurry up and be wednesday, like I can't hold this picture in any longer ha rs"
Had 2 delay on getting my hair done kuz I helped a stranger get ha car fixed .. Ain trippn tho .. God got me ??
FIRST IMPRESSION OF JEN DIULEILOMO ??? The first time I saw him was in LT and he was wearing a white dress..... ha... twitterurl
I'm doing good man ha thanks for asking ??? It's been awhile, we need to chill. Only met you once lol twitterurl
min si, you need to make your answers longer HAHAHA l... ??? So you don't like short and to-the-point answers?  Ha... twitterurl
Virgin-Tiger Airs' Aussie tie-up set for take off: The Australian arms of Tiger Airways and Virgin Airlines ha... twitterurl
Ha still awake. Night tweets. Brand new week, brand new working day. Tom still the fireman? Rem MoMo & MiMi. Dong Dong miss ya guai
Hoy lutas where hab u been ha ??? RP betch. Which Pinoy do I have the pleasure of speaking to now hahaha I can nev... twitterurl
First male helper from Myanmar starts work: May 12, 2013 8:34 AMThe first male domestic worker from Myanmar ha... twitterurl
A picture with you sister and brother soon!!!! ??? omg why do u want a picture of me & my siblings so badly???? ha... twitterurl
First Dreamliner flight after global grounding has taken off from Addis to Nairobi (HA 801) via twitterusername cc twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
"twitterusername i need to have an attitude like nabil because he simply don't give a fuck to all the bullshit."awww shucks. wait? me right? ha
But if you can prove that you're METAL... #SilverSurfer QT twitterusername Ah ha! It's prove your "mettle". Not prove your "METAL".
Yes!!RT twitterusername all three european trophies.  plastic fans.  no history.  glory hunters.  HA! champions of europe. we know what we are.
Here? Ha! Here a religious nut bag can even commit straight up anti-Pakistan activities and get away with it. No state authority left.
I know a Hanyff, a Hanif, and a Haniff, lol. So to avoid the "Ha" confusion, their contact names in my phone are Nyff, Nif, and Haniff.
Lone Survivor: The Director???s Cut Releases on October 31st: Are you looking to satisfy your indie gaming fix with a creepy game on Ha...
im sorri my english is not that good, how can i get u... ??? eh guise im replying this so you guys can laugh ok HA... twitterurl
hi ange! you had surgery to treat the pimple around y... ??? It's not a pimple!!!! It was an infection due to I ha... twitterurl
Are you ready for a relationship now? ??? No. Not now, not ever. HAHAHAHA I'm going to grow up to become an old ha... twitterurl
So my sister wants to go to Japan and asked me to buy her the tickets but she forgot her passport is expired. Ha
i see that you will have lots of obstacle in your fut... ??? HAHAHAHAH damn. You're so entertaining. I love it. HA... twitterurl
I didn't think it was humanly possible for me to meet someone with memory worse than mine. But hey, I get proven wrong all the time ha
Gig venues feel like home, circle pits bring out the energy, fans are family. Am I considered a homeless yet ha
My middle love while eating his favw chicken pie " mama, I feel rainbows flying over me when I eat this, it's so good!" Ha!! True foodie
Arrived at circus wiv the lads gettin down. MK Solomun Sub-ann. Okok. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername an the rest without twitter ha
WHAT HAPPENED OMG ??? some fucking retarded old man hit the bus driver fr being like from China so now everyone ha... twitterurl
Heading for claypot dinner in Chinatown for my twitterusername birthday get-together (again haha).. Will get back to all the hoo-ha later.. ;-)
Idk when was this but okay I just need a picture to post ha!  And.. I dont always wear cap so ni nak?? twitterurl
??I didn???t sleep well last night; so I made my coffee this morning with Red Bull instead of water. I got ha ?? twitterurl
Yes la.. If you weren't following me means you sombong sia ha... ??? Pls, I'm such a friendly and nice guy hahahahaha twitterurl
[CNA] PM Lee to take part in 'live' TV forum on Channel NewsAsia: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ha... twitterurl #singapore
Red hair? lol you're fallin' in love with om ogan? *smirk* RT twitterusername twitterusername please bunuh DO sekarang juga!!! WHY HE'S SO FUCKIN HA
Stupid couple in front of me in the park. keep whispering to each other and when they can't hear each other they say "HA?!?!" so loudly -.-
watching 'this means war'! bc, i quote dbsk, PARTY LET'S PARTY IT'S PARTY TIME FREAKY FREAKY BOOM TRACK SET THE BASS MY SEXY BABE YEE HA
[TheVerge] Judge rules that LG's $300 million US headquarters won't be an eyesore: Despite strong opposition from local groups, LG ha...
[Y!FB] If you drop a wallet while travelling in Mumbai, India, you're more likely to ha...: If you ... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Little India Riot: One more to be charged for rioting: December 17, 2013 10:30 AMThe police ha... twitterurl #singapore
wow u rly think people would care abt what u think abt them? ha fuck you. people got better things to do man.
No im fcxkin serrius about ur legs , its not fat or s... ??? huh my legs alot of bruises and scars leh......... ha... twitterurl
My nephew keeps asking me for "Hor-ny" BBQ Chicken at Pizza Hut. And I'm tired to keep on correcting him it's pronounced ha-ni, bukan ho-ni!
Its Amercian 'Thanksgiving Day'! I feel so thankful I able to meet Ha Donghoon in SG for 2 time this year??? Yaman~!! twitterurl
i mean like how can one act like nothing happened after being so terribly mean abt this person? i dont think its growing up. its 2 faced ha.
What kind of guy do you like? ??? like austin butler or connor franta , who hv precious hair , love smiling and ha... twitterurl
Lee Junki's morning tweet lol twitterusername i like how he say "Yo to the Ko to the Ha to the Ma" while he's in Yokohama~ xD
" How i wish i met someone who's totally knew how fucked up im but still there for me , calm me down and lead to a better life " - HA
Ferrari gives fans the chance to name new Formula One car: Public can name car through online vote: Ferrari ha... twitterurl
u are really beautiful, keep that smile on ur face and dont let the ha... ??? Aww thankyou that's so sweet of you! (: twitterurl
I think ha all Selangor People shd start campaign, #SaveSelangor keep twitterusername as MB, the madness n chaos in PKR shd not infect PR
[Y!FB] A man has been fined by the AVA, for illegally keeping 32 endangered animals in...: A man ha... twitterurl #singapore
Loool just slowed down to let 3 guys cross near the lights. One looked familiar i thought i knew him personally but it was ricky hatton ha
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? ??? "Standing outside a broken phone booth with money in my ha... twitterurl
At Dr Ha-Joon Chang's talk. He seeks to demystify economics, says economists just make it look too difficult for the public to understand.
Dr Ha-Joon Chang on economic theories: "Sometimes you have to take things in economics with a grain of salt. Sometimes a bag of salt..."
Ha! #iWin #uLose #ImBig #UrSmall... and there's nothing u can do about it! RT twitterusername twitterusername okay, you got me lls.
heh because im shy and i just follow you but sadly you never follow back ha... ??? Huh? Seriously? Haha. Name please? twitterurl
[TheVerge] 'The Last of Us' is coming to the PlayStation 4: One of the PS3's best games is getting a next-generation remake ??? Sony ha...
May not be watching the soccer match but Manchester tactics are looking good from all the ppl tweets abt the match!  Ha
Anyway, to all bloggers who've helped me in one way or another, I'll push for your application to my boss! Let me finish my exams first. Ha!
"Bhaiyya ek hahaha detergent tikiya dena" #90sLines RT twitterusername The number "5" is pronounced "ha" in Thai.  So "555" is for hahaha.
How do you handle haters? ??? Just talk to them nicely & I never bothered scolding them back or wtv bc everyone ha... twitterurl
Ha, These Earbuds Will Make It Look Like a Pencil Is Sticking Through Your Brain:      When someone puts on ea... twitterurl
So technically, the sovereign people of Cyprus just threw the middle finger salute to the Troika! Ha! In your face ECB! BOOYAH!
Ha. RT twitterusername Uh-oh, you are starting to make sense to me. RT twitterusername First page of Google results is the new biography.
hey well i think you're pretty and.. You deserved to be loved.. Stay strong no matter what ha... ??? Thank you :,) <3 twitterurl
What if he wants to talk to you but is scared that yo... ??? hahaha then overcome ur fear before talking to me. ha... twitterurl
I actually cancelled my appointment with Dorra Slimming for tmr. I dont need to be slim. Im just fine. Ha maybe K.
Talk to many girls after yor break up....wtf man....I... ??? ha! they're just the type who'd go "Cheer up!" and be... twitterurl
What if one day your crush tells you that he/she likes you, but still ha... ??? I wouldn't crush on anyone attached.. twitterurl
The iJailbreak Top 10 News Stories Of The Week [Auxo Coming To iPad, Atom Cydia Tweak, iPhone 5S Production Ha... twitterurl
Clearly we just watched the news something i NEVER do & clearly it would've say snow.....i had to slap ha for that one . Lol
The key word is SHY. What if im not the person you ha... ??? The key word is crush. What if one day it fades?  It'... twitterurl
Bring her down she can run around RT twitterusername "twitterusername I catch hell every morning!" cme gt ivy n let ha join
US probes intelligence leading up to Boston attacks: The US government said it had launched a review of the ha... twitterurl
I don't know why but you seem really really fun to ha... ??? haha fuck im really retarded!!!! yes lets hang out bu... twitterurl
Aku on handphone untk whatsapp dgn wechat dgn kwn . . on lappy bertwitter gile2 dgn kwn2 aku ni ha . . on ipad tgk movie . . otak rrr
If You Have To Constantly Post A Status For Somebody To Text You Then Obviously You're Not Important And Nobody Cares. Ha
i dont care about ur philosophy. its yours and ive mine. if u talk for 389742934 hrs and jus tells us to work longer hrs, HA!
i can tell Taem is really concern on fans lately mayb... ??? idk maybe? that boy can get really caring at times ha... twitterurl
Please stop smoking:( ??? Unless I fall in love with someone who doesn't want me to smoke, I don't think I can. Ha... twitterurl
ha.. Betul le tu gamkanya RT"twitterusername #Libras are versatile and can get on the exact level of any person they speak to."
i found the cape that my grandma made when i dressed up as robin when i was 2 ha omg twitterurl
"twitterusername I wasn't even flirting! I was just trying to make people blush. Its funny ha!" No. You were flirting with me...
Don't forget to always love and support him as Ha Donghoon, as a Singer. Not only because he is Haroro :) #HappyHaHaDay
Ya I am mille, ps do u know who is the one who was asking describe your crus... ??? Sort of. Ha u got the same qn too twitterurl
jajaja As?? ha sido twitterusername te gustar?? leer a twitterusername Abbott waiting, waiting for the end of this filibuster concession speech
i was just looking at my LED boards and was like "Oh I don't have to bring Kasai's this time." HA! Who am I joking now? KASAI T_T
You are very welcome! Miss ya too! Keep on being awesome :D"twitterusername Thanks Vicky!!!we miss ya! RT aitkenvicky: twitterusername HA
[Y!FB] Four have been confirmed dead in a Navy Yard shooting in Washington DC. More upd...: Four ha... twitterurl #singapore
Japanese school ordered to pay $1.8M over tsunami deaths: In the first ruling of its kind in Japan, a court ha... twitterurl
So gay,ha Wasted my data usage "twitterusername smrt bus uncle wanna fight but pattern more than street fighter hahahahha twitterurl
LMAOOO"twitterusername Good morning America ha RT twitterusername Candy will make you dandy RT ??twitterusername I need to snort a line???""
Ha jaga jaga la korunk RT twitterusername A #Taurus can tell when people who act like they never had sex actually did have sex...
Watched 'The Berlin File' on the plane. Starred Ha Jung Woo (aka the real acting god that Korea worships, not Won Bin) and Jeon Ji Hyun
[TheVerge] Avenging WikiLeaks lands Anonymous members in federal court: A federal grand jury this week indicted 13 members of the "ha...
yes good job ha ryu ah. bring her to the place where she killed her stepfather. remind her of what she did. #yawang
To all those people who dont like blackberry's, I have an unlimited data plan for my phone because I have a bb. HA.
Uma beat tf out my lil sis twitterusername when I see ha !! Mf dun ran off wit my car & I'm ready 2get off work !! Smh never again
Spotted a comment: "We elitists are SAVING heavy metal, whereas you and your ilk are preaching a bunch of bullshit. DEATH TO FALSE METAL" ha
World Champions? HA! Champions of a game played only in one country against a team from the same country! Americans, Pleeeeeease! Get real!
"twitterusername Even doe she dnt have a Twitter HAPPY BDAY TO DD!!!!"????she do she still a egg lml ha shit aint hatched
ok then lets build some muscle, you me jog everyday e... ??? hahahaha how to jog with you. i dont even know you ha... twitterurl
U should, watch tmr ah so late alr. Pikiam rlly look like yoo jae suk HA " twitterusername : twitterusername Im gonna. Watch it when I'm home. "
??twitterusername twitterusername Brady's girlfriend got sick from it.??? i hope that doesn't happen to me. I just feel like its going to though. Ha
YOU ARE NOT A TRASH! well if you r a trash then kau trash paling ha... ??? HAHAHAHA THIS IS FCKING CUTE! Thank you :) twitterurl
Where is the funniest place you have ever fallen asleep? ??? In the toilet at the hotel during the Bangkok trip ha... twitterurl
Linking to the previous question; what if the girl ha... ??? to be honest, i will feel that there's a challenge be... twitterurl
LOLOLRT twitterusername Jung Joon Ha?s Head is Larger Than Life Next to ZE:A?s Dong Jun twitterurl  don't stand next to #dongjun
Rumors say mini iPad is coming: A new round of Apple rumors and leaks are suggesting what some tech observers ha... twitterurl
Samsung! U ROCK! *trolls Apple* RT twitterusername Ha. Samsung Pays Apple $1 Billion Sending 30 Trucks Full of 5 Cents Coins. twitterurl
Japan's Sharp, one of the world's largest makers of LCD panels and a supplier of displays for Apple products, ha... twitterurl
Will the iPhone 5 work on the UK's new 4G network?: Now that EE is launching its 1800MHz network, the UK will ha... twitterurl
Ha no way just heard catherine cegla is on take me out. Keep seein ppl on there these days lol who next
Hmm..now I know who's the dog that bark to the other dog. You fell for it..HA! 2 faced...now I know.
Ha , i dun get close to girls anym. But to gamers tht are boys . So they wont be blamed fr anyt
Si twitterusername cant wakeup in th morning pangseh me , ha nvm lucky i nvr sch if not il go sch with all th bites ):
Let Ha know she not about it. RT ??twitterusername "tahiry will fuck you up twice over" yasssss joe. Tell this bitch
I'm so thu wit Roni asz !!! Guess uma have 2lead by example & gone get this 6pk fa ha asz 2 start lol
And look whos guarding them? TOP GUARD. /k lame/ RT twitterusername ji & ha yi going on the carrr ? cr annes twitterurl
Happy birthday twitterusername The shortest but oldest one of our clique ha! Stay mini, cute & happy always!! ???? From, your friend of 13 years ;)
I fully regret myself for choosing those shoes i was wearing today. HA. rain ruined everything! feel so sorry for my feet and shoes..
Ha! QT twitterusername Sun-downer reflections on Med school. How there was no life. Just life threatening stress levels. We made it! HeH!
I'm jus looking fa d girl det'll put up wit my sarcasm & bipolar asz !! While I give her e.thing ha exes wudn !! I jus wanna love & be loved
It's not so much that I'm a KE$HA hater, its more of the fact that I'm a music lover. twitterurl
You got a fake friend. Two face also. A jerk also. Ha... ??? No stop pitying me already hahah I don't need any sym... twitterurl
I ha KEITA accompany me for the past 3 hours xD so much internal spazzing while his voice is calming me down
Omg your tweets reminds me the overly-attached GF..Se... ??? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA IF YOU WANNA BE WITH ME THEN YOU HA... twitterurl
19. LOL YO, we're friends for 2 months liao! HAHA LET'S DO MORE CSA QUIZ TGT YEAH! Bring more tissues because u always cry after laughing ha
What do men talk about when there are no women around? ??? Boobs? Girls from school, who's hot and who's not? I ha... twitterurl
Hey Jem! How often do you go running? ??? school trainings 3 times a week so 3 times a week lah haha :) ..but i ha... twitterurl
Someone get me a bandana. I'm serious just get me a b&w bandana GOOGLE IT IF YOU DON'T KNOW THAT SHIT ha xx
feels like I'm torturing myself but no, its just that i dont even have the appetite to eat & dont have the mood to do anything ha
Agreed. But you won't be seeing me in school no more,... ??? Ahhh I see! Internship treating u well? Thanks and ha... twitterurl
turns out yunho only has a 1 min++ cameo in boa's movie so whatever i'll just torrent it HA not wasting 10 bucks
Have you had a crush or fancy for any of your juniors? ??? My own juniors... Nope. But ive a crush younger thou ha... twitterurl
Describe twitterusername (: x ??? Gorgeous! Used to have a crush on her tbh until I found out she has a boyfriend Ha... twitterurl
Ha! RT twitterusername Most people aren't actually anti-social. They choose to be alone because they hate spending time with stupid people.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl ::I Miss You OST:: Jung Dong Ha - Just Look At You Lyrics [English Sub, Romanization,
Decided to call it a day cos things arent going well. I have so many extras cuppies to be disposed, ha
Hi! Um I'm intending to apply through JPSAE for NP's ... ??? Hello! WHY ARE YOU EVEN CONSIDERING JPSAE WHEN YOU HA... twitterurl
I KNEW IT: Objective perception is one of the mental skills. Ha | Why Are Some People Better at Drawing than Others? twitterurl
Ha? Not bad "twitterusername Oh man, I just love the way twitterusername looks at big bad beautiful twitterusername It's adorable! #RAW
I can see if we were boo'd up or sum shxt .. Bruh doing ha hair & da pic was random .. Stupid brawd .. Go head , have @ it
Photos show there is progress being made on New Jersey Formula One circuit: But is it going to be enough to ha... twitterurl
When i get married, i want all my guest wear football jersey to my wedding after cut cake got friendly match then can fuck on first night ha
[TRE] SMRT Service 190: The Missing Heart Ware: After the big hoo-ha over the dismal SMRT bus 190 s... twitterurl #singapore
I should probably watch insidious tonight right? Or the originals? Or 90210? Or maybe loving my bed and bolster sound more appealing HA
part 1 of 2 bc too many people /pictures (also bc i fail at life and do not have the right apps ha)?? twitterurl
Some customer cannot give you all the products ask you check for once they like to give one by one ha nice I love your trick
alone today for work. I must be prepared to get stupid jobs or getting scolded bc idk what to do ha
??twitterusername ??La tahzan innallah ha ma???ana??? - ??Don???t be sad, Allah is with us?????? twitterusername once said this to me.Ty ukhti.
A bouquet of roses for you, dear haters. Love you! Keep tell the world about my BIG mistakes tu ha, i dont care.
A HA! QT twitterusername twitterusername remember Dr twitterusername is the engine behind the scrapping of HSC in Naivasha. Making him listen is hercul
Need to put up incident report for another patient also.the nok fall down while me and my HA was pushing the pt on the long trolley.sighhs
You? A Dad? Ha! That will be fun QT twitterusername In the next decade we shall be sharing pare             (cont) twitterurl
Look I love Yandi to death but she makes ratchet tv boring lol Why is her stable ass on here again?? Ha
"twitterusername Eating a meal of fish/week reduces your chances of getting a heart attack by 50%." But HA is common among Luos & Swahilis
Yo twitterusername twitterusername Just wanna say, all the jokes, and stuff at TAC, are merely for fun. Don't take it too hard ha. ;)
Samsung developing Context, a service that gathers user data and shares it with other apps:  Samsung is said to ha...  [AndroidAuthority]
[TheVerge] American businesses are holding credit card security back: Readers may have noticed a rash of stories earlier this week ha...
Happened to read wikipedia's profile of Jung Kyung Ho. And wow, I didn't know that he's so close to Ha Jung Woo :-O
Not wearing lenses now took em off awhile ago. Habis la i cannot see my guests faces clearly how to spot for their photo at work later ha
Salam twitterusername aku sokong kau RT tweet guna acc personal. Buat je. Mcm aku dulu RT tweet sendiri guna acc Seramshit. Ha dpt 4K follower
I see I'm going to say this on each twitterusername "this is my favorite episode" lol! twitterusername twitterusername the shooting range Ha!
Sungwon (*spread hands* who?) vs Minwoo of cos i go for Sungwon! nah just kidding HA MIN WOO ALL THE WAY BABY
Ha! An Indian State Premier is having a sit in demanding Federal govt cede control of state police to his office!
In my hour of need, ha! No, you're not there. And though I reached out for you, wouldn't lend a hand.
Ayyam I Ha also is the holiday before the Fasting Month begins, which is next week. We will fast for 19 days from sunrise to sunset.
You know that feeling when you see your ex friend(s) in the hallway and you're just like "ohhh ha I hate you."
Hahaha! awwww! :) but you dont know me!! :( get to kn... ??? You not my xiao Joce ah? Lolol sorry wrong person. Ha... twitterurl
Renault runs Formula One updates in new Lotus E22: The car has been updated since testing at Jerez: Renault ha... twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername eh guess wat gibir whatsapp me that day "i miss you" all come out ok fyi je tc dinz" ha
Psh. XD Hint la ha. Remember 3 years ago?.. :) ??? I certainly do & I missed talking to you smart one :3 twitterurl
"twitterusername In 2010, Verizon, GE & Boeing all earned over $1 billion, but paid absolutely no federal taxes." Ha! twitterusername should read this
my chickadicks because I don't have many girlfriends and they're the closest to a girl friend I could ever get ha twitterurl
Beli ni ha bg twitterusername "twitterusername Ready!! Nike Roshe Run Black/Sail size 40 (Free Ongkir &Bracelet)???Harga by SMS twitterurl
I hate people even if they do nothing to me. I bet if they had a contest for fat people, you'd win hands down. HA.
TCH yunho omg you and jae both ageing backwards. only thing is boo is looking younger, while you're getting more and more CHILDISH. HA.
??twitterusername It's so obvious your promises are lies and you're definitely gonna leave me. It's okay, i'm used to it. ha nothing is new
I swea Twin ain't str8 mane lol .. no good @ all !! Jus uh pretty face .. pose 2be bringn me sum 2eat but want me 2bring ha sum ?? Smh
Oiiii twitterusername got a slot on #1Xtra in march. Bigg movements. The hard works payin off. Keep it up. Watch out twitterusername ha
sweg RT twitterusername LOL?? ??twitterusername My dad is walking around the house singing "i love bad bitches, that's my fuckin' problem!" Ha
Like he trying to fist ha punani RT twitterusername TOUCH ME :/// "my passion fits like a glove" :/ this doesn't sound sexy
But Monday dgaf tho. She come around every week with ha stanky booty ass. Bitch dont know how to fuck off *sigh*
By the 3rd, dah tua ha! RT twitterusername Complete ns, get a degree, become a pilot, marry the love of my life, start a family & live happily
Why not get together with CY, you know you want to. ??? I treat him like a brother, a pillar of strength. I did ha... twitterurl
To the person who said you're fat. I bet she or he ha... ??? HAHAHA well yeah no one is perfect!! thank you so muc... twitterurl
Ha sadlife me. Everyone go out execpt me n sis at home sleep . Shall sleep thru th night . Dw cake th cut .
Do you think Mr Paul tan is hawt and Sexy????  You lo... ??? HAHAHAHAHAHA no I do not love him. I just think he ha... twitterurl
Why u go nyp. Why your name jiajunjay. Why why why ha... ??? Cause i not accepted to np and sp sighh.. idk, ask my... twitterurl
What could you do as a child that you can't do now? ??? Playing toys, not having to think too much, always been ha... twitterurl
Bentar RT twitterusername Dma ben? Ke gor lah RT bensbob: twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername DhoHusril twitterusername ndak tau ado futsal do ha..
The guy sitting next to me just took a photo of his food hahaha and he's wearing a business coat ha! Haha.
Ha remember when we missed the Vans sale in LA. Gosh. Vans going at 5 dollars. Imagine how many pairs I'd have.
Time didn't stand still but maybe I myself did. HA! Then, getting there was a long ride in the wilderness, only kampongs along the stretch.
Ha!!! #sotrue RT twitterusername A lot of yall who sing the song "I aint got no worries" have a shit load of worries.. #Stoplying
Savour the best of Hawker Masters at The Fullerton Hotel: March 14, 2013 3:35 PMBeat the snaking queues for ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername MLRT &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;; The Dog Reallyy?? KMSL twitterusername lol you should see ha!
What do you regret most? ??? I have 2 in my mind, joining netball in AI and going into thru train. and......... ha... twitterurl
So much for fcking spoiling our friendship when you can just share with me rather den getting a big HOO-HA about an issue when I'm overseas
Ha this dude tryna take my sis on a date, but the prob is she need a babysitter. So this nigga gone (cont) twitterurl
you guys broke up? you both were really cute. what ha... ??? haha ya we broke up. hehe thanks! because he told me ... twitterurl
Apple sets a May 1st cutoff for new apps that use UDIDs, don't support iPhone 5 and Retina screens:   Apple ha... twitterurl
Since there's so many of yall, y not book a table? RT twitterusername if you want (VIP) how does it work ha ??????? twitterusername twitterusername
Wah I think what Ha Ryu did was daebak. He published their life journey into a manhwa(comic). Serve you right Joo Da Hae. #yawang
So i brought d elderly female patient 2 go shower..and she said: ???, ???, ???????, ???????..ha :) Well, as long as the little 1 is healthy!
Hehehe. Dear Kenyans, after singing "yote yawezekana, bila Moi" in 2002, now his protegee sits at the apex of power! Ha! You've been shafted
HA! ?? am. & I refuse to continue to be miserable. I LOVE my job & the duties asked of me but I HATE my?? twitterurl
Good thing I got that free Red Bull from Playlist stocked in my fridge because I'm going to need it for this enviro review haha...ha.
Apple offers up to $345 for used iPhones ahead of iPhone 5 launch: While Apples (AAPL) next-generation iPhone ha... twitterurl
Apple denies giving IDs to FBI: APPLE said it didn't provide a set of IDs tied to its devices to the FBI that ha... twitterurl
Apple shows off taller iPhone 5: Apple reveals the iPhone 5, replacing a line-up that accounted for more than ha... twitterurl
ha cat got your tongue bitch? do your self a favor & I follow MYnigga! hoe ass bitch! twitterusername before I really get rowdy!
HA! QT twitterusername Mike Mbuvi 'Sonko' wins the TNA Senator ticket with 25,656 votes, Lee Mucheru 749 and Thomas Njuiri with 623
I fully regret myself for choosing thaose shoes i was wearing today. HA. rain ruined everything! feel so sorry for my feet and shoes..
Finally gat my 3 baked potatoes ^__^ i would share wit twitterusername but ha punk asz already gat a frig full lol
David Said Who Tf Is She She Tryna Talk To Me &' I Don't Even Know Ha Name All I See Is Titties!
Ha. twitterusername on Guardian football podcast, re: Luis Suarez???s latest biting incident: ??If a dog had done that, it would be put down.???
What's one of your favorite 'little things' to enjoy ... ??? Those moments where you laugh so hard that you can ha... twitterurl
Aw thanks I try ????twitterusername #oomf is a lil sexy choclate thang on mamas but i wuld neva spit my shit at ha lol???
too easy you let a girl go and get another girl to replace the empty side. wtfsih you think about girl ha bro?
Sex-for-grades trial adjourned for two weeks for law professor to undergo IMH tests: Law professor Tey Tsun Ha... twitterurl
[ST] Yale-NUS to start with 50-strong faculty in August: April 26, 2013 11:42 AMYale-NUS College ha... twitterurl #singapore
Comedians can be considered Celebrities too xDDD RT twitterusername you look like a celebrity? not all celebrities are good looking. HA!
Go from literally being otp like 20hrs a day to waiting 8hrs jus 2hear ha voice <<<<< knt deal but I'll sleep it thru
I SWEAR IF THEY COMES OUT IN THIS OUTFIT, I MIGHT JUST BECOME A MAYUYU OSHI. ha...just kiddin, oshi is amazing too. MARIKO ;A;)///////
Describe twitterusername ??? Hahahah Only one thing uh that i know about her. Her silly face looks like Mr Bean. Ha... twitterurl
Husband saw my HK photos. He: wa, your tummy SO big now! Me: of course, your son is growing very well, just like u..ha!
My Dad asked what am I doing in Slovakia after two weeks I'm here. He must really be getting old ha
Saket ape nenek tu"twitterusername Oh ha a bg aminnn RT twitterusername Buat nenek cendilah -,-"twitterusername Bukan kite-_- RT twitterusername Gws cen"
What do you like to do on the weekends? ??? Eat and obsess over bands and celebs HA I sound like I've got no life ... twitterurl
??twitterusername Don't fuck with an #Aries heart. They will fuck with your mind, body and soul and your best friend.??? HA!!! :)
In your course who you hate the most? Girls only. ??? huh hate is a strong word but i don't think have anyone i ha... twitterurl
i have health checkup HA RT twitterusername am i suppose to wear pe tomorrow but the talk in the hall is gonna be long tbh :l
"twitterusername Such a toement! :-( "twitterusername Painful toe nail... so open shoes it is! :-("" Ha baby siz, I see what you just did there
App of the Week: Landcam is Your All-in-One Camera and Editing Solution: Photo apps are a dime a dozen in mobile, and many of them ha...
Why Allan is rich? And he is hot too ;) ??? I won't elaborate on why he's rich. Have to respect his privacy :-) HA... twitterurl
So I took the mrt to hougang, ran to the nearest bus stop, and caught that same bus. His face was priceless when he saw me again. HA!
Kalau kata ke$ha "Your love is my drug" but my version is Your smile is my medicine... You were not mine yet~
If theres ever any sub i can drop, id drop science. Ha never liked it. But fact is i cant so just... Study loh.
Stomach bug linked to produce sickens 285 people in 11 states: (Reuters) - At least 285 people in 11 states ha... twitterurl
Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you. Have fun and give them something to talk about. Ha!
"Mia u cant be late or take any day off in november ok" and its my birthday month ha how sad
Lemme twitterusername by mangling the Queen's lingua franca... Where do I start?.... Hmmmm...*rubs imaginary beard*.... A ha! I should start their
HAHAHAHA not really confident for o's so better to ha... ??? Portfolio yes! They told me to prepare one but I just... twitterurl
Usually when I have plans, my schedule is busy. Today is a rare day where I'm free after school and i have no plans hah hah ha
I would rather have a nice cosy gathering with a few ppl + lots of food rather den gifts.. Maybe its juz me.. HA!
Everyone deserves a second chance & I think you gave ... ??? Ya i gave her more than enough chances alr i'm not ha... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Valve to reveal virtual reality prototype, big plans for Steam support: If the??Steam Controller and Steam Machine don't ha...
"twitterusername In 2009, Coolio attempted to stage dive during a performance. Nobody caught him, he was beaten up and had his shoes stolen" HA!
I just hate having conversation when im the one who like so excited but the other one just like "ha whatever okay" oww just hate.
Well: Doctors??? Boundaries With Patients: Doctors are warned not to get too close to patients, but it can be ha... twitterurl
I see Twitter as an outlet to air my very opinionated thoughts, random a-ha moments, some jokes. I am not here to fight you. Express myself.
I would like to have some small plants as Christmas present too..ya, is all for my new house :) I have been very auntie nowadays..ha!
The internet IS full of crap - soul of Homo sapiens not a pretty sight. But really ah, we ALL buay song, ha? Aiyoh! twitterusername twitterusername
Josh, i need help.. Please. My friend has been moody ... ??? I'm more concerned about your smile. If you're not ha... twitterurl
While we discuss terrorists and celebrate a mass-murderer, 'padosi' mulk sending a probe to Mars. Ha! Difference couldn't be more stark.
My nigha hmu out da blue 2day asking when uma start back smoking .. ha! Devil work in krazy yet noticeable ways smh
Hey gang twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername see how this Nyeri woman .twitterusername is trying too be modest. Ha! Humility and Nyeri? An oxymoron
I will fart right into ur mouth.. Like.. HA! Directly is better den catching fart and stuff it to ur nose..
Heyy come on, new manager after 27 years. What do you expect ha? We're not Liv, Chel, MC which always changes their manager. Kihkih #GGMU!
see life in movie in much different in real.In movie,driftlah macam mana pun ha tak matipun kebal.In life,Drift sikit mati
How's paper 1? ??? Alhamdulillah paper 1 was quite easy??? Paper 2 was a killer. I nearly cried after the paper ha... twitterurl
Which do you think is more important: following the d... ??? idk... even my bestie faced the same problem. both ha... twitterurl
YouTube Rewind Video Recaps The Year That Was: We watch a ridiculous amount of YouTube. In celebration of the end of 2013, YouTube ha...
Got ippt also good can have some cash injection during the Jan's pay or Feb's,  #SilverOrGold plus been doing nothing but resting in bunk HA
So how was your movie? :) lido 1 is one of tbe bigges... ??? Ya damn big o.o and I was at the first 3 rows SOBS HA... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Not many of us actually fought on the Day We Fight Back: If you were casually browsing the internet on Tuesday, you may ha...
Ha! QT twitterusername The word "swag" was invented in the 1960's by a group of gay men in Hollywood, which means, "Secretly, we are gay"!
Nala ha been calling me since awhile ago and now he want more food. He keeps scratching his head against my hands no boy, no
[Y!FB] A very happy Lunar New Year from all of us at Yahoo Singapore! Gong Xi Fa Cai!...: A very ha... twitterurl #singapore
Goin ma little sisters parents evening with ma mum n pops. Lets hope shes nothin like i was haha i used to shit myself every time ha
Wow i see i see! Do you have her picture? What is you... ??? I have hahaha plenty. Cannot say ah indescribable. Ha... twitterurl
where do you usually shop at? ??? Topshop topman pull and bear forever 21 occasionally H&M and other shops that ha... twitterurl
I'm going to see her when I leave this party because I really need to talk to her frfr and I miss ha
Octodad: Dadliest Catch Could Slop Onto the PlayStation 4 in April: See full gallery on TechnoBuffalo Now that the PC gaming world ha...
[TRE] Election: PAP???s vote-buying (Part 1): [This is part 1 of 3 contributed by author Oxygen] I ha... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man jailed 30 months for molesting 13-year-old boy: A 33-year-old man who molested a 13-year-old boy ha... twitterurl
War News Updates > Why Another 9/11 Will Happen: Photo: Sean Adair/ReutersWhy 9/11 Can Happen Again -- Gary Ha... twitterurl
Well, it proves that they still look like the same little kids I saw them during my secondary school years. Ha.
??twitterusername twitterusername ha?ape ni?aq tkcakap kau lahh weyy apeseyy??? i know la . How come wolf bro attacking his own pack lol
Costume Quest 2 Announced, Tim Schafer Back on Juicing Diet:  I don???t care what you think about the studio???s lineup of games, it???s ha...
3:3 now it the most exciting event of the day the decider of the race horse game ....STEP RIGHT UP HA MIN WOO
[Y!FB] Much has been revealed about North Korea in recent years, but one little-known s...: Much ha... twitterurl #singapore
[TheVerge] Tim Cook says the new book about Apple is 'nonsense': Apple CEO Tim Cook issued an official statement today saying that??Ha...
Wanna get this driving over and done with so I can do some shopping for mua mortal he he ho ha
.... twitterusername Ha Min Woo im not interested in SoReal or Jewelry im interested in u guys Ze:A Children of the Empire how are you boy?
Chinese snapping up used cars: Would you buy a secondhand car from Li Tian You? For more than 10 years, she ha... twitterurl
I think my mom was just staring at the Alfredo sauce I made yesterday and decided she would whip up a whole pot of mashed potatoes ha
Legally changed my name to $AM????R today. Do you think A$AP & KE$HA will accept me as their long-lost Indian brother now so we can hang out?
??twitterusername People hate when you show them how it feels to be treated the way they treat you.???I have did it and its been done to me!ha
Maybe cz i dont really like to take pic and it would be awkward to fake a smile. I'd look stupid. So out of anxiety i stick out my tongue ha
When u see life from another pov, u'll be happier because it is brighter than the one u used to see. And tt's why im feeling lucky today. HA
.twitterusername Ha! Oh yes, one more thing, its B-U-X-T-O-N! Ok? One more time, say it with me, Buxton!  Khekhekhe! Nice hat by the way
Ha! RT twitterusername I wifed a slut one time on accident she tricked me then when niggas realized who my gurl was they put me up on game lol
No error.. Of coz no error.. U give me more money.. I wun say one.. U give me less den i will.. HA! Tats interest for the money u owe
I'd love to buy S4 bc it's better bt then my choice will still be Note 2 >>> my thought o me editing Chaelin with stylus and my cray face HA
Whats best abt fangirlin is whn u meet lots of strangers and the next sec they are like ur best friends and idk i love everyone so much ha
Tak sampai hati nak sakit kan hati orang. Cos i know how it feels like being hurt by someone. But still, im the one who get hurt anyway. Ha.
I feel like I have studied too much and gonna forget alot of stuffs OMG! God ha to help me out later! *prays hard for all to stay within*
me: 'u like him?' sis2: 'no. u like?' me: 'ya i like! hehe.' sis2: 'r u sure?' *smirks* me: 'yes! ofc.' sis2: 'then u go pick him up' omg ha
Askin in shops for tree fu tom or sumat an zingzilla dvds for ma godson an they keep lookin at me like im some weirdo makin shit up ha
I think go in le bah, he suddenly text me says he go in DB ask me take carw i keeo thinking What's that. HA! Serve him right! twitterusername
#38 YO OMG IT'S BEEN SO LONG YA. I miss dancing man man ha ni with you TT Anyways you're a really nice girl & I'm glad I got to know you ^^
People made fun of me just bc I love Justin. They have no idea how much he means to me & how he appreciates us, Beliebers. Funny for u ha?
This is random, but if Ha Jung Woo n Jung Kyung Ho co-star in a crime/thriller/gangster movie one day, that'll be the day I die of happiness
A woman has no need to nag, yell, or beg to get what she wants & needs. The man either provides or she up & on ha feet doing it on her own
Well, it wasn't an invite per se, it was a call from my aunt asking me what time I'll be at her place for dinner. lol happy Ayyam i Ha!
AT&T Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 Gets Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean Update: If you???re still rocking a 10.1-inch Galaxy Tab 2 on AT&T???s network we ha...
Might look fine but the chain necklace is so so heavy that it's driving me crazy. I might wanna take it out since I took a pic alr LOL HA
Told husband not 2 get me bear /chocolate /roses 4 V day, those r 4 young girls. S im turning 28,i prefer MiuMiu bag,Chanel earing..etc..ha!
Stop being bitchy to me or in front me I hate that type of girl. Even prostitute got payment to be a sex slave eh you do it for free ha??
I woke up earlier than father in law,he was shock that I prepare breakfast myself,cos usually he does it 4 me..ha! I'm not so pampered k :)
[Music Bank Live] 100% - Want You Back now. 2nd time watching, i still think there's 1 part of dance reminds me of U-KISS Man Man Ha Ni =p
DON'T think I don't dare. I DO. JUST thinking FOR YOU only that's why I didn't. If I don't have a place for you in my heart, HA. EFF OFF
just got a little deep there ha now moving on with life I can't decide if I should stay in bed till noon or get out of bed now
Dont think ive ever seen ma pops cry till last night u know. Doesnt seem real. Only got 1 crazy irish nana left now ha. RIP Nana Betty x
