Late for work already. Hah hah hah hah
Hah hah hah ??? RT twitterusername Seriously......
Flu on performance day hah hah hah.
And everyone knows i dont give a flying fuck at work. HAH HAH HAH HAH HAH
bodyclock is so screwed. hah hah hah.
Hah hah no commentz~
laptop reformatted and best part is i forgot to back up my files/songs hah hah hah hah hah hah hah :') THERE GOES MY MUSIC LIBRARY </3 YAY
Morning~ and both my eyelids are swollen. Hah hah hah.
There's only 2 people in class.. Hah hah hah.
No Mood -> On Doom . Get it ? Hah hah hah .
This is my May hah hah hah. Best. twitterurl
Ever been so afraid to sleep. Hah hah hah sigh.
The beautiful back of my phone hah hah hah :') twitterurl
Gonna eat ice cream cake inside car. Hah hah hah.
Air stewardess? Hah hah haish.
This is whatcha get for being stupid hah hah hah.
Prototypes and prototypes and prototypes hah hah. So fun. Hah.
hah hah hah hah..... I don't give a fuck! *Breakdown with the breakdown*
Omg im in for Camp Renaissance whaaaaaaaaaat hah hah hah hah hah. Idk whether I'm supposed to be happy.
Oh no lontong and other raya food. there goes the clean diet hah hah hah hah hah.
My body is tired. Hah hah #youdontsay
Typical glory hunters. hah hah #MakeUsDream
Damn early for work. Hah hah
How to release stress? hah hah
I did doze off. Hah hah
At ktph now w classmates hah hah
I need to get ready a.s.a.p before luvv screams his head off always waiting for me.......HAH HAH HAH HAH
Supposedly core strengthening PTs for dance but my core is so weak hah hah hah hah hah no core only got fats lah hahahahaiz
Surprise, surprise, im not partialing hah hah hah hah hah i choose to stay in udk class am i supposed to regret :')
Good thing dandan birthday is next week and it's easier for me to remember hah hah hah hah
And i have dance practice at Tanjong Pagar after the workshop hah hah hah best nya. -.-
and the whole world asks why Salsa wasn't performing. Hah hah hah.
And the whole world asked why Salsa wasn't performing. Hah hah hah.
Matcha icecream > diet hah hah hah. *crying* *regretting* but matcha flavour... :')
That was the only video I could find where the girls was sempurna. Hah hah hah.
I feel like shit even in the morning. Hah hah hah.
10 more days to the day where i become the school's slave hah hah hah.
Bethany doing it too fast now idk why im excited about it HaH hAh HaH
Why when I like this guy you extra? Hah hah hah?!
freak RT twitterusername aitkenvicky and i miss those armpits.....yumyum......muehehehehe....grrrrr,hah hah hah
Can i be a bit pissed with my staff advisor? Hah hah hah. No? Cannot? Okay.
Do you drink? ??? Hah hah hah I expected this question. Occasionally. twitterurl
I am procrastinating hah hah hah. Fat blob of Aida still on the sofa with Leppard.
Build a physical paper prototype rollercoaster and also a GMK programmed rollercoaster hah hah hah
So when is Putrajaya going to mandate chadors for your women ah? Hah hah hah! #CaliphateOfMeleis
Can't take the village out of the villager hah hah hah
The awkward moment when i bump into my exbf just now. Hah hah hah.
Just ended salsa and here I am eating ice cream omg fml hah hah hah.
Coincidentally i was listening to The Headless Children. Abeh baca photo caption. Hah hah hah?
Build a physical and a programmed rollercoaster today hah hah hah
hah ! great.
hah typo
Its not abt 1D, its abt how funny she is. HAH HAH HAH twitterurl
45 sketches 3 mood boards. By 2:30pm. Hah hah hah.
Hah hah hah my phone fell and now the casing cracked hais. glass crack, casing crack. :')
Do you trust your friends? ??? hah hah hah no, only some. twitterurl
Hah hah hah I suck at floorplan. It looks like beds instead.
when you performing again :( ??? more like, when's my IG gonna settle everything. hah hah hah. twitterurl
Hah exactly
Hah overload...........
Hah pedesssssss (????? ????? ??'??)?
hah pathetic
hah homework......
Have dance practice tmr and im not asleep hah hah hah
I think i should really go blonde again! Hah hah hah.
Sorry :( RT twitterusername Hah hah hah. You're so full of it. You know shit my friend
Only have a month left and we haven't started choreography at all! Hah hah hah ????
I'm so stoked af for GTA 5 too! well im obviously jk hah hah hah.
omg prev rt so much hah hah hah my life... lol kk
Planning to wear chucks for prom. HAH HAH HAH.. Don't judge me, I'm not kidding.
Giselle tix sales starts today and hah hah hah i haven't worked for 3 weeks so.......
Build a physical paper prototype and a GMK programmed rollercoaster today hah hah hah
I used to have an afro when I was really young.. Hah hah hah. I know.
Boyfriend ? hah .
Homed ! Hah !
Hah cicing
overthinking hah.
Still can't get over that funny shit hah hah
HAH Kakak failed to take photo of me! HAH
Hah hah being short helps a whole lot.
Like really panas complain sejuk complain hah hah
African, Brazillian or.. From the Israel. Hah hah. I'm neither.
HAHAHA special training for baby beel HA HAH HAH HAAHAH
Lol wtf RVP a traitor? Ok pape la hah hah
Thank goodness I brought ear plugs along hah hah.
Nt so active on twitter anym hah hah
That is if I have somebody.. Hah hah. (':
I should sleep eh? I guess so hah hah
doing sec 3 maths woohoo so fun hah hah
Thursdate? Hah hah (@ The Curve w/ 16 others) twitterurl twitterurl
We had a long laugh time just now twitterusername . Talking to the Mac worker saying "Can i have "Hah Hah Hah Hah"" hahaha!
Hah i get that (:
Hah I'm tired already
Sleeping early hah
Hah bye fuckers.
hah forever and always
85 CCE points!  hah !!
Hah should've known better...
Block me? Hah loser!
Trust no one hah
Nak cover. Hah, failed.
fuck rs hah
Hah thats cute...
??twitterusername Hah twitterurl hiok
reaching school hah
hah i need sportshoes
not suprise tho hah
One day break? Hahahaha what one day break. Everyday got class till 1 March. Hah hah hah.
Stayed in school for like 6.5 hours on a school holiday hah hah hah so much life man.
wrist hurts ah hah ...
Hah Racher cares
cold morning hah
#NowSleeping hah. Nights.
Got my testimonial. HAH
Someone indirecting wimme? Hah. ?
Hah nice try.
Basic respect? Hah.
I got distracted. Hah!
stress level 101% hah -_________________-
Hah not anymore though
Hah chuck norris
Hah no chance :')
scared only. hah dog.
Hah gotcha, liar.
Hah both fav.
Hah shall off com .
Hah ! Speak for yourself!  -.-
scary sia hah
Hah cb that pic
Hah my tears..... Why..
Hah Jonathan is here
Just woke up hah !
Hah, yeah right
hah what ever ~
hah lol whatever
Hah . The irony
hah my life sucks
hah what a dude
excuses hah fuck u
results? Hah hah hah. to me, i didnt do as well as i expected it la but alhamdulillah ??
Finally legal ah twitterusername ?????????????????????????????? happy birthday la crazy girl. So young hah. Hah. Hah. Fuck the world enjoy yourself ???
work + dance in a day. oh yay just the two things i love doing most right? hah hah hah
"Join an IG, if you don't know what to do with your free time," said everyone. Hah hah hah.
So much for 'they would be there when u are in need of support' hah hah hah
Da sampai CMT, they tell me I need to work at Bukit Batok. Hah hah hah. Idw to work thereeee :(
I have my own diary but its so personal nobody gets to read them hah hah hah??
Allowing myself to spend only 100 a week but thats obviously never gonna happen hah hah hah *cries*
I am the only one who failed UDK in my class y e a y . . Hah hah hah.
ok then ok hah ...
hah lol perfect moments.
E learning?  Hah wgt?
Praveen is annoying hah .
mood swings hah wow
???? where my sweater hah ...
hah life's good
Hah its funny :*
Hah I knew that
Besok off & planless. Hah
Getting sick soon hah
is everyone dead hah
Hah fck this ...
Hah convenient spelled wrongly
it's not Christa hah
oh hah acalling now
hah excuse me?
I'm so stoked af for GTA 5 lol no jk well duh obviously jk hah hah hah.
Lol aku in a crowd of chinese people.......and they be like 'cb ah cb hah hah hah asdfghjkl'
So I thought my bf was here in the end some apek from afar HAH HAH HAH
who win yesterday hah ?
hah found it!
its obvious fuck hah
Hah I knew it
Hah, wrong account.
Got another info hah (:
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored study hah serious.
Hah ignored you HAHAHA
Hah #foreveralonechild on Valentine's.
F.F.F hah irony.
hah new neighbor
trigo is confusing hah
Lol what wrong hah ?
hah annoying pinoys everywhere....
Hah two faced.
hah two faced
Hah first paper
hah new specs twitterurl
HAH, P freaking RC ???
Nice hah twitterurl
Hah exactly this twitterurl
Hah girls logic
Hah people being envious.
Hah whats new
Hah thats a joke
Got woken up by my mum and now i cant go back to sleep. Hah. Hah. Hah.
No configured laptop. No UDK. And i forgot to bring my mouse hah hah hah oh WHAT a lucky day.
Ohyeah , I wanna stay out all night at Townarea for countdown and stuffs! Kinda excited hah hah hah .
Not even an hour yet and i already have a mark on my tablet hah hah hah #ReasonsToHateMyself :') twitterurl
Hah ~ fuck this tv show .
hah knew it. excuses excuses.
Hah received another hate questions
62%. Should off 3G hah
Omg new twitter hah slow
hah!? alex yg out??! watde.........
can't afford to waste. hah
bands coming money burning hah
Hah that sounds so wrong
Prev rt. Hah right timing.
Goosebumps sia the drop. Hah
leaving w stupid reasons. hah.
'Charmane' hah wow how fast .
Hah , 2 Citaro on Sv28
Hah this la sia?? twitterurl
Hah i aint tht stupid
sports day tmr hah fuck
"twitterusername Forgiveness? Hah fuck you"
& eventually everything ends hah life
She's aslp. Im not hah
I tried. not enough. Hah.
Letting twitterusername experience ARTPOP hah
Hah should forget about it
$500 richer next week hah!
Cute couple ah :p hah
Hah when tay jus called >
"Not good enough" PPPFFFFT HAH.
hah lol always acting innocent
Proud of myself hah CHEY
hah addicted to this song
Slut ? Cheap? Whore ? .. Hah idk..
Just trying something new. HAH!!
Hah. nice one uh sial.??
Shisha pe? Happy tuesday! Hah ??
sometimes it's that annoying hah
Starting to hate everyone hah
Not enough network coverage hah _|_
Overthinking at night. Hah forever
broken fat whore hah twitterurl
Bis still not working  ! Hah  ! !
Temp new twitcon hah sucks
nites . really sleeping now hah
Good morning to me, HAH
Hah, im freaking out here
hah,a teacher doing that.
unprepared hah as per normal
someone becoming a man hah
My IG is dead! Hah (>_<)
Talking shit bout me hah?
my pits are sweating hah
me here being antisocial hah
Not gg audition tomorroq hah
Hah complications are never extinct
Monkey see monyet do hah
Perks of being me hah
not rdy at all hah
HAH, in your face yo
Previous RT. hah true that
hah its attitude over appearance
Hah fck tht im done
What's the big hoo hah.
Fuck my life . Hah twitterurl
Jacques Ooi hair. Hah wth
hah omg I contradicted myself
JDT dont plray plray hah !
Forever alone sia today. HAH.
Makin ramai community ni. Hah
Suddenly more followers. Hah yay :)
Ambisius face hah [pic] ??? twitterurl
Hah I was right....ish.
Uve got a plan hah
how great hah thanks ah
Shit showing my weakness . Hah.
Best one yet hah twitterurl
The art of using facial wash to look like Joker HAH HAH ?? twitterurl
nap like cray bc I can bc mrt bc cck-jurongeast-pioneer-tampines hah hah
Didnt eat my chicky wrap ah amekau now gastric hah hah
today's pepero day so um... *plays it with mirror* hah hah haha ha :'(
Hah hah leg cramp. Hurts so much I don't think I can even walk.
Don't know anyone who's uglier than me except for my exes' gfs. HAH HAH.
I'd rather bear wif this, than going to the toilet hah hah malas tauuu malass!
Hi. I'm from Malaysia & I adore you. :) ??? Hello there, hah aww. You are? Hah ?????? twitterurl
Spent 90% of my pay in 24 hours hah hah fuck me right?!
seriously why get so annoyed. if people tweet also same what right hah hah
Sometimes u cant even be friendly , later people start thinking you're flirting ..... Hah hah ?
It's just crazy when you think about it. Hah hah. Why?
??twitterusername No hijab, no cats what's next? No halal food? Hah.??? HAH to this
I wanna order merch but the site is under maintenance ah hah hah tak kelakar
Sissy is afraid of munching the ice. HAH! Aft telling her everything. Hah, ><
After 3 days of no work, back at CMT. hah hah. *cries*
I received a love letter......... from the company. For being 5hours late. Hah hah.
Didn't get an A for Malay and ambitiously tryna learn Chinese hah hah yay me
I might go to school with this anime hairstyle one day. HAH HAH.
So far,hah hah i dont give a flying fuck about anything
Hah hah redid my poster again and now I'm happy about it.
How much? Discount abit la hahaha ??? Depends hah! No money, don't club lah haiyo. Hah twitterurl
FUCKKKK I totally forgot I got dental today and hah hah look at the time.
Writing stuff to add in my scrapbook as at this hour as if I don't have to be in school tomorrow hah hah hah
LOOK AT THAT GRIN ON MY FACE! HAH HAH HAH!! So happy just because he agreed to take a picture with?? twitterurl
I would say that, but I can't because it's not true. I have all the bloody time in the world for R muthafuckin' Js. hah. hah. hah. :')
When will my exam results be released hah hah hah? Why does everyone does nt seem to care abt their result nw?
Just finished arranging then customers mess it up its now a pile of clothes hah hah hah pukimak to you lot :')
P r o c r a s t i n a t i n g . . . And not doing anything about it hah hah hah. #storyofmylife
There's one more show to be confirmed for next January omfg can we be assholes and say no hah hah hah?
But really, spending more than half a week on dance and work. Ah, my school holidays are oh so happening hah hah hah.
ya bloody hell RT twitterusername All the guys on my twitter are ranting about soccer hah hah hah timeline full of it!!!! >:(
Everytime there's a gym class I just love the stretch parts because flexibility is the only thing I'm better at hah hah hah :')
This morning at 4am I woke up w my laptop still on hah hah hah. Must've fell aslp waiting for that eternal sunshine movie to finish loading
instructor said, "i'll make sure u win salsa competition." my social dance frame was horrible and u talk about competing. hah hah hah.
For the sun n the earth, could I just lay in ma bed right here right now, please:'))))) hah hah hah u,u
I met their Salsa Team President before, once. She was nice and friendly and pretty and can dance so well total opposite of me hah hah hah.
5 months ago i could just drop and split. One injury, followed by months of laziness after that.... Hah hah hah. So stiff.
Just accept the fact guys hah . Bye
Was productive today :)(: dpt buang org. Hah
So.... im still on my bed hah !
Morning. Going to school late. Hah! x
ouut . lets head to ytss . hah k
Hah! Guess who's not rushing today! Heheheh
Dancer's perspective? hah u shut up.
WOW we got a badass here. Hah!
hah,semua kna dtg study hall. #school2013
bringing back home that H2 bitch. hah
"twitterusername hah twitterurl my classmates are stupid
No hookah with homies tonight. Hah. Demmit.
yay hah easy to and change languages
you're seriously one of a kind hah
hah wtf...Reia wristband sold out
when twins reunite again hah twitterurl
:: Walking alone in the rain.. Hah!
Nothing better to do -.- hah twitterurl
But telepathy? Hah okay i don't know.
I've been thinking too much. Hah
back at our dorm whoopee hah
Hah the thought of diagnostic tests pffft
hah spongebob is a footballer twitterurl
My phone is soooo dry. Hah
I see it's a #shotsfired #ff hah.
So fast kena replace liao. HAH!
hah nobody really cares do they
just not the right one hah.
hah not really ??? haha oh alright twitterurl
Hah I never did say that
school at 8 but hah who cares .
Hah what am i even doing
Tyson won Survivor Blood vs Water ! Hah .
And i think im done trying? Hah
??twitterusername you obviously don't care...hah :)???
hah big eyes and what not twitterurl
Jordan's physio also wasting time hah
fuck it's almost 2 hah goodnight
Hah! Cant say anything now #owned
Hah, nothing reminds me of you..
Hah so many songs from yesterday
On leave next sat hah finally
Later maybe going granny house. Hah!
Hah caught you off guard BIATCHH
??twitterusername Unique Peacock Spider! twitterurl wth hah
Hah kau! broken eng to the lish.
hah I know exactly what to write
'They should just get together' hah no ??
Cdtta is so boring already hah
is that all you know hah !
Not all hah. Not all twitterurl
so much for being civilised hah
You're more pathetic then I thought hah
Tbh ice skating seems/is fun hah
2am and im not yet asleep. Hah. :')
i see what's important u hah
Hah most likely i'll emo at home
Studying the mechanics of my brakes hah
Helllla people stopped following me hah
I literally forgot to eat today hah
Ya, for 3years hah maintain la
can hss participate in ndp 2014 ? hah .
I wanna work at airport. Hah sigh
watching football with cik noorman hah
Cause you got the looks hah
hah why should I be surprised.
Looking for flight tickets now. Hah
Saw this on fb. Hah joke twitterurl
Hah.  *laughs at my pathetic life*
Hah there is someone who cares
The tekong effect still applies HAH
Previous RT. HAH. I always got that
Lazy to dressed up lah today. Hah
im so sorry for spamming hah
hah maybe thats why they hate me
Bad sign, overthinking at this hour. Hah
sailor zombie,HAH...what a title.
??twitterusername Cdtta is so boring already hah???
Sure to clinch the top again . Hah .
Charging my phone now. Bleargh. Hah
And people say i tweet alot HAH
Non local. Hah! Rapping ke pe ?
We need new goal keeper. Hah seriously
Omg hah dying from laughter xD
Double encore? hah, wait long long
I'm eating my breakfast now HAH
funny how you always contradict yourself, hah :-)
infinite maybe in smtown hah no.
hah music video so troll wtf
??twitterusername 3rd day @ Admiralty.??? Fun hah??
im suppose to sleep but hah nvm
woke up from my nap hah .
HAH RT twitterusername /ignores tabi's face twitterurl
Homed from popular. Buying art stuff. Hah!
Crying alone in the toilet. Hah.
Step cute sia pew pew hah bye
wah this week no cca hah
Hah tht is soo unlike you ... Lolol
hah to think that I got cheated
Ehhhhh someone indirecting wimme ah.  Hah
Date yourself Day ^^ Hah! #pathetic twitterurl
i found u already hah hi twitterusername
Sore throat now hah new one fml
So tired hah I'm going crazy??
good morning is it raining outside hah
LOL!!! PKNS got a consolation goal... Hah!!!
No mood for anything already man, hah
Dad "no comment ah goalkeeper dia" hah
"twitterusername fuck me to sleep hah" hepppp
hah singapore step power nk oppose anonymous
somehow excited to see mummy tmrw hah
Hah whatever anyway its alr 30th !
Hahahaha, whatsapp's lawyer warn them? Hah cool!
Pimple ruin my 'pretty' face hah
Im stalking cat photos at instagram.............. Hah
So many hot guys at woodlands. Hah
What's the big hoo hah man
I think Malaysia can win this. Hah
Caught in action! Digging nose! HAH! twitterurl
hah! your ass just got loonytooned
The urge to go toxic today. Hah
Avatar the ending like that? Hah
I'm so weak right now hah
Hah, you're not going anywhere with her
Hah . Silly me . I fell asleep
Hah? Apaan? :| "twitterusername Whystyle is going to .. ^^"
2 vs 4 hah yeah right.
but hah im still in bed
Didnt take picture much hah wgt??
Guys w nose piercing kinda cute. Hah
Hah i dont fucking care now
Cos I'm always anti social hah .
Walao, the red veh bright. Hah
hah you speaking of yourself bro?
Without fail teachers pet hah annoying
I prefer otp than texting. Hah #Factsaboutme
hah 1 more tweet to that position
Ain't in any need right hah .
Cranes hah #origami #cranes #bored twitterurl
Hah not all done, wish me luck !! :)
Enthusiastic mother and daughter, HAH twitterusername  twitterurl
Hah thats the fucking problem with you ?
Hah wtf is wrong w you
Hah we are always typing shit. ?????? twitterurl
shall go for a "Fun" Run Hah
Hah okay thats very mean of me.
hah so much for being productive ><
the wedding was actually entertaining hah
Forever alone on da floor hah
im suppose to sleep but hah nevermind
Why i'm always getting jelaous hah?!shtman
What wrong did i do hah
I forgot today is monday hah
Simon and the groups hah expected
1week+ w/o phone challenge accepted HAH
Hah what can be worser i wonder
changkat is the best hoo hah
Instagram direct hah what is that for
Feeling excited for no reason. Hah!
Hah Henderson sec ci equally annoying
Hah fuck care. Walk your own life.
shall watch masters sun again hah
Things just wont go right . Hah .
Chelsea!! hah in Mourinho we trust.
Hah valencia reminds me of fiza lol
Ahhhhh sunday must go out leh hah
hah beach boy is so dope
I really hate my fucking life hah
another love story of your's ? Hah .
why is like everything my fault ... hah
I hate smokers but............. Hah the irony.
maybe you're the annoying one hah
Can I not go school tomorrow hah .
Nenek listening to "Little Things" hah
so everyone's using keek now aye? hah
Shiiittt yall some assholes hah twitterurl
hah im too bored in school
hah getafe scored cos of ronaldo haiyo
Obv twitterusername & twitterusername forgot me hah
you falling for me ? hah impossible. :)
wee martin bought for me hah twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername hah hole week??? lol!
Anybody schooling at NAFA or LASALLE? Hah.
you keep unfollowing me hah? great.
Hah i forgot everyone is at school.
For how long ? Hah! For how long??!
hah Anna 2nd last so cute xD
It's a big deal to me hah
hah like that's going to happen
nobody gives a fuck lah. hah
there it goes again. hah fml
not even surprised hah oh well
why hah why why why why
hah can my dream just happen already?
Oh well, eventually everyone leaves. Hah...
Hah Paris Hilton. Hey there girl ;)
hah rindu #iamhardwell #gohardwellorgohome haks haks twitterurl
Pasir ris not that heavy sia. Hah
Bring light stick along too.. hah
hah yet to do malay compo correction
Hah i need a life twitterurl
What kind of this shit, hah -_-
My eyes is getting more berat hah
I miss late night convos. Hah sigh
Breakfast or no..... Hah fickle minded.
My guy cousins complaining abt moyes. Hah
Been watching horror flicks these days,hah
as always to work alone hah
no one even appreciate me hah.
One more drawing and im done. Hah!
okay what's wrong with me HAH
Not dont regret this, you wont. Hah. Dont even know why i waste my message on you. Hah.
Nobody wants to listen to me until they realise that it's too late then hah hah jokes on you.
Hah hah what are the odds, I went online and research about the symptoms I have and.......... Fuck.
I missed one composition class and OFC WE ACTUALLY DID WORK FOR ONCE AND GOT ASSIGNED A PROJECT HAH HAH
So basically we analyze an ENTIRE bloody game system. Firing system, health system, scoring system, etc. Haaaaahhhh hah hah.
You can't beat Targus. Even Samsonite will bow to Targus whenever I want it so. Hah hah.
So basically today we analyze an ENTIRE bloody game system. Firing system, health system, scoring system, etc. Haaaaahhhh hah hah.
that plastic sheet is out of stock. hah nice.
done preparing alr hah. okay shall sit here and stone
Austin and daniel tweeting to each other hah
its 10 alrd hah i failed my mission
Luckilyy i bring my brother 's one .. Hah
You're only making yourself look bad. Hah. Fucking ass.
They shouldve broke up long ago. Hah finally!
I miss dancing with you. ??? Hah! Who are you? :) twitterurl
Iya pohon"twitterusername Hah pohon? RT RP_EXOchanyeol: gue pohon ya...."
I'm gonna wear fbts out HAH I DON'T CARE
Indulging ice cream while watching my drama ! Hah ! #pbg
Just reach home (: hah, same timing as last week
hah don't need to run 2.4 tmr NEHAHAHA
??twitterusername :o. really uh? hah eepppp twitterusername twitterurl shittttttt
Was practically shouting the whole day hah. :b
You must be kidding me. Why so many homework hah? -..-
hah , da fug ? no changes ? open yr eyes wide maybe ?
I'm gonna cry blasting this song, hah wrong choice
I'm a burden to everyone. Hah tell me about it
I actually feel like crying, hah I am pathetic
you got me excited to watch the news. hah. twitterusername
strong enuff hah ? lets see how its going ..
lol I don't think u shld be saying that hah
aww isn't that how we're like in th past hah ..
Fever's back again. Hah tell me something new.
At foyer cause i don't really feel like eating hah
Decided not to do the two ther nametags. Hah
Many people complaining about the slow train hah..
will retweeting tweets help? ?? nvm I'll just retweet everything HAH
She has too much fun for being by herself. Hah
Talking all bullshit cause that's what you worth hah
Another one came in. And now has left. Hah
& i have exactly 25 minutes left hah pathetic.
On our 2nd anniversary.... Hah my worst day ever.
Lazy dye back so dyed not so obvious . HAH
my friend cb hah this is damn funneh twitterurl
ijr i didnt follow danish in instag hah
out to town heh see me tegur tau hah
I should stop revealing how I feel. Hah.
haters. hah no time to entertain ya ;) srry
Meh meh was very tired last night hah. :P
You're just somebody that I used to fucking know. Hah
Oh, Kuszczak now plays at Brighton. Now I know. Hah!!!
"I contact dgn u sorang je" hah world
i can't sleep & i'm working in the morning. hah
Top up prepaid then nobody text. hah life
Going schl with my brother. Hah, happy friday. ????
"twitterusername I want deluxe ! :'( hungry" im eating it now . hah
and yes, how did i not see that coming.... hah
Hah! Gayyyyyy RT twitterusername Goodnight tweethearts... Okay that's fucking lame _|_
People dw ot but we want it HAH
Hah back one day earlier from fieldcamp . Yay
So amused im dying bc ur words tickles HAH
And only one qns on organic chem came out . Hah .
Art @ ktph. Hah so chilly and quiet twitterurl
Indirect tweets????? Nobody aren't got time for that. Hah.
Feeling sleepy but cannot sleep . What is this ?! Hah
Is my whatsapp being an ass or he? Hah.
hah,still kind of regret not getting white color...
Two is better than one. Hah.. Yeah right. Lol twitterurl
Azri being weird as always. hah! #throwback #yesterday twitterurl
guess who missed her stop hah hahha haaha me
Been so long since I came this area, hah~
That is if i'm going this sat hah
All you do is hiding behind the screen hah.
Been a long time. Still sketchy hah twitterurl
Still controlling my anger after reading my ask fm hah
Hah chest feels a whole lot better now
should really try the blow into the bubble thing hah
Kinda miss otp w someone special till this hour. Hah
I miss stressing out fr my O's. Hah
Is one one kitchen good? ??? Huh? Whatya mean? Hah! :) twitterurl
lol im not going hah i think it's a scam
??twitterusername no one's there for me also hah life???
1st day at cotton on later at 8am hah goodnight!
One song can changes your mood within seconds. Hah
Dk why Welbeck makin bagus this season. Hah
hah i wish i was this white twitterurl
Saturday I have guestlist again. Hah club toxic. zzz
"twitterusername Hah no maths tmr fuck the homework."
Hah, Tis my brother's day this coming Friday.
I just feel like running away from reality. Hah
Hah, a Rosaline showed face to me this morrow.
What do teenagers think about? ??? Enjoying their life? Hah. :) twitterurl
Who is this cheebye Christian faggot David Liu hah? twitterurl
So it really happening. Hah. Nak tido balek
shall just see what u will do about it hah
You finished your homework ? ??? Hmmmm...can say so hah twitterurl
lol what the fuck im kidding hah im so not
didn't expect that coming but fuck this hah
Hah ! Badan tercabut !? | Exoot Apps twitterurl via twitterusername
i followed Justin Bieber and Selene Gomez? Hah since when?
but too bad idk how to sing japanese song. hah
Phone dying! Battery empty! Im still outside! -_- Goodbye! Hah
sleeping sooon... errr... should sleep now instead. Hah!
hah paantuh..RT twitterusername desi ladies respectRT twitterusername respectttt
"twitterusername twitterusername hah I'm not married!" Ask your mummy!
#indirecttweetforyourex . Listen to I'm still loving you maybe ? Hah .
4th day of cny, don't know where to go. hah ??
Who's working tomorrow? AH HAH! Not me this time. ??
I want to stop drinking man , seriously . Hah
Mdm Norsiah is indeed an understanding teacher hah ????
I seem ok but hah I obviously faking it
That $5 i saved for today? Hah shall buy lasagna.
Hah my dad knows he's in the wrong.
So i am talking to the moon hah
Hah I sound desperate. No people I'm not that desperate.
today gig was awesomeezzz all the bands were great! hah
"twitterusername Mr Amir training the c div.. Lucky bastards hah"
Annoying people with picture of my vomit on ws hah
lol unrather give her food than giving me hah
Bumblebee is a Chevrolet Camaro. I just realised that. Hah.
I should just go late for remedial hah #badass
but I won't be meeting certain people HAH fuck off.
Not cool if youre drunk in camp hah!
I got called dirt by the Oi hah. Funny.
You probably see your facebook likers as backups . Hah , pathetic .
That's awk cause you're using my picture hah
The only white guy, the goalkeeper. Good! Not racist. Hah
hahahhaa"twitterusername twitterusername ur father hotstaff kot hah ?"
Hah! That's what you get for being a prick.
Get guestlist to dream but nay, not going. Hah
They're getting richer while we're getting poorer hah kcan ????
Nuggets dipped with grape jam is not bad, HAH
Its amusing to see how these kids seek validation hah.
Dad and me have problem using th windows 8. hah
Failed ss, failed maths. Hah expected la ok.
Hah!Friends? I only remember having primary school friends
Good luck to those having Geog after that! Hah!
"twitterusername twitterusername thanks for the friendly advice :)" HAH YOUR WELFUCKINGCOME.
Got my mc hah ! Slow sia polyclinic!  Ughh
Online shopping now. Hah cos shopping makes me happy.
Followed (; "twitterusername twitterusername eh ken! Hah follow back?"
Proud to say that im not one. Hah.
self declared gaming day tmrw hah fuck the worldddddd
Stop hinting me. Hah no no no toxic twitterurl
this year is marfi's year cos ??fi HAH twitterusername twitterusername
Hah i was right abt luhan's jacket twitterurl
the most lah hah ??? Haha ermmm idk twitterurl
Bila dh combine coding selection and repetition. Hah! Amik0 rasakan
Omfg shouldnt have checked. Takpe i saw nothing hah
I hope miracle do happen tho. Hah but it's impossible
I can see that ITE kinda fun? Hah.
My timeline is full of Justin's mugshot hah
Yay new twitcon. Its nt nuce but yeah hah
Religious tweets all over tl suddenly hah unfollowed
bought a creepers for $12. hah mana nak dapat
lok tweeting @ my private personal account instead hah
this cute baby cant stop looking at me hah. twitterurl
here i am .. reading tweets n tweeting ... hah moments
I wanna eat at eighteen chef please. Hah sigh
Getting sick and tired of holidays. Haha. Weird hah.
hah sorry i just really hate all of u bye
Should I follow his insta? Hah just kiddz
I wanna cry hah my flu is bloody annoying.
long fringe = having more pimples on your forehead . hah .
Shopping + Sales = oh god, bitter sweet combo. Hah
these books are going to injure my arm hah .
Hoping that everyday will be a better day hah
But i guess no one want to ask. Hah
I just want to concern u ??? hah twitterurl
Moyes disease passed down to rogers. Hah kidding zzz
its only 10 and im sleepy.  hah #weak
Hah, a year younger and already looks like a goddess :)
Party animalsssssssss hah k sorry back 2 studying twitterurl
The urge to start smoking again. Hah nah.
Ehh.. Abang amin appeared in suria's trendisional. Hah.
im so blurr on what I bring tomorrow hah
Looking at all my test results hah goodbye 4.0 gpa
i think i gg to be late for class. hah
the wind is so nice HAH can i walk home
This day just couldn't get any fucking better hah.
Dah agak dah, confirm Gervinho subbed off. Hah!!!
Hah congrats dude~ Yeah a sticker for your achievement
FYI I cannot hear. & you saying its my fault? HAH.
What a joke. Everyone starts ' caring ' when i disappear. Hah.
Probably you've already found someone better haH goodluck
hopefully got fight ah this match hah comfirm best
hah stuck since forever urrrgh why cannot solve!!!
my niece comfirm enjoying at Bieber concert hah
He's the sweetest thing I've ever had! Hah
"twitterusername See through you. hah. What a "friend""
i really need to read everything before assuming hah
sitting all by myself.. No life hah twitterurl
hah now u know what it feels like
Watching football online is always an alternative way. Hah!!!
Dirty dirty pun The Rock is still the champion!  Hah!
Whatever lah okay you're not worth it lah hah
oops don't bother studying now.. just woke up hah
I'm getting later and later each day. hah
Somewhere outside near tampines by the bay. Hah
Hah look what I found #chichagoBulls jersey ! twitterurl
going to school on a school holiday hah
Hah happy 25 th birthday to my elder brother !
Hah I have a lot to catch up. Meh.
But Im actually editing some things for my project. HAH
Teach me how to talk with him . Hah .
Byk abg-abg handsome sini at town. Hah
Tomorrow NPAP, Wednesday training dont need to go hah okcan.
Guys like that is veh rare to find nowadays. Hah
hah i still cant believe my sunhee couple is gone
Hah, so its true, left eye always tear first.
Why so show off? Everything also know. HAH!
"twitterusername Hah you don't even know what happened"
looks like you want all the handsome guys huh ? hah .
:: not loudly but at least mumbling to myself.. HAH!
And to think we were close friends . Hah .
u just had to spoil my night hah :)
Hah! Like the one im wearing on my twitpic. Hehe.
Airport's toilet la sia hah with twitterusername ???? twitterurl
Forever & always have this kind of mindset. Hah twitterurl
Hah! Was watching TVD episode 23. Suspend gila sia.
i shall surrender my phone to mummy .. Hah
"twitterusername cant even grant a wish of mine hah thanks"
Wah, good job. One by one leave the conversations. Hah.
24hrs shift mean i wont go home hah shit
Simple, no one is here with me. Hah
I just cant see myself being happy hah
Girls loves confidence? Hah aha ha a h
Redeemed fifa14 first pack and got Busquets. Hah.
hah! I'm going to bash your head into a wall
i think im gonna break down soon hah.
Lying on my bed paralyzed,except my hand. Hah
Today's lion dance was so............ Not interesting hah
??twitterusername Contact me if you need me.??? How to? Hah ??
First time eating rice in so many days hah
Still remember the epic moment during hockey training hah hilarious ??
I keep forgetting there is school today hah
so boring... guess I'm turning in soon. hah
Woahhh RT twitterusername Was productive today :)(: dpt buang org. Hah
Hah so much for trying to sleep before midnight
There's test next week and..... I'm so not coming hah.
Shall turn in now hah early me. Goodnight guiseee! :-)
All i hear is your ex ex ex . Hah
I'm done studying physics. Finally understand. Hah! Self-study better.
Skipping Cds for studying math quiz tomorrow HAH
Cheng En on 1D song. Hah! Live While We're young!
In chris' car hah brings back way too many memories
"Engineering Mechanics Dynamics" HAH?! APA TU?? *hentak laptop*
My baby being so busy . Take care hah
The guy hates girls. Abeh slash pmpn. Hah, gila
hah not surprised that i failed my mt
Should have brought shorts hah it's so hot
You're making me look ridiculous loving you. Hah~
What you said last time was like.......hah lies
A place where you can ask anything. Hah. twitterurl
I think im the most messy manager ? Hah
woah really damn long never listen this song already hah
when i say something right you'll be against it. hah
Hah sian. One step closer to ns twitterurl
rindu? i dont think so? bet youre lying? hah bye
now my twitter font is small hah wee
Epp!!! Tehah.. Whose pic is tht hah.. twitterurl
19% left and I'm not at home. Hah
You all whatsapp me awhile aje pe. Nanti hilang hah.
What's up? ??? I'm good, man. Hah who are you? :) twitterurl
Hello  cutie  :) ??? Hah hi to whoever you are. :) twitterurl
impossible for someone to have a crush on me hah.
Everyone is falling sick hah welcome to the club
??twitterusername Malindo starts daily flights to Bangkok | twitterurl hah twitterusername !
Have to redo my backdrop again hah eh thanks la
messing her hair is like an everyday thing hah <3
I guess being materialistic just runs in your blood hah
Watching all these people drinking making me feel tipsy hah
no one to talk to hah as usual
Short getaway makes me forget all my probs. hah seriously
never been this happy eversince last year hah
And so im following CNN on twitter. Hah
.......hah kay... phone playing haru haru.... and .. hi. Tears
Late coz of jam, hah well done LTA
Even if i die, no one will care. Hah.
Whut makes you think drinking is sinner than smoking hah
Hah. Lets see how long u can stay this way
not gonna dress up. just gonna wear home clothes HAH
damn gaga is online when i'm sleeping. hah what's new?
So you think I'll say sorry? Hah! Get fuck dude!
I just realized I never take straw hah.
Mr Alan took our class just now hah
Finally, no one asking me how to jailbreak. hah.
Hah ? I dont care . Well yes i care :(
Mother Tongue, hah this is simple. No sweat at all.
Wasting tears middle of the night. Hah. Great feeling eva.
Gay bgt "twitterusername Mantep ye avatar gue..?! HAH!! (?'??'?)9"
Good! hah the man-u game?poor them twitterusername
i feel like having a wordpress hah hahhhhhhhh
Hah i cant believe it. So its her. Yucks.
"twitterusername hah im starting to miss u alr lol"
Hah then how you study i mean revise? twitterusername
Hah? RT twitterusername Morning saturday be havefun please :D
Selamat beristirahat, good night star! :) "twitterusername Home sweet home hah...."
Lets watch MAMA tgt. Midnight movie date? Sounds good? Hah ?
Hah ! It's too obvious that i'm stupid twitterurl
E Maths diagnostic test tmr.. Hah ! Lazy to study ah.
Almost 11 hours of Muay Thai-ing yesterday hah
If I'm renmei I really dk how sia hah
I don't like china people at chinatown hah .
Someone liked my laughing vid at Keek hah weird
Haha at least I when below 27! Hah :D
bitch u sound kinda pathetic self-praising urself hah please ?
So amazed looking at how enormous ITE CC is, hah
Bleargh. Otp wimme or smth. Hah so bored man
I actually haven't done any stretching today. Hah. Miracle.
Finally soccer after a long week of exams. Hah
??twitterusername twitterusername how about no? :b??? sigh, it's ok. Hah ??
wahh amirah wanna pass me something. Very suprising hah. ?
"twitterusername I almost forgot today is what day. Hah" Saturday
Hah i saw what you did there boy
Bukak profile. Turn off retweets. Hah, puas hati.
Too sleepy stand also tak betul tak boleh stable hah
Whatever the reason, I'll keep listening to 1970s music hah.
Drink and dance . Lets go. Omg another G. Hah
Watching "The Final 1" tonight at...........................HOME! Hah! ^-^
That was just me exaggerating on the old part hah
After one whole day no internet.. Hah.. Atlast
you have no idea how irritating/annoying it is. hah
Alhamdulillah for being a good friend to me. HAH
I hope I get a chio oral examiner hah :3
Been craving for skittles the sour ones hah weird
hah whatever u say la bye shall start on maths!!
Hahaha ex sinda eng teacher fuh handsome hah
Spent my birthday sleeping. Hah. Fuck. Heading out now.
My hair getting longer & I feel so rimas. Hah
I wonder if anyone is actually interested in me hah.
Kris in Cantonese? Wow Exo not bad hah.
Can give me? ??? Who are you? Hah :) twitterurl
Lol hah suspended from work hahahahaha joke of the day
the other members judging him when he drinks, hah
Wow this annonymus thing is quite cool. Hah i'm weird
"twitterusername everyone cares when its too late" Hah yes
I wish I hve someone special. Everyday tak Planlesss. Hah
boy london logo is actual a Nazi symbol. hah noob
just on time before i leave hah yay #mailday twitterurl
Another broken record -> sis reached home before 2. Hah...
#5 hi classmate! how's school? hah hope you're doing fine! ^_^
1 hour 35 minutes more of reading time . hah
Why oyahs senyap? ??? We're "busy" at the moment. Hah twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername Hah twitterurl hiok"oink??? meow
Ah town alone makan alonr I loner ah hah
Hah, Arsenal got 1 back from the penalty spot...
torturing myself by watching food channel at this timing . Hah .
Wow my old mates faces changed ... Hah puberty ':)
Drg buat byk events tak celebrate CNY ke. Hah
i hate myself for not being attractive hah
Hah work at 11.30 yet i aint asleep.
Yesh really :) hehe. Hah? Which part you kidding only?o.O
I feel stupid for always starting conversations. Hah.
And yet ppl still go for looks eh hah
??twitterusername You call yourself a friend? Hah. Jalan sudah???
If you're a boring texter, I'm a boring texter. Hah
wld someone be nice enough to get me cookies hah
Man, thank God for the online streaming videos. Hah!!!
Bought music on itunes for the first time, hah.
all alone in the canteen hah my chest hurts fml
Hah shall sleep now. Too tired of thinking.
Some ppl really dont know the meaning bergurau hah
Hah RT twitterusername Too short to see anything
hah tdy got chauffeur to send me to sch.
hah RT twitterusername " If suju had an instagram"
Idky but I'm not looking forward to this Friday. Hah
You only find me when you need something, hah fuckyou!
Hah again well done arihan ur the best ._.
Otp with twitterusername for 2 fuckin hours .. HAH ??
Hah hah.im in the same bus as sis.
The one wearing niqab has beautiful eyes, Hah, subhanallah!!! :)
Having a good hair now y now hah
Hah, no point apologising. What are you apologising for?
Mane shoe bag mane boot hah last minute pah
Time to sleep now baby . lol okay lame hah .
fucking fuck r u talking about yourself hah
First time doing hwk in car omg so weird hah.
First time wearing my uni Qlo Brown Chinos out. Hah...
Heh. Means I edit my pic no bad hah.. ??
Gained a few kilos hah back to strict diet
Hah? Alaaa... Cannot find me then find her.
Annoying? Hah like you so perfect like that
Why this year i suddenly so active hah
I wonder if anyone understand my previous tweet hah
Fell asleep and i thought next morning already hah
surface 2 hah...dun seem like any big difference
Tired and its not even "half" hah! Jokes Sha.
Hah (????????) "twitterusername twitterusername disalamin sama twitterusername thx :v"
Why you soo cute hah _________ (fill in the blank) :p
Goodnight :x too much games tonight especially fun run hah
I'm not good enough to anybody. I know hah
erm going to clean th house at 3 hah
Yay mom allowed me. All clear to take lesen. Hah.
Hah they showed gaga's car then it blacked out.
Now, mum is ignoring me. Hah anyone else? :)
can I please get it with someone hah
Should be studying but I can't be bothered hah
& u werent mentioned at all. hah shit this. #MentionSomeoneWhoHasAPrettyFace
Now people go for looks even when choosing friends. Hah
fav if u like me . ceh . no one will . hah .
Only thing I'm looking forward is lunch hah
scrolling down timeline while i devour some fried chicken hAH
eating brownies hah but there's raisin on it :-(
now i'm feeling super awesome! HAH! TAKE THAT
I got few amount of ignored facebook chats hah
13 points. If only it was last year though. hah.
I want a best guy friend too hah
Who am i to you? Hah nobody right.
night study w this girl hah #gambarcuri lol twitterurl
you do not know how tough this is hah
Illegitimate lady. Or should I say, girl ? Hah !
??twitterusername Change my bio again hah thats me???CONFUSED CHILD !!! ????????
Ngeke at this time? Hah RT twitterusername RME*
Those lines Hah. No dresses not shorts for me.
Wtf hah i pressed the link wow yat
Single eyelid hah x @ teacher???s estate twitterurl
Chelsea and liverpool? Hah surely chelsea would win on this
If i miss you why i can't sleep hah :(
im going to bawl my eyes out hah huh hih
You make them as your first prioritise. Hah i see
I've got the weirdest dreams. But i forgot them. Hah
Plan semua lari. ALWAYS happen on my off days. HAH
my friends know how crazy i am for you . hah .
tonight meet the parents. lookin forward ah-hah!
hah finally an electrode that dun self destruct,caught ya
Words. Hah so easy of me to fall for it
I suffer alot and isn't it enough? Hah! Dammit! Argh!
Haha today I think I tweet a lot rubbish. Hah
don't know why I was being nice hah
I should do something bout this bad habit hah
Math test next week tues...... hah just kill me
lol who's celebrating valentine's day alone because i am hah
arren's good looking but he's a lil crazy hah
Freaking horny hah ?? Pretty good massage right twitterusername twitterusername  ...
Nitec, h nitec, private. Hah still fickled minded
Fucking great! Ok? Yay. Why not fucking celebrate? Hah.
Nak migrate, nak start a new life. Hah
Kesian Alex hah. They compliment Sierra & Carlito only.
And its work after school tomorrow hah whatsnew
aunty me is going to school omg HAH
I'm the only malay in this bus hah #gongxifachai
No wonder i had a bad feeling earlier today. Hah..
Watching xfactor just bc of the boys hah
Gonna start studying for quiz.  HAH good luck to me.
Whats oyah? ??? Answered this countless of times. Hah :) twitterurl
Really miss having someone special in my life. Hah
I just can't stop. Hah fml full with sin
if i take the bus ill be super late hah
who is this cheebye faggot Christian David Liu hah? twitterurl
hah two sets of paper to go fk
Tbh, i dont really knw u ??? Hah okay(?) twitterurl
Screen cracked. Racquet bend and string snapped. Hah bad day
I've only lost 4kg in the past 6 months and i still have ANOTHER 4kg i need to lose. why can't i just afford lipo-suction hah hah hah :')
I always put my heart and effort to people, friends and etc. Dog eat dog world? Hah! Been thru that shit, played better game and won. Hah!
This British couple said to me "thanks have fun! Oh wait you won't hah hah but we will!" Ha ha did ur ancestors buy Singapore with that wit.
ew you dont come to me and act nothing happened when i actually know everyth hah hah tryna act innocent huh? I see.
Haiya. Will nvr happen, forget it. K. So... Back to complaining abt my heels. Ya. The heels that i'll never get to wear till Apr/May hah hah
have a habit of farting at dan face.....and he will be like 'i love you so much' hah hah mana nak dapat laki mcm dia
Any ideas how to last longer in bed ? ??? Hah hah. Last longer? You mean like sleep? Why not try sleeping pills. twitterurl
It's been a day now and my lips are still stained hah hah the lip ink isn't joking. God it looks so weird. twitterurl
I'd prolly regret that once i get old and take the mrt........ wait no, i'll get a car then. Or a taxi hah hah
The freaky demand in the middle of the night. Wanna maicih and "kepedesen" then "keringeten" the last "huh hah huh hah" !! Daaangg
hah. but you already piss-ED the fuck out of me so u still expect me to go Smiley as fuck as if I'm not annoyed? hah
*singing singing singing and wild customer appears SUDDENLY RIGHT IN FRONT of us* "ahhh-hah-hah-hi welcome" *customer gave the O_O face sia.
Usually when I have plans, my schedule is busy. Today is a rare day where I'm free after school and i have no plans hah hah ha
Nearly dislocated twitterusername 's arm cz I was such a pussy hah hah hais. No one can call him a pussy from now on yo.
Hah, the only thing to say to get whatever I want is 'whatever Adik wants Adik gets. Then me? No.' Hah that guilty line ??????
When will you move on? You are pretty. Find someone b... ??? Hah, I don't think I can move on. Sorry! Hah, I'm not... twitterurl
Everyone's like ahhhh my GPA is horrible i got a 2-point-something. And I'm like hah hah yeaaaaa mine is a beautiful 1.18, you smart bitch.
joonmyun as tao translator but translated it in korean hah joonmyun u r a qtpie
Its okay. Just a rank . Fuck it. She's gone soon anyway. HAH.
Soon enough, i'm gonna hate texting too. And there's gonna be only left with calling Hah.
"twitterusername I should hack into Ali's account. Hah serves you right for not logging out." Don't !
My hearts beats fast..... when a dog pass by me. Hah.
#JustinMeetSihamFRIDAY when will it be my turn when someone help me? Hah whatvr ..
Cant imagine having nutella roll as a birthday cake. Hah confirm cute eh, letak candles berderet >.<
Heard someone unlocking the door and it was my father. Hah. Scared me.
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning? ??? 5 min. hah twitterurl
Hah i bet that was for me, good thing you were being honest ^.^
Hah, 'talent'. I'm sorry, but 'practice' is the word you're looking for.
Lunch tmrw with Haz after x country before gg to the cinema with HAH?????
Eh i noticed each time we talk about her confirm like putus hah what the heck
would you date a 15 year old ? ??? Urm, if his matured & taller than me? Hah. twitterurl
Swimming costume aku hilang. Omg how can u be lost! Went swimming yoself isit hah
twitterusername hah fuck android la LOL! I rather wait iPhone 5
tired being a washer but its a good thing renhao became my assistant . HAH .
and today im early to home cos i took the bus home . hah .
HAHAHAHA wth did i just tweet. I hate the word auhm. Hmpf. Irrits. Hah. K.
It's true that this song only legendary ayekaybee can perform. Hah.
??twitterusername I tried my best. You just didnt see it.??? Hah this
Wish I have someone to talked to at this hour accompanying my emotionally disturbed feelings. Hah
Ready for sch hah so early,shall leave home around 6:20.
Yeah im done with evrything. :-) off to shower later. Going for class anyways. Hah! :-)
hah ikrrrrrrr best of the best RT twitterusername twitterusername of course caramel! Hehehe
You really sick? When you did nothing and not even cherish?! Hah, fuck off la.
Someone is telling me about you. Hah told you that you can't run.
Hah! Pulling people that are not involved in. Sigh...can't stand on your own?
??twitterusername twitterusername no lah not sweet lah hah. my pleasure cute :)??? aiinnkkkk ^^
Sorry if that offended you but, I'm not sincere in apologising though. Hah!
Hah but next week im going bck johor , i want shopping
I miss having someone to be lame with. Ha ha . Hah ??
I'll just drop by mac and see who's right ok! Hah.
I'm ever a career person cause i work for money not passion. Hah.
Been drinking monster energy everyday! Sometimes 2 cans... Literally fucking myself up! Hah! But goooood...
Hah, some going back Dunearn Tmr. But I realised I have submission at 2pm ??????
Maybe one day i'll find someone like that. Hah that'd be really awesome.
Didn't show that the gangster use the weapon to slash square's back hah
Should I feel the pinch? Hah, no lah. Urm, not fr me also.
Too hungry and started gorging on the food even before I took a pic hah!
Tau takpe ???? ??twitterusername Not cool if youre drunk in camp hah!???
Taylor Swift is an Arsenal fan ? Hah, another reason to hate her .
I bet today will be a boring day.. Hah as per usual.
& I was gonna hang out with oomf Wednesday but hah nevermind.
Cool ke pe I won ??500,000 -.- Hah like I want that $$$ hmpf
Look whos talking. The pot calling the kettle black hah fucktard
That 3 girls at podium kinda friendly! Hah & cheeky. Sky garden, Bali twitterurl
Not the first time anyway .. Even if i tell people they might not even believe .. Hah ??
I have yet to call him. Hah we got unfinished business to settle.
You prefer guys who drink or club? ??? None can? Hah. Idk. Urm, drink? twitterurl
Dad was screaming at me, telling me to get out of bed hah!
Sighhhhhhhhhhhh kinda miss all that cute arguments w the one i love. Hah
I miss hearing to Beatrice Miller and Carly Rose Sonenclar Hah
wow i thot today 17 hah so it is 18 hm 4 more days
yes, i am that guy, why ??? Which guy? "Sambodi" is it? Hah twitterurl
I very bunga one hah super sensitive thanks eh ibu for passing me down this
I bet everything that happen, there's always a hikmah behind it hah
:* RT"twitterusername *blushing* "twitterusername Why you soo cute hah _________ (fill in the blank) :p""
Let's go JBS & watch soccer match wimme? Urm, soccer date? Hah kidding
"which member do aegyo the most?" "daehyun choose zelo" hah remember junhong's "ayo bbuing bbuing"
Ohhh hah, it's been a while since i last saw that sentence being used.
#40 homaigod idk you very well. *clueless* but hey, do talk ok!! Hah yeah :)
Hah, one against all, look who's with their little friends now? Run along now children!:')
To fetch or not to fetch? Hmmmmmm. Cause im feeling like a sweet girlf tdy. Hah
shut up ah ill shit in your mouth in public ;-) mua hah u annoying
Not only at home, i have problems occured in school too. Hah recently, because of someone.
"Eh move on lah" it's easier said than done man. Seriously. Hah
Meeting naz later at rk! Sorry bro i'm gonna be a lil late HAH.
clearing up the photos in my fb cos someone has been stalking me silently, hah
If you say so, everyone will definitely believe you isn???t it? Hah.
Omg im spazzing over my wallpaper its time to sleep HAH ok nights.
Ordered macd's breakfast fr my fam since everyone is hungry right now. Hah ?
Anyone nice enough to company me at work until 10.30? Hah, please ~
Hah, I don't mind Mr Tan scolding me. He's just like the rest of them.
shall sleep cuz I'm super sleepy hah okay 5 days to 4teenth hehe yayyyyyyyy
??twitterusername "I contact dgn u sorang je" hah world???fucking this
I'm actually home. Hah so awkward to be home this early and not going back out.
just realized that Iswandy knows Raqib . Hah , its just a small world
What worries you the most? ??? Not being good enough? Hah twitterurl
Last meal was lunch yesterday. Why am I not hungry sia hah.
You got time for your friends but not me. Hah. Nice.
im defeating all the other trainers. im winning all the battle. HAH my charmeleon is awesome.
hah umm this is kinda awkward my relative from kl just poked me on fb
Are you trying to hint me or smthng? Hah, approach me laa
Lol? Assuming? Hah! No time for it.. Better off doing my own things~
hah can g0 die if ppl want to know my secrets
Am i the only one who take this ???? emoji srsly? Hah lol
sometimes you just have to myob hah i dont care about you anyway
Im back motherfuckers. Hah. Playing nice is now no longer an option.
someone left me a morning text today. thanks eh. i appreciate your thoughts. Hah
followed my parents to wedding cos there's no food & its at a expensive place hah
??twitterusername Where is fierra hah ? Where where ?!???dia belajor nak apa
Happy Diwali twitterusername Definitely not on your calendar there but who cares! Hah!
"Who are you" kinda scary to watch it at night man . Hah .
hah omg lol. 11 Things Singaporeans Are Scared of: twitterurl via twitterusername
Somebody take me hunting! Hah I want to say I got to shoot a deer before
What was i doing in sec 3 . Seriously regret slacking hah
I always end up being frens with any of partners's ex gf . Hah
Happy Birthday twitterusername ^^...Here's something which isnt really mine but hah. twitterurl
get me out of here ready lah, so boring, hah eww
As dumb as it's sounds, I'm hoping for a miracle to happen. Hah.
I sneezed 20 times in a row not even kiddimg, hah.
So people on my timeline all so sleepy hah. Yeah i know cause me too!!
Apparently because the UNDHR does not "agree" with their holy & sacred & superior religion. HAH!
So where's you mr awesome and perfect guy ? Hah , he left right ? Saddening .
Why so upset on twitter now a days ? ??? me? hah where got timeee twitterurl
Do you know i dont like you ? Hah if you know thn im glad
Anyway, im excited for 2nd semester in poly but at the same time im not hah
Adik was asking me why my eyes sembab, she even asked me if i cried. Hah (':
I wish the casing was nicer. Hah. Wts am i saying.
Lupe's as dope as usual. Snow's hot & she can rap real good. Too $hort, meh. Hah!!!
going nex every single day after sch from tomorrow onwards hah
Asking me who's next is really, rude. Ask yourself, who's next in your life? Hah.
This would be something new to me. Not working on weekends. Hah
I really dislike basic boring convo..... I'll be like "errrr.... Ok. So, what's next?". Hah
How I wish I hve elder brother or sissy. Hah they can be my bff.
Feel kinda jealous looking at ppl otp w their "someone special" at this hr.... Hah sigh
Arsenal have a lot of good looking players. Hah especially giroud. Sigh
Hah they didnt allow my brother to eat the whole day yesterday woww
dad said @ 10pm lights off .. but he didnt said @ 10pm go to sleep .. HAH >:)
sleep is for da weak but sometimes its sleep is for the week hah lmao
haha what nonsense i laugh at you guys sometimes hah okay time to sleep
Fanboi give me goosebumps errhegegrhr ??? so ya saying you don't fangirl? hah...... twitterurl
no one ever needs me it's like i dont mean anything to anyone hah
Ape tu oyah name org ke ??? It's just us, a group of friends. Hah yeah :) twitterurl
have a good reason to wear my beanie the whole 5 days in beijing . hah .
Im stupid that I still want Ikhtiari back. Hah. Fucking stupid as fuck
why is everyone asking for my results when I'm the worst hah
Hah, nande-yanen!? :v Japanese pro wrestlers become anime girls for new trading card??game twitterurl
"twitterusername Wooo the song midnight memories by 1D is gonna be out soon" HAH THIS !!!
??twitterusername Joe Jackson #BlackHistoryMonth twitterurl im goin to hell for laughing hah
Hah. That's like my everyday problem. Ezlink and me don't get along well.
Imagine Minho is a prince charming and Jinki is his cute bunny maid. Hah.
No BPL due to FA Cup. Ala, cannot watch also. Hah..
Feeling completely unmotivated and reading a lecture on motivation. Hah. Nice one, Life. But no.
And who do you think you are? Runnin' 'round leaving scars hah?
"i'll be here if you need me, you can tell me"  who? Your uncle ah? Hah
Im still hope you will reply my dm. Hah. Nampak tak curious gila bab* ni
hah I woke up hoping that it was all just a dream but nah
truth is i'd rather see liverpool win the title not chelsea. never like chelsea. hah.
Family problem ... Hah i dnt think its acceptable here .. Nvrmjnd lo extra only wad ...
hah seriously,really annoying for setting the  notify when they tweet thing...
But I'm stubborn so ill still run no matter what hah
unappreciative of what u have lol just stfu man hah people are having real world problems
140413 Inkigayo road safety song - Orange Caramel incorporated cute Catallena dance moves into it! HAH! twitterurl
in the end, everybody leave. hah what do you expect in life
I ship you with ur crush! :D ??? Hah okok thanks twitterurl
Nothing quite like reading a journal article that actually blows your mind. Hah
Ha ha ha I don't even know what the teacher taught today. hah goodjob to me.
hah wow acting like i dont even exist in front of u. kkk.
hah, just fucking words. no actions. dont make promise when u cnt fulfill it fuck.
Slept in the hosp while waiting for our turn.. hah ! Nap helps alot !
Kimi and Seb gossiping to each other on the podium HAH #F1
Bet you wont even do anything hah so damn used to it
Hah. Shairy took a picture of me sleeping with my teddy bear ?? twitterurl
can't be bothered to tweet nowadays. I just keep retweeting hah.
??twitterusername Fought with your own bestfriend just because a bitch? Hah, ini semua normal??? this
so.. remember how when I told you i love you & you just.. Ok me? hah :")..
Later you angry.. Hmm yes yes :p ??? I'm not! Why must I be angry? Hah :) twitterurl
Noted. :) RT twitterusername twitterusername Dance off video x.x blue cap. hah
Hah. Ok la. Not my cup of tea. But nice pecs
Hah noo youre not! Youre being bad to me ): ??? i am. im sorry then :( twitterurl
The thought of playing boxing game can help release this anger. Hah but no.
Hah. The newly apppointed vice captain confirmed my friend request already. Hehe
Hmm I need glue/latex to make the cut look really real . Hah .
fk idk why I'm extra tired tdy despite me not having any events hah
At My sec sch now to collect my O level cert. hah.
Only had a cheeseburger for the whole day..... One meal a day. Hah you happy now?
Goonercoaster is attacking on every arsenal-match, who agree with me? Huh hah, finally 3 points!
hah slacking with my friends are seriously amazing with the moon shining above us
Tmr ordering Macs again w the rest ! Hah baikk ! Later i more gemok ! Hais
How about I bring nothing in my bag tomorrow , just a pen . HAH .
fate my ass. hah she looks like she's twice your height you know.
Ure too cute for me , but I cant own you :( you're someone's ......... ??? Hah .... ape ni .. twitterurl
It's fucking obvious that you have nothing else to say. Why must you lie? Why!!!! HAH
OMG THIS HAHAHAHAHAHA >>> RT twitterusername aqilah and fauzy is a perfect couple lol hah
Talked to Jiyun in the bus and we almost went one whole round . Hah .
Wish I got someone to otp with at this hour. Hah
starting to really absorb info about phy hah,hope its not too late
and when gi popeye nampak mr chua hah so chubby him :)
so I ended up buying my things and rolls eyes at her HAH take that bij
same aha??twitterusername Good luck to bio I'm not touch it until Wednesday hah???
Needa someone to talk to at night. I needa more vampires friends. Hah
Hah. Spending the aftrnoon here my friends' prenup!! @ UP Diliman Sunken Garden twitterurl
Pricelese reactions from my brothers when they knew about mama using a new phone. HAH
"twitterusername Shall just.. penny to school tmrw . Since I'm wear my PE attire . Hah" best (y)
NAH LO RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Lo bilang ini personal? Hah? twitterurl
My dream of becoming OLLG will never happen because I'm ugly and fat hah
off to Causeway Point, hah all black except for my slippers. :-):-):-)
you and your new bitchy behaviour its only weeks and im already tired of you hah \
Something wrong with my head, its suddenly getting sick, hah! Welcome 'vertigo'
are u gonna be home later? my dad say we going ur house later hah twitterusername
How often do you think about your future? ??? almost everyday, hah twitterurl
Practicing on actual stage and it so big. Took this opportunity to practice my growl. HAH.
So lonely. Hah walking wherever I think my class is haha
??twitterusername Sucks not having a mic for live??? u stay yelling threw the kinect hah
Forcing myself to sleep closing my eyes realllllll tight. Notification kicks in, unlocks phone. Tweet. HAH...
miss this. oh look at how I dress in the past hah twitterurl
hah kinda miss exam period in secondary school :/) goodluck ppl x
Jordan boarded the same bus as me. Hah im not alone ???
why no? i will kiss you if i see you outside. may i? hah ??? No. twitterurl
i foresee bmth concert alot of matrep & minah hah ok boleh hahaha
I think Mom is madly pissed w the stupid stepdad, hah who wouldnt?
Hew hew hew...... Shall watch tv hah so i wont fall asleep
It sucks to be the one with the lowest education among your siblings. Hah
??twitterusername Guess who's sitting next to me? Hah, lol my chinese ex.??? errrrrr...
May not be going for madrasah tomorrow. Completely no voice. Hah.
Regret? Hah why did you talk to me in the first place? ;)
I don't think u realise what u mean to me...hah not a slightest clue
Happy birthday twitterusername ! Cpt nye da 20. Hah see you ard and takecare (:
I haven't showered nor eaten nor taken medicine. Wow I'm really asking for it. Hah.
VIP table, again. For the biggest wedding I've ever seen. Hah.....
And I never shoot sia. Also can Kenna like until. Kenna whack like pin ball hah
told myself to stay strong but hah look at me. im pathetically crying again.
??twitterusername Fuck for being so friendly ! Hah k??? i know right.
Mana korang nya RVP.... I thought by now he score a goal alr. Hah
rise and shine for me, awake from nap. hah, nice feeling ever
Stop being so childish boyy. you gotta be more matured ! Sampai bila nak cengini hah ? :/
S/O to twitterusername . This my lil lil niqqa. Hah follow him.
Stop acting so childish lah boyy. you gotta be more matured ! Sampai bila nak cengini hah ? :/
remember how you always sing those sweet songs to cheer me up when I cried hah.
or maybe preview trolled me, i shall see his highscore hah!
good morning :) for the first time I'm able to wake up on time for cca HAH
Happy weekend guys, or twitterurl hah, ask the bored/fat. Go je
I just get to know there's a riot about foreigners in SG. Hah, woah.
I guess i really love uniqlo stuffs hah so comfy for me.
Hopefully there's not much hw tmrw hah cause I'm gonna reach home late :p
Ray Lewis sounds like he is freaking on marijuana or something. Hah
hah. too poor to even afford a file. what a joke.
Hah so i'm forever a loser in the eyes' of my parents.
Hah, Felly CherryBelle Punya Tatto di Kaki? twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Hah just kidding I'm not going to Macdonald's now I have Maggi mee at home
polos bginian?? hah.. i don't believe.. RT twitterusername Hahaha aku jg polos RT twitterusername (cont) twitterurl
watching fast and furious and taking a boat to i don't know where hah
my instructor is being a bitch too me, hah your sarcasm sucks and ihy
Errrkkk hot oldies? Lol but why milf,you know? ??? Idk! Hah sorry twitterurl
Hello fina.. Wanna text thru whatsapp? Hah ??? Haha, errrrr you are? twitterurl
May i know what is the website? ??? Dyou mind dm me or smth? Hah :) twitterurl
Bet half the class won't go for water rafting tmrw ah it's okay class spirit hah
blackboard on android? Nw i knw. How noob cn i get. Hah.
Hah what to do. All I can do now is to accept reality right?
Psl im weird like that take it or leave it hah
"twitterusername Forgot my charger. Hope someone in class will bring one." s3 eh hah
Life is all about moving forward. So why blame Van Persie hah? Society :)
hah rvp celebrated his goal nvr apologized not like ronaldo. hahahaha k
Home cinema ? Hah I can go over to my cousin place for home cinema
TL full w "otp w (girlfriend/boyfriend)" hah miss late night calls
any nice movie ? damn boring idk what i should do hah
??twitterusername twitterusername hah why? Takde link seh hahahaa??? because i posted that.
Well you'll never know then hah! Im off to bed, night! ??? goodnight :) twitterurl
My entire team is absent. I'm the only onw present hah yay
hah like if I really wanted to I can make you cry lmao
my mum is going to kill me if she knows im awake hah
Me & my dad is like stressing out watching this game. Hah
When will I find someone who's afraid to lose me? Hah. Impossible.
But i found a cute green sweater which i didnt bought hah :(
so far the most youngest annoying cousin eveeer hah twitterusername twitterurl
Everywhere I go, I see other pri & sec sch look nicer than my former ones. Hah...
hah...put a w1n start button there...but doesn't really help in anything man
Hah tired :') RT EgyanaFaza: But sure, you lie:) RTtwitterusername I'm fine :)
so much for helping you and this is what i get, hah fuck you
I shall not go karaoke all day again today. Let's do something else. Hah
nk tidur . nk wake up with my ws kene spam . hah .
morning to afternn. next i ll be waiting til night and then midnight? hah! hell no!
Tried to goto sleep. Ended up staring at the ceiling for 15 mins. hah.
I hope that whatever we are trying to plan now would work out. Hah
jk, hah. nothing much but the high pitching is so good.
Ok 2 chapter of biology done hah left 8 more chapter.Matilah kau nak
Or maybe...getting back into each other arms again. Hah. You are a joke
It's funny that I still think about you every single eventhough we're not talking. Hah
Tk tahu asl time pri sch panggil org civil defence abg cemas hah
"twitterusername So many hot guys at woodlands. Hah" Hot guys including me is it haha amboi
happy 11-12-13! meh actually i'm just gonna watch movies and play tekken today. hah
watched the conjuring again and im still scared of anabelle hah
Ah hah! Found one. Finding through the grass like treasure hunting. Luckily its still working. :D
Its time to sleep, goodnight everybody or should i say, goodmorning? Hah wtv bye
Message to you rudieee ??? Huh? I'm not even one lah. Hah! twitterurl
he looks like old rooney in number 8 hah but with hair!!
My prediction a win or draw tonight. By definitely a win please. Hah 2-1? #YNWA
Now i rarely having a conversation w my friends. And idont even know why . Hah.
??twitterusername If Tupac comeback this year I???ll stop smoking weed??? quit lyin bruh hah twitterurl
Hah...fix apa loy!? :P RT twitterusername twitterusername hadiruto fix ini kalo udah gede
you guys wanna know what I got for valentine's day ystd? hah
Oh wow look. the whole fam supporting my sis hah what's new
Great 3rd day today. Laugh so much and have to usee the stupid inhalor hah
pls babe ? haha kik is a chatting app ??? Who are u hah twitterurl
"twitterusername When somebody says I'm handsome/cute/hot/anything nice twitterurl twitterusername HAH like this
hah RT ??twitterusername Philophobia is the fear of being or falling in love.???
I've yet to watch BAP's new mv. Hah I'm a failed fan.
Hah this kind of person like this yan really exist on the working world
Always get ignored asking a question. That's what you call communicating and bonding meh hah
The silly things guys do when they know their gf is checking me out. Hah pussy.
What Tommy like on ig. Hah. What are you saying Tommy.
"twitterusername why I'm scared of relationships twitterurl hah! Yeah this is so true
Tshirt & jeans hah lazy feel like wearing slippers to town. Lol
Man City & Arsenal got their revenge in FA Cup last weekend. Hah...
after what i saw, i don't feel like going already hah.
Sitting in the bus where im not supposed to be sitting. Hah twitterurl
every single one of them is the same, they left for someone else hah
??twitterusername If that toyol got GPA 4.0 i wont mind hah???
Isn't it basic courtesy to say THANK YOU when someone has helped you out? Hah.
Can't sleep..nothing to do... so I watch hobbit again.. hah...
Ah hah! Thanks twitterusername good to know for future budgeting purposes!
Lol i just saw my brother's ex hah change bf again ah
Chapter 3 of fifty shades of grey now. Anastasia reminds me of myself. Hah
The guys should stop spamming ze whatsapp group hah shall just leave group annoying ass
Cant wait to see the video performance of pds team during cca carnival. Hah!
I'm now left all alone AGAIN, like that time so hah :).
Had my breakfast from just now. Hah! Lunch shall have something heavy.
Morning. It's weird to see my brother wearing cd uniform after so long. Hah
??twitterusername You're not the only one and you're not my only problem hah??? k
Hah so long never see them!!!!!! Lucky I stay near bongzz
My nose very the itchy. Gatal betol la hidung aku ni hah
I think my life is a girl. Everybody wants to fuck her. HAH!
hah, shall go ite yay ~ hwaiting lol... you university win liao lor
Hah ! Avoiding only make matters worse. And further more, I saw you hiding !! :)
Check interaction and saw 29 unknown account followed me hah whats wrong ahh.
"twitterusername twitterusername cnnt ! Later your bf mrh ." Bij im single hah
i know it's not good but hah who am i kidding you don't even know
When Alex font be textin back < lol ehhhh shes on the line of bein done hah
??twitterusername can someone suck my flu pls hah ew yucks??? SLUUUURPS *sucking*
Hah? Korea apanya dek? RT twitterusername Korea ?"twitterusername Thanks for everything what i love so much (???)??`)""
Hello my name is Siti hah ok I know you know everybody know
Toned body is the new sexy. Not skinny. Skinny for what fuck. Hah. Oops.
Today actually by right got family event. Hah. But all lazy go.
I mean I don't really mind as long as there's wifi and money hah.
and cries I spotted youngjae yawning HAH he must been pretty tired T.T
A guy called me a mat rep yesterday hah what a dumbass
I care too much. TOO MUCH that they treat me this way hah its ok
Am I hurt ? Hah idk.. I feel nothing alr. I mean numbed you know.
Me & twitterusername need to go buy some snowboarding gear. everything is on saleeee. Hah
'love letter" from ite da arrive eh frens? Shall check mine soon . HAH
I really find the southern/texas/redneck accent funny! Long live cowboys yeeeee hah!
My friend actually thought Oussama was my boyfriend. Hah, that's cute.
Maybe I should stop getting high and eat my fish & chips now. Hah.
No idea why people always call me that whenever i never do such thing before hah
It's really cool that there's a bible in every hotel room at RWS. Hah. twitterurl
Well now its clear to me why i got an e8 for f&n hah
the abang from the kedai just asked me to sing hah
Its either i waste my money on food or phone casings hah
lol have it your way. you got what you wanted in the end what hah
"Not everyone NEED you, they just WANT you" HAH TRUE MUCH LUL
I'll sleep for 2 hours. And see If they're gonna camp overnight for tmr. Hah.
Do you have a crush with my bestfriend?? Eppp... Hahaha ^^... ??? Hah ? ur bestf ? who ? o.O twitterurl
Wah so sweet hah. Thanks charming ;) RT??twitterusername twitterusername A qtpie girl :)???
i'm dead beat, my thoughts have been running wild all day. and i blame you. hah.
happy birthday pretty eyes! hah twitterusername have a blast! See ya arnd :-)
Shall try to be all girly one day when i go out... Hah
lol you know yourself why we're like this hah kk tc
They always said i'm strong. Hah bullshits. I'm not. I'm not at all!
See see see! She's found new boyfie already! Hah serve you right manusia!
Crazy how youre saying the words im suppose to say to you. Hah
But it's not a big deal whether im there or not hah.
World is big right? But we will meet each other one day, I don't know hah.
Raiyan and his trekking HAH you can trek the whole of Singapore sia twitterusername
How much is it if I were to take a cab home from here hah
holding an Umbrella but still im walking in the rain.  HAh me!
gonna do some exercises. been like three days since i do hah
Double boiling w/o mom, now...... hopefully i dont burn the choc HAH
Hah op kos RT twitterusername Did you guys enjoyed the mermaid video ? HAHAHAHAHA
I wanna go out but at the same time I don't wanna go out. Hah contradicting
"twitterusername Need a god damn fking slipper" Hah! Eat shit la baby!
Yat Kin :DDDD Now in another role still so hah I dunno what to say
Didn't eat anything cause I'm too lazy to go and grab the food hah
My followings are awesome people, my followers? Hah awesomerr CHEH k hahaha
to work in a bank? The thought of handling money just.....scares me, HAH
Oh yeah bitch? Talking about yourself? So your thousands of followers will back you up? Hah
Relatable tweets every single night & now, i get emotionally disturbed. Hah shit
"twitterusername twitterusername errr. nvr heard of typo? hah" tau la hahaha
"twitterusername twitterusername you'll be fine till your wedding hah" hmm... twitterusername ;) <3
Have you ever wondered if your soulmate could be one of your follower/following? Hah.
Hahaha thank you ?? ??twitterusername I just tink Ammar have the cute smile :3 Hah okaaay (;???
Any tattoos do you want? Yeah right in my boob :) Hah'
Hah retarded me saying those things like a tweetfamous lol who cares anyway
Hah, see a girl walk alone only must disturb. Okay morons.
Early morning.. Hah. That's the worst part. Not forgetting that you've also spoiled my morning. ??
Hah. Just a loser. beh marah coz i agrue with you?
I hope to woke up to a good morning text. Hah, impossible. Sigh! Goodnight, x
Friday tomorrow. Shall nua in library or something~ dont feel like going home early hah
I can't believe that I've been single fr 2yrs 3months. Hah :)
Macam nak record video but we're in uniform. So, cannot! Hah
hah. just knew you will say something about bt also. I can foresee it.
Done printing out the pictures for my sister. Got lucky the shop was opened todayyy hah
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername Hah twitterurl hiok"oink??? meow"quack??? Moo
Hah. RT twitterusername Which are the best paid jobs in Singapore? Clue, not journalism. #boo twitterurl
Sorry lor . ??? No specific person. Just a few I find cute hah twitterurl
came to work with only one crew. wow tc eh kite hah
Why youh ar so annoying . Hah k ??? why ur typing so chronic ah twitterurl
Deserve the world? Hah more like deserve to be hurt uh
I wish I have someone to otp w at night. Hah I'm so bored rn
Still i don't have confidence in muself despite all those training im always scared hah pussy
I was so foolish to find it out. Hahaha. I could have just.. hah forget it
"twitterusername "twitterusername Starting to hate everyone hah" me ?!" Yes you too bitchavzcbzjKaoka
What is the most heroic thing you???ve ever done? ??? Hah banyak lek twitterurl
Hah yeah call me dumb. But to think back, I've no rights to be mad.
Is ep 12 outttt . Hah . Sometimes , I just feel so sad for choiyoungdo .
Felt like giving up on colour pencil. Hah. Same feeling when I started graphite.
Using ios 7 for the first time ever yes i finally updated my phone hah
Hah! Gayyyyyyy RT twitterusername Zlatan Ibrahimovic in bikini, WTF!! didn't expect this from him, ... twitterurl
Boring or what. Hah wish I hve someone to talk too at night zzz
Hah. Whatever bad things you said about him back then, you are doing it right now.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - International Trailer - Official: twitterurl via twitterusername HAH,Shocker and Green Goblin
Out of my league. Too handsome I think he hve a gf alr. Hah bleargh
the guy twitcon wear blue shirt eh ??? His twitcon, full body! Hah. :) twitterurl
How do you usually start a conversation? ??? "Hello :)", hah yup :) twitterurl
Kinda miss someone deliver me food, meds, fruits when I'm sick..... Hah sigh
hah . it's really " nice " to know that i mean nothing to you now .
Fierce. Kau nye clan ah fierce... ??? Lol, it's not even a clan. Hah -.- twitterurl
really envy my friend's relationship, 3yrs tgt & another one, 7yrs. hah & there's me...
What have you been thinking about lately? ??? My life. Hah twitterurl
Done watching the vids "they think it's India ah". Hah so scary
i dm you (: ??? Alright, dm me whoever you are! Hah :) twitterurl
Be a rude girl! ??? I wish! Hah but nah, it's ok. :) thanks though! twitterurl
Did you went to azzura? I didn't see you. ??? Nope! Hah, I neh party anymore. :) twitterurl
Just another fish in the pond hah i want to catch a mermaid one day
You seem happy right now (: ??? Oh, looks is deceiving. Hah :') twitterurl
chill la guys game over alrdy hah rilek brother rilek brother rilek
Was that an emotional tweet coming from aida? Hahahhahaha haha hahaha ha hah
Why are you so cranky? I can see that from your tweets. ??? Hah, PMS! twitterurl
Tdy also ur bdae huh? twitterusername Hah happybdae yo!! :-) Dun so cold leh. Have a blast!
Hah screw you fucktard. Some kind of fucking "friend" you are.
hah! RT twitterusername Vanilla is the most popular ice cream flavor.
im gonna be like last time hah i think its so much better
now at lawang, pit stop eat 1 more hr to Malang hah thank god for wifi!!!!
someone told me tht i not need to understand mens attitude hah
Hah. Well whaddya know, I was 20 mins early at work. *flips hair*
I miss watching football game w someone special..... Hah I miss that a lot
This Ridwan ... reminds me of Bas ! Hah !! But his face like Farhan lol
no one whatsapp me so i think i don't encounter any problems with it hah
The pouch, hah will be using it for my attachment hehe
I was just too stubborn to not want to believe it. Hah, good job zaimah.
Truth be told I miss you , truth be told I am lying hah
of all days im rlly tired today and school ends late hah so fantastic
hah its raining suck it annoying screaming children at the pool ??
hah RT twitterusername Sobs! RT twitterusername Cries RT twitterusername twitterurl SCREAMING HELLOW WONKYU
??twitterusername I wonder if anyone have a crush on me hah k no??? ME
"Why are you asking and answering your own Qs " HAH BURN.
Oh no, you can't compare backstreet boys/Westlife with one direction/ the wanted. Hah
Good luck to the both of us with dealing with each other's ego. HAH
Heading out in a few for like the 2738392 times hah
Been listening to blessthefall's hollow bodies album for a fortnight already hah
My teacher knows that im not interested in sch anym hah
Hah i'll make sure one day you lose a daughter uh
time slows down when u r not having fun hah hahh haah
Phone's been quiet and mundane but im getting used to this, hah
This is not the first time. When have you spared a thought for me hah none.
Hah ? Tau dr mana lu ? "twitterusername twitterusername Green house names is Lucky."
Photo: Please don???t get sick of my face HAH twitterurl
And worst........seeing her own mother on the bed with a guy. Hah stupid,
??twitterusername Singapore I hear you. #believetour??? ofcourse if not you're deaf lol hah kidd bro
Blur but it'd be a good shot if it wasn't so blur. Hah twitterurl
I'm like the only one trying to create a conversation. Hah.
bought hell lots of food, no mood to eat hah great
I dont know why but i dont fancy cat under exotic breed type. Muke selepek. Hah
how can i not be fucked up when everyone around me is hah
Hah! I can't believe I'm talking about One Piece with Salihin. Especially after what happened yesterday????
Eppp! Primary 5 also know how to ewah ewah! Hah! :D #QifaPrimary #campfire twitterurl
I was expecting bayern to thrashed man united. But, hah nvm then.
"twitterusername RT twitterusername hah haha my fart stinks. FART ROBOT APPROVES." SHAAAANK YOU
.....okay I thought I am thr only one who is dying hah
"twitterusername twitterusername hahahaha yeah legend" hehe thabks for wishing! Hah see u ard!
??twitterusername hah why would you like me anyway? im fat, ugly and annoying. i know.???
Sis chose floorball for her CCA. Hah, not bad for her...
our class advisor is in charge of year 2 students? HAH.
"twitterusername A BIG EEEEW FOR YOU. Ooops did i go to far lols hah" ASAL
And for you, im useless dont you? Hah, ya yes you wont care.
Hahaha gonna take a video tmr. Gonna be fun! I think HAH
"twitterusername owhbyez ??twitterusername yay after work dating xx???" o.o whats tht....hah.
Maigodddd my ezlink card bengkok hahaissss cannot put behind my gluteus maximas anymore...... Hah k
damn gaga was online when i'm still sleeping. hah what's new?
#Jiaobin hah.?? Bored uh, working now!!! This is taken in the morning btw. twitterurl
I still remembered the day you went on your knees at esplanade. Hah (':
Everyone said boys? Does your mom know you're a faggot? Hah.
??twitterusername I just. I'm dead ??????? hello?! What's all this Cupid thingy hah u don't mcm2.
Valentines day tmr? Hah! Im dating hmwks, pillows, bolster and my bed :')
that top comment so much. how to not love him hah ? 130209 ???? ??? ?? ??? _ ????: twitterurl via twitterusername
Hah cebok RT twitterusername BOK RT twitterusername Banuitn gue nape !! Besok bm OFF yeu (?_?? )/||"
Since none reply my text . I wont be studying today. Hah.
Hah! Thinking abt it, im just no good for no one.
Okayy anw, tonight's game GGMU uh! RT twitterusername twitterusername Oh okay . See you soon . Hah :)
Class photo taking tomorrow and 3/7 is the last class to take hah
Hah cebok, jorok lo RT twitterusername LEBOK RT"twitterusername Mulai lemot !!!! EXIT"
K. Gonna jog again tonight. Hah. Used to drink and drink. Now jog and jog. Great!
hah:|?RT twitterusername Oke done :) follow twitterusername juga ya hhe "Anvlhp: twitterusername followback do
Where is the funniest place you have ever fallen asleep? ??? coffeeshop? hah, none actually. twitterurl
Can you come rape me? I have a fine ass~ ;) Haha JK. ??? wtf hah twitterurl
Its been a long time since I felt this way hah
??twitterusername It's sad isn't it? This is how I'm feeling right now. ?? twitterurl hah.
Hah my bro keep eating my fried chicken cos it's just too nice :b
You are just pathetic , thats all i can say for you . Hah ??
Who wants a girl who eats and play video games all day? Hah I get it ??
Okay okay bye. Love well love everyone okay bye night HAH :3 .
Fought with your own bestfriend just because a bitch? Hah, ini semua normal
hah, that is something new n unusual for one to actually know im mixed blooded.
Hah ! Finally Made weight or PSK ! But I've got to maintain it for 2 weeks ??
Azim sia. Living life like artist. Hmm. RT twitterusername twitterusername living life hah
What is your favorite make of car? ??? car? hah dontknw? twitterurl
Shy or arrogant? Hah ! 100 days with mr.arrogant hahaha :p twitterurl
Hah so smart but giving stupid comments just makes you an idiot bitch
Done with the slides. Did anyhow. I don't know what I did. Hah!
I finally bumped into my action adek, anak rasit yesterday at NP. Hah.
i have this feeling tht it wont be the same anymore. hah. true what
This faci is young at heart. HAH she likes to ah ah ah ah .
The nonya pick up her FON and goes.. LOUDLY! "HAH? Sh? mor??"
Damn hungry. "Anyone wants to feed me?" Even my mom no longer feeds me. HAH.
hah, trust issues acting up again. thanks for being two faced my dear 'friends'.
I feel like wearing swiss uniform and go to swiss tmr. Hah!
Biartakcon RT twitterusername ncoreeh RT gabrielgumantar: Hah? RT twitterusername RT jefrykalvin: finally home and totally tired!
Yayyyy! Cheng en, Amy and Hong How in my english class. Hah!
And the one with niqab has a pair of beautiful eyes. Hah, subhanallah!!! :)
How do you know what I tweet when you aren't following me? Hah
you probably found someone else alr hah who am i kidding
I'm never a career person cause i work for money not passion. Hah.
No text No call. Where are you hah AMIRULL EZYWAN SUPAAT? . Hmm
Fat kid on the bus drinking slurpy and knocking into everyone. HAH!
Hah i'll be busy today after school till 2am. Sigh. No-life-weekends.
If I got a boyfriend, forever ada plans. It doesn't matter weekdays or weekends. Hah seriously
hah that's a fucking lie. that is everything you are NOT.
Hah looking at my old photos ?? omg what was i thinking
Hah , not gonna fucking go to school today. FUCK IT IDGAF ANYMORE.
Everyone's watching star awards while I'm on YouTube watching vat19 ads hah
U too damn silly! RT twitterusername twitterusername hah??????????I swear I couldn't take that tweet serious
I think i have a nice sweetie voice tu psl an rindu hah k kidding
Hah nmpk sah try to angkat and start a convo twitterurl
Because one day i'm sure we will all know the truth. Hah :)
Doing amath when I'm not even half done with ss. Hah
You acted like you got nothing to lose. Hah. Fuck you.
Someone who i USE to know comment kt gmbr 'meet you alls soon alright?' Hah??
Put a persian next to a local cat, who'd you pay more attention to. Hah.
wah seh mr tan and ms renu go home together hah, not bad not bad :P ??
Everyone at zouk now while me....... Laying down on my bed, tweeting. Hah
Have yet to take my BTT. Hah, no time sia with archi all :(
fuck art hah i did only half of third piece and the first piece
What fuckery is that? HAH, my toes are laughing lah pls kay.
??twitterusername twitterusername which month ? I graduate next year april lah .??? I guess january 2015.. Hah
Hah, memories of kayaking last year coming back. Damn fun and man, i miss the instructor.
& thn camwhore w jon using hy ipad when he bathe HAH
My last meal ever was Friday, 9PM. And I haven't eat anything yet hah.
HAH! I jumped into this bandwagon ;) come ask me anything twitterurl
I kinda miss dating. Hah & I can't believe I'm staying this.
now all the shit you've done drops down on you hah fk u
Omgggg its raining here and we're just being unproductive in Starbucks hah
Woah chill guys. Why suddenly wanna whatsapp me back? Confirm nak mintak tolong . Hah mnl
I foresee both of them will be at Manchester City next season. Hah!!!
Ole 3 seems really fun but without e2 hah my life idk
WOOOHOOO! Atleast someone from ITE SIMEI said i'm A NICE GUY! HAH!
I don't even think you know I'm hurting hah oh well
Wish all of them could read all that. Hah. And stop complaining so much.
gonna go back to sleep! hah cleaning the hse can wait haha!
Teaching my pc malay but im not good at it aswell. HAH!
Don't fucking disturb me while I'm working on my fucking assignments, you fuckers. Hah!
??twitterusername Justin Bieber or a Calvin Klein model? Hah. twitterurl bontot cantik mm hm
may Allah ease this problem hais the same problem je!!!!!!!!!!! idk what to feel anymore hah
ok all that come from this movie hah sorry if it was rude & disturbing
I ran away after exo lol no wonder never see monkey hun HAH
I don't know what grudges you have against me. Hah fucker
Wish we could talk longer but sighaish... You're gonna sleep soon anyway. Hah
Alamak, shit la. Not counted. Hah, both teams got disallowed goals...
Hahah, anywhere and anytime :) When you want ? :) ??? But you can dance? Hah :) twitterurl
Remember what you did to me before? Hah, im laughing at you now.
Hah I wish RT twitterusername Due to tonight's lack of sleep, tomorrow is canceled.
You told me not to, but you yourself do it. Hah k
shall take a 20 mins nap here on the table hah
6 hours of dance training and practice today. Hah. Not so TGIF k.
hah my contact fell out when i was putting mascara on :(
lol this must be one of the shittest artwork i've ever done hah.
it's been a long time since go for a jog hah
92 days to jan 5 , 2 years?? what a waste , hah ...
But i tot they say they wanna sent home 50,000 philipines? Hah
Try just only 3 spins in ballet without going outta line. Hah. Dat core be tight. \
how can you not msg me when youre awake . Hah great job
And im happy for da first time jolie nvr calls me annoying hah
got B3 for DnT hah friggin CA2 pull me down ugh
Running nose. Coughing. Sorethroat. Err can it get any better? Hah
break time. done within 10 mins so what do i do for the next 50...... hah
3 chapt in a day is good enough. At least for someone like me. Hah
hah.. my stomach will turns to one pack soon..hmm.. i hate sem break now.. =_=
oups sorry didnt see you answered the qn already hah ??? it's okay :-) twitterurl
Oyah makin maju. Gua respect! ??? It's a good thing or no? Hah. Thanks :) twitterurl
I can see that man utd players seems a lil bit pressure. Hah
Me & my dad arguing about us being 2nd place & dad said we're still 4th. Hah degil
Hah RT twitterusername twitterusername So, after having monday blues, there's the monday emo
the weather is just perfect but from timing hah morning y'all
Hah? RT twitterusername The Beatles' classic song Yesterday was originally titled "Scrambled Eggs."
Friends. Hah. "Someone to look for when I need someone" you mean?
Tmr my abg sedara tunang & I'm excited...... To see his guyfriends. HAH just kiddz
Wht do you want from me hah ?eee *middle finger emoji*
I don't want my husband to be like her husband. Hah so freaking lazy zzz
Can somebody spam my phone at 3:45? Hah. I wanna watch the game.
HAH fuck u luh.  I am not tht dumb u know.
At Timezonee now hehehe , playing liie crazy now with Charlieeee hah .
Shall settle things first then i'll go to sleep... hah! Doing PPT for tomorrow lesson. Hahahaha!
Hah! Blocked goh wancheng see how she spy me now muahahahah
i have the worst hairdo today hah stupid hair stupid bun
In 39 now. Shall see whether tamp route or pasir ris route is faster, Hah
Don worri abg i will tuntut my pink remote control hah
I've got a feeling arsenal will not give chance against liverpool. Hah
my destiny? hah fuck, i wanna be like other kids too
Where's my long lost emo friend haha~ Hah she's not here. The Jiwang'ers
Girl, don't be a pussy. Why the privatizing all of a sudden? Hah.
Yela . Free je aku start jd gamers blek hah "twitterusername twitterusername hahahaha free rm50 ea"
Which movie do you think is overrated? ??? Battle of the year! Hah :) twitterurl
Overslept for the re-test. Yup, I can definitely see myself with a bright future hah
a blog post a day keeps the feelings away. or maybe not hah. goodnight.
a guy bringing floating heartshaped balloons into a bus ... HAH! #respect
"Find someone new, you'll forget about him" how sure are you? Hah
baking  brownies at this hour without proper equiemts is pretty challenging but who cares. hah!
??twitterusername Should kept Flanagan on and took Johnson off for Kelly??? exactly! Hah
Hah! Just done settling the calendar.. now working on WEH support for "Still You" heheheheee ???33
she says that cos she is one of them .. HAH! girl pls :P
??twitterusername Rowan Atkinson with a young Christian Bale. twitterurl HAH! Chronic
Love bite on my stomach HAH joking it's another wound from my accident ya twitterurl
someone's testing me again and i cant be bothered. sayang nye pasal, telan jelah. HAH
??twitterusername A quick look at Everton's highlights for tonight twitterurl that everton's hot chick. Hah
And I'm really surprised how seeing me affects you so much. HAH. Gay.
''Singapore is the top expensive country in the world'' hah no shit
Have you ever got into trouble with the police? ??? Hah. No. Hopefully not yet. twitterurl
So used to be in camp and not taking pictures and posting pictures outside alrd hah ...
pretty pretty ??? hah haha ha... yes you are dear, you are. twitterurl
lol im the one who is always at fault anyways hah no point of fighting back
Orange Caramel these 4-dimensional girls shouting HAH! differently again 140411 Catallena twitterurl
Exact-fucking-ly. I bet everyone don't feel their age. Hah
hah lol at you all. don't regret if i run away from home
My eyes is closing any time sooner.. but im download movies now. Pls download faster, hah.
why do I feel like someone is attempting to hijack our contract Hah ah ahhah ahahaha
Hah. She look like a cute little monkey here. #adorable #cute #pretty #beautiful #darling #precious?? twitterurl
You want get hit from me hah ?? Just wait for my pdl license la pundeh .
Friday is results day hah............ Not looking looking forward to it actually
Irfan from your class likes you ??? Ya i know hah twitterurl
Sit back. Chill. Add some thought to that vine. "It's stupid as FUCK." Hah girl.
Listening to the whole list of songs given. That is so unlikely me~ Hah
Hah tak jadi g waterfromt bawah block now w them boys
Hah , I'm not a freaking human . I have no emotions and feelings ?
hah, just fucking words. no actions. dont make promise when u cnt full it fuck.
By the way gemorning Farah Dina. Nice sleep or doesn't sleep at all hah ? :)
Hah I've got no comments to most of my secondary schoolmate girls.. Ape nak jadi ~
Prev rt. HAH so strangers, ya knw my name not my story k. _|_
I feel like cutting my hair, but then I wanna have long hair also. How? Hah ??
Now I know why everyone's treating you like shit. Hah I'm the next one. Bitch
okay. shall finish my Idol Star Olympic then start with my d&t... hah
ask.fm was long time ago hah but some just discover it now lol
Do you think shes the one for you? ??? No idea. hah twitterurl
So thats how you work just go around like that hah whatsnew la all these
lol ardd "twitterusername Im never on here but twitterusername get on for me hah (:"
Hah my friend today never go school already,on holiday liao. No fair
Future boyfriend, I prefer you addressed me as princess instead of baby & all. Hah sorry
I know of an "exercise' which is easy..... BUT, too bad its wrong and illegal. HAH
I won't admit who am I! Hehe :p ??? Why? Do I know you? Hah :) twitterurl
This is a strong feeling. Your see me buey song. Hah. Come at me
I can't be the only one who use app instead of unfollow.me right ? Hah .
Mcm nak rembat western stall sebla if that stall is closed. Disappointed gile babs nye hah
exo wearing masks and stuff to the concert hah they can still recognise you
10 mins of workouts ... and im already sweating like a pig ! Hah ! #fatalert
If river monster dont hv cip points, hah confirm i dont want to go.
You really cant see me being happy hah. Forever making me this way
??twitterusername twitterusername hahaha! Go and try lor. Hah??? thats why hahaha plus its an olympic sport!!!!! ??????
Been a long time i last woke up at this hour. Hah
Why why? Ohh because you got ur own standard?? Hah. Bitch. ????????
Cos my happiness dont matter. Nobody cared. Fuck this shit!! Nigga aint stopping me. Noo. Hah!
"twitterusername twitterusername bitch hah okay )':" kk tmrw we work togther k? Love you qtpie!
Forever? Hah. I bet to you it's only for one day. Or probably less than that.
My class is spamming the group! Hah! Didnt reply im sucha lazy texter.
Lol why am i being so emo sia hah ok shall tuck in 6secs.....
alright goodnight. and I'm not going for the parent talk tmrw hah ok bye
lool. when brayden tries arguing with me about my favourite hockey team. #iwin #hah <3
Hah, step raver rbk. BADAN DA MCM BABI bodoh pey opera.
Oh yeah, got twitterusername a history TYS book for his damn belated birthday HAH.
Everyone going town & here I am frm town, going to cousin crib. Hah
Hah, I'm still not cut out for these sort of things.
And people wonder why I don't mix with Chinese often. Hah #catouttathebag
Had to sacrifice half of my face for Mr Jay... But it's okay! Hah twitterusername twitterurl
being w you for so long, I've never & I mean never seen you like this hah..
When using hairbands is too mainstream, you use aluminium foil to tie your hair. HAH EPIC
Anyway awesome day with the Team!! Hah glad I joined this CCA
Uke night hah I've never tasted freedom like this in a long time
You forgot yr friends alr lol thanks for all yr "support" all these while HAH
She's cute hah. Crap i like my conductor too. Sorta well actually not really
I don't know why I hate people calling me kesian. ugh hah
twitterurl check the whole video out see what you think and then the... ??? Hah okay! twitterurl
Hah so many homeworks can I not do and get away with it again
Dont be too insecure ? Hah , youre making me laugh in the ass ??
Dk wht to wear w this hideous hair of mine hah
Then? ohh ok~ twitterusername twitterusername why u so many haters hah ? pity you :)
Hah, what the fuck did I saw just now. Whatever, your life.
??twitterusername twitterusername since today???actually no one month already hah XD hahahahah
??twitterusername "twitterusername I'm deleting my vine after this twitterurl NOOOO he panicked hah
Sun with kids: twitterurl via twitterusername - prolly how sun will be like as a mommy, hah.
Aida in the process of becoming wise and knowledgable. Hah. @ 863 Tampines Ave 5 twitterurl
Let's see if you're gonna text me later just like you said in the morning. Hah
aw kakak wants to go to the Justin believe concert so bad aw kesian kau hah
Hah, you know the best nasi goreng aka (fried rice aka flie lise) comes from sg
ill definitemisfires today hah it's okay there's more to come for me hm maybe soon?
hair growing longer but i just shove it to the side . hah .
And C for MPC, ah who give a fuxk about that. Hah.
I feel like going out but theres nowhere to go and im alone hah loser
I miss the petty arguments or just simply being lazy with each other. Hah
Super unexpected but gah you cutie I regretted not but hah
Idc if I'm fat ok. At least someone loves me. Hah ~
cat was trying to walk over keyboard but he was distracted hah. good.
Then it's left lor hahaha RT twitterusername If I'm early,something's not right. Hah!
hah! take that ! today, i am gonna do a running man marathon from episode 145 - 147 !
scratch what I say about sleeping im not gonna sleep hah
And speaking about mcd, afternoon shift for my saturday tmrw, hah rindu drive thru plssss
Giroud also kena straight red. Hah, now it's 10 a-side...
Hah ! The sun is talking shit about twitterusername . Always a scum #DontBuyTheSun
That new guy stays at jurong east. Hah I thought east side.
All wear so nice today and i am just................me. HAH.
Feel so striking today. Probably because my outfit is like bright RED. Hah! Oh wells???? ><
??twitterusername twitterusername let me be the world to u.. hahj??? hah no
Do you have any crush/boyfriend? ??? none . nobody realise me . hah . twitterurl
You just see my bad side dude :) you know my name not my story. Hah gituuuuu
Friends you share your story with?? ??? Mostly Syirin Afiqah Farisya Aaron Faadhil and haikal hah... twitterurl
I should sleep early tonight like what you said hah ok
I don't wanna contact anybody. Hah sick & tired of the same shit
It's only the first day & i'm struggling. I'm definitely going to have a bright future. Hah
What do you want to know about the future? ??? About my life? Hah :) twitterurl
Hah ya know the confession, lovey dovey shits, calling each other cute names, surprises & stuff. Sigh
If everyday like this, i wont mind doing drive thru. HAH
Going to talk my mum into letting Kak Azizah have Pixie instead of Cik Lek. Hah.
??twitterusername I mean am i tht easy t forget hah oh fuck???
Even pandas have someone special. Sigh I feel likka loser now. Hah twitterurl
feel like baking cakes but no onr at home would eat it. HAH
Navy ship is so big and cool! Bed, toilet everything hah I'm having a cruise ?? twitterurl
cuz baby you're a firework! mwah mwah <3 ??? Hah? Who is this? Hahaha. twitterurl
Hah can never choose between channing tatum or zac youre killin me arent you
If I were to be manja, I'd be really jealous looking at em both. Hah
I just rmbr. Ive yet to complete my assign. Then still cn enjoy gg out. Hah.
3 Days off next week. Wah so many new staff also. Hah twitterurl
Watching MAMA at this time when I should be studying. HAH! #WhatIsTermTests ><
lets have sex,beautiful ??? oh hi lol woah chill hah you are? twitterurl
the Muslims in Malaysia have begun to taunt the Christians. HAH. that's your tolerance right there.
My phone is draining while charging,hah thats what i get for throwing my phone around.
Bloody cold. Still revising history cos I napped. Hah. What's new.
hah how pathetic. buying things for me because they want to buy for him as well.
I feel awkz if i wear pants and everyone else wears skirt/dress hah
OHHHH look who's in my drawing class. Its Ms Ang. Hah.
OHHHH look who's in MY character drawing class. Its Ms Ang. Hah.
Ive been concentrating too much in this book hah chapter 31.
seeing heechul sing his solo im like " wow hes REALLY REALLLLLLYYY back " HAH
This is what I hate. I get lost when I'm alone hah.
and you call yourself a friend? hah youre so funny that i forgot to laugh
Messed up hair, work pants, slippers, bag and jersey hah idgaf
Would u date a North Indian Guy? ??? Errrrr maybe? I'm not sure. Hah :) twitterurl
What u do durin free time????? ??? Lepak at home, watch movie. Hah :) twitterurl
Why not spend some $$ buying fifa UT gold packs instead. Hah.
If you really love me you would make an effort to talk to me. Hah ~
tho that's a sick way to scare someone like HAH LOOK AT THIS CYBORG CAT BITCH
if only i can predict what's going to happen next hah
He dont understand what i'm actually asking i guess. Hah nevermind ah nights.
Offering someone something and hoping they would say no hah so me
Hah what a great day to get hot cooking oil on your palm...
any girl caught your eye recently? ??? Yes but I'm not revealing hah twitterurl
Bila ajak keluar either my friends partying, broke or lazy. Yes hah
For a second I forgot that I have twin siblings. Hah.
there's last seen on telegram? hah forget about downloading that app.
well fuck it. even if you were, it won't exactly be me hah sucks
Bored to the extent that I'm playing Blackshot again after so long hah
How often do you draw? ??? Hah good qn ;) quite often ! twitterurl
They don't allow me to smoke for afters. Might as well I don't go. Hah.
tbh I want everything to go my way if not I won't be happy hah .
i'm not gonna fall for anyone for now cause that feeling really sucks hah.
Poor jack wanna party then got rejected at attica. Oh wells, whats new aint it? Hah.
$50 void deck wedding? Hah. Some of us can actually afford $180 breakfast meals yknow.
wait is it or is it not? look a bit like leh. hah twitterusername
Well school ends at 12 tmrw.. then i'mma eat lunch alone until 5. HAH #ForeverAlone
Hah. So mendak in the bus. Batt dying. Just fuck you and fuck you all
so you chose not to reply me hah ok thats cool
Time for me to make a move hah to hell with you goodbye
if I were rich I would quit school and just chase after famous people . hah jk .
the word "hah" mcm sarcastic gila macam 'nope u annoying fuck off u annoying'
Almost all people inside this train are asleep. Haha. Workaholic singaporean? Hah. Too hectic i guess.
How important is money to you? ??? Very important! Especially when you live in Singapore. Hah :) twitterurl
Describe your life in five words? ??? Pretty amazing I guess hah twitterurl
anddddd the classroom deco isn't done yet bc nobody cares hah
once again i feel like i forgot to bring something hah
you didn't even follow those private insta right ? ??? Whatya mean? I'm blank. Hah! twitterurl
feel like crying sia listening to that song hah nvm let it all out
Removing a lot of my "favorites" tweets cuz of the current situation! Hah bye bitch.
because im that guy who dares to chew chewing gum anywhere hah!
i think i need a haircut but... hah there must always be a but
Tonight i feel like watching movie till i fall asleep hah no lyfe
Off to Ubin. HAH kidding I'm on my way to kranji from yew tee
Cieee,ciee,ciee Inun ??? hah? cie, cie itu siapa haha twitterurl
Hah i thought so. Should just chill alone somewhere where no one an see me
i have the urge of dyeing my hair AGAIN but this time it's black colour hah
hah eating on the bus and I'm killing everyone bcos my hash brown smellin so good
"twitterusername Engineer's can prove anything . 5=9 twitterurl hah thumbs up
Okay i am regretting skipping Rumba hah hah gonna be the only noob next week. No refunds, no make up classes cz the school so S T I N G Y .
I was falling asleep during math today hah no surprise I'm gonna fail in today's test. :33
Letting him have his own "karaoke session" on the phone. HAH dah ngantok tu pegi tido lah please
Oh wow! Primary school kid having a beats headphone and ipad.. me? hah just one small smart phone ! spoilt brats !
I really hope i could go to the #HotBreakfastBBQParty tomorrow. The probability of me getting chosen is 0.00000000005%. Hah ??
Cant wait for march holiday going bck malaysia ! Gonna go shopping . My nenek want buy me skate shoe hah :)
hah everybody can guess that i like you, i can now hide in a hole of shame ok bye
this is why i hate being talkative or friendly. ppl wrong use on it. hah bye la weh
??twitterusername twitterusername oh I work at MBS uh. Haha waaa celebrity restaurant seyy????? you saw me before is it? Hah! ??
Watching bad girls club reminds me of the day i got drunk almost like every party! Hah. Not anymore.
Some fucker waste my time just now sial hah. Look for you guys is like looking for kittens .
Consequently, my ideals & expectations are far too high. But in reality, nobody's ever made me feel like that. Hah
They ajak play soccer later hah mcm mane with my muscle tear takpaya je la but the urgee....
Hah.. I remember years ago i said something and it came true.. But then the grass was never greener...
Haha fucking stubborn what she hah nvr one laa. This type of puki must feel karma soon haha twitterusername
No offence but some fitness boys always nak step sachok depan business students since we're of the same block. HAH
Sigh.. It's not meant to be. Oh well, least title would most prob be ours though.. Hah
Chey mcm phm la lol the only country I've been to overseas is Malaysia. Only Malaysia truly Asia hah
everytime i wear my 9five, it rains. Fucked up.. The weather dont like me looking good. Hah!
Tknk ! Haha ! U will know me soon maybe ? HAH ! Okey2 . Takecare too !... ??? action nye adoi hahaha alright then! ^^ twitterurl
1306 hello short boy HAH stop calling me big mouth man it's not that big alright see you around :D
And all the happy memories came crashing back but no, I don't do those breakdown shit anymore hah
Hah, time to take advantage of my handicapness and ask my classmates to get food for me muahahaha
What a small world hah i'm not surprised and just so you know its none of your business babe
Hah wtf. I finally finished transferring 2 TB worth into my PC so I can reformat the bloody hard disk...
Can't sleep, and JT's (we're tight) song keeps playing in my head.. It's like I'm a mirror whoa-o hah
"twitterusername My last seen was like 3days ago. 12am, 4days ago nya last seen hah." 11.19pm | 15.05.13
Can you take a picture of yourself w your forehead? Hah... ??? LOL MY FB HAVE I THINK twitterurl twitterurl
you two are meant for each other. i was just a " thing " to make you realise that. hah.
I just saw the tangkap fame girl. I'm not sorry that I'm so mean and straight forward sometimes. Hah!
Hah I burst . His self centered attitude really cannot haha. He need to wake up. So I told him off
Hah? Serius? Yaampun, Jonathan Cook >,< RT twitterusername Jual Arloji Palsu, Pentolan Forever The Sickest Kids Ditahan twitterurl
??twitterusername It's been a year and four months of not having a boyfriend... Hah.??? Takda boyfriend je pe
It's PE time and yet we are camwhoring instead of doing activities hah. Awesome or what. ?? #friends?? twitterurl
HAH FUCK OFF RT twitterusername You gotta start watching bro haha brothers of destruction are back twitterusername twitterurl
People are busy watching oblivion, me and twitterusername are busy searching for sweet popcorn in the big box, HAH
Some people fought so hard for someone they care yet their effort is not appreciated by them... Hah!
"twitterusername Lazy to fucking wash his boots so I fucking sprayed perfume. Hah" I'm gonna tell him! Hahaha.. :D
i nt even in ur sch . ??? hah, then all the more you don't need to see twitterurl
those annon that try to be big in askfm, hah please come to my face and say those things, kidddddssssss
Dek mini juga udah?? RT twitterusername ??Dek debby udh pengalaman?? RT twitterusername Hah "twitterusername when people complain
Pretty sec 4 girls? Tag them! ??? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and alot more! Hah... twitterurl
If only i can change their decision.. Hah. Never. But still hoping that their planning will not happen. Amin!
Hah okay gonna follow up with the plan. Don't know whether I should really do it or not.
Right? Hah. I mean, I went shopping on my own last year. No big deal again this year.
to the supermarket which there are so many teenagers but i dont giv a fcuk hah twitterurl
Hah, bitch you playing games with me? Haha ok i can take it but i hope you dont regret
making me look like the bad party but in the first place im only trying to help??? hah ok
of all places i left my phone in the kitchen with no intention of getting it back hah
??twitterusername twitterusername HAHAAHA! Ade favourite puny?Ohhh gi taylor eh? Hahaha.Okay should try! Hah??? taylor? Taylor swift ke?TAILOR HAHHAHAHA
How am i suppose to wake up at 8 for training later? Wake up call anyone ? Hah
We will see Mancini in the Champions League again after he's being appointed as Galatasaray manager. Hah...
#latestrt i do that alot then get sad eventually when reality hits me that itll never happen hah
THIS!!! "twitterusername I dont know why you keep judging me HAH ENGKO TU BUKANNYA BAIK SGT PUN"
Dont you find it funny how someone moved on so fast after breaking up with years of relationship? HAH.
why are my term break next week fr like idk 14 bloody days hahahahah term break...hah
But they're so talented that I feel so pathetic like I'm not even deserving of stepping into this place, hah.
Dilarang protes-_-"twitterusername Hah? RT twitterusername Cie cowok ngefans ma cowokku"odiessyy: One direction lah! (Y) RT twitterusername one direction
how you know if he is tht sincere? hah ??? We dont hide anything in our r/s (: twitterurl
??twitterusername #Pisces are naturally the most secretive, as well as one of the most loyal??? AH HAH!
When will I ever post on my insta or twitter a pic of me & my "boyfriend" hah
Hah after an hour or so I realised I made a typo.... This. Is. Really. Embarassing. This always happens.
Hah feel like hugging someone rn. How I wish i get to hug you or smth. Urgh
well at least i have gaming all by myself tmrw after the noon hah get it no sorry happy cny
This yr raya I foresee myself being single again while all my cousins & their partner wearing matching kurung....... Hah
"A bike accident suggests you lack patience at times." Hah aku forever and always lack patience, nothing new this one
??twitterusername ill be lying if i were to say that im fine but u look all good without me hah???
looking at that pap that was fighting with the girl, the pap was totally lost of words. HAH.
Hah ! People dun always talk to me but when they do , they are asking for seat . Hahaha
We study but they make it look like we didn't for a decade hah seriously ticked off
woah non-stop from tiong bahru to great world hah I bet there's ALOT of gold in there
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? Hah manada tu hoax tai kucing lah itu haha twitterurl
I'm always like "fuck'em!" "screw her/him" .... and saying stuff like that I don't need her anyway but......... hah
First thing i do when i reach home is, walk fast to my room and land on ma bed  hah
Some friends say 'i'll be there for you when you really need some help' really? Hah bullshit!
"twitterusername Cheapest place to buy weed in the world? India. Most expensive? Singapore. -- Splains a lot... twitterurl hah cool!
By now kalau aku own up, hmmmm pointless. Aidy pun probably tk heran, hah. My loss. OH WELL.
"twitterusername "twitterusername Im fucking left with 2 bucks just great the fuckery" lavender have ananas 2dlr" hah thanks! :-)
Stephanie loves my long hair HAH MOM WE HAVE ANOTHER REASON FOR ME NOT TO CUT IT
Too nice, people take advantage. Too mean, no friends. Hais so hard to please the society hah...
Not a day passes that i never think of you.... Hah... I guess I'm just a sucker for you huh....
WS ME uh? HAH~ WONT REPLY NI. I wadym go hm, it's my plobam. Dare Betray me, u see loh.
i miss everyone who USED to be in life. But sadly, people do leave ur life hah
Nak follow follow aja. Tak ya unfollow pe. Mention la bodo. Ade otak mention la sial. Hah
so in sense that guy actually cared more than you did . hah!! skrg ape lu mauu balas ?? ckp uhh..
Numb. So so used to it. Cause you're not the first one who did that to me. HAH ??
"twitterusername Hah , getting angry over your own job . Tsk tsk" PUKI KAU LA SIAL. SEBELOM AKU KLUA SEPAK MUKE KAU
Hah mother's day present. To persuade her to stop her nagging. But she's still at it. -.- twitterurl
If dogs never existed, which animal would take its place as Man's Best Friend?... ??? Guys. Hah! Kiddz! Cats :) twitterurl
Yes , previous rt . I'm so gonna get a day rest and get myself off to Ubin . During June Holidays . Hah .
The macd operator still can joke around wimme. Hah. Sigh "the new burger only available aft breakfast ma'am" alar ??
"twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername making pancakes for boobsy hehehehe"khalid ? HAHAHAHAHA??? HAH FUCK U THAT ONE UR BESTIE"YOUR HUBBY
Omg so little people waiting for jay TT but its better cos i can see clearer HAH
Who is thiz mirah amy to you?? Hah mustt be special huhhh ??? Hahaha she is my cute lil midget. (': twitterurl
might be gg vietnam during the 1 week holidays and exam is just few days later hah screwed
HAH! Warning for all you out there! RT"twitterusername Wearing tight pants is a top cause of impotence in men"
and i'm like 'oh bitch pls im free and i dont have legcuffs and hanfcuffs hah' in your face
Hah having a family is like not having one . How great . Applause lah sia for you guys
hate the GF: BF: GF: BF: thing. so stereotyping so trying to say bf always give in ah? hah
Girl wearing hijab, red + polka dots top & jeans, hope to see you again (which I doubt so). Hah...
I even forgot that there's someone wasting his health away and dying sooner than we all think. Hah.
haters..... hah. im sorry i dont have time for you bc im busy loving ppl who love me.
hah RT ??twitterusername If you're lucky enough to get a second chance at something, don't waste it.???
AND I NEED TO ASK MY TEACHER ABOUT MAKING UP A TEST FROM YESTERDAY and hah ANXIEty
And i sounded like a geek, tryna act like a smart-ass with those unnecessary chim words. Hah.
HAH THIS! RT twitterusername I know what I did in the past, but what goes wrong now?
And i forced myself to work till closing cos i dont wanna screw up the manager's planned schedule. Hah.
Reading nyp confession page makes me realised that many of my schoolmate is a sex maniac.. hah..
Girls will be girls. When theres a camera anywhere, everyone will just join in and snap pictures together, hah. ?? twitterurl
Oh thts me. Easily angered? Heh. Yeke? ;) im stubborn. All stated. Hah. Dislike staying home! Restsless!! twitterurl
Hah. Not going for Ellie Goulding's concert because the tickets are sold out.... Nevermind,ONE Fc here i come !
So sengal haha Try not to laugh. Best Animals Fail & Wins Compilation Ever !! Funny Hah...: twitterurl via twitterusername
Ok hahaha that's done. Gonna return mom's phone and act as if i never took it hah
Morning call from boyf at 5am but... we both end up falling back to sleep otp. HAH.
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning? ??? 15min if I rush hah twitterurl
I'm not a beautiful girl in your eyes. I'm just as fugly as shit in your eyes. Hah.
??twitterusername twitterusername hoi! cheerup la. saw something see if it makes you happy anot. ?? twitterurl hah aw thank you :')
I've always thought I'm not the jealous type but HAH what a joke I get jealous over the littlest things
"twitterusername GO AIMANIS!GO MANIS! RT??twitterusername Aiman is aiman. Stop comparing me with him!???" nasib ada yg menyapot! Hah
cnt wait to see you at the musical. i was the first person to buy the tickets. hah ! twitterusername
Ystd I did some alone time. Thinking. Thinking about problems which apparently I don't have one. Hah!!
i dream of my minah-ish manager. did she miss me or am i just missing the workplace, HAH
Just registered my attendance for my commencement ceremony! Late, but I'm feeling quite teary about graduation again. Love liberation! HAH
so what ur feeling after knowing sambodi??? ??? Honestly, I feel glad that he revealed his true identity. Hah, tha... twitterurl
I like to smile at people who don't like me because I'm an asshole. Hah take that mafakas! :*
Would you date Muammar? ??? hahah that guy who wont stop waving at me. lol I would consider. hah... twitterurl
Jealous looking at couple bcos every day be it weekend or not they always have plans fr each other. Hah
Kaki macam tino hah kalah che ta RT twitterusername Yaaa , It's me . I'm already FreeLance modelling right now :) twitterurl
Walking past ex baito place but too lazy to drop by cos too lazy to talk hah
If I'm rich. I won't even let anyone kneel before me for money. Just sayin. Hah. twitterurl
hah everything is all left w revision i know myself best atleast i dont have to struggle to pass
How's interview? ??? Syukur alhamdulillah, everything ok. Hah! But I don't like the person who interview us  twitterurl
Hah HAHAHAHA I'm literally ROFLMBFAO-ing!!! I love u Ryan!  RT twitterusername How To Survive A Horror Movie!\
#1606 wah this number my bday hahaha. you looks cute & do talk more hah see you around! ^_^
Not going anywhere this dec? ??? Ya mean, vacation? Hah, not sure though. Myb bck to Jakarta :) twitterurl
I don't mind sharing abt my blog post to some people who's willing to read abt my life. Hah.
hah RT ??twitterusername Chapel should be made optional imo. what's the point if everyone wants to sleep???
want to go bali or phuket by this month but hah i have no one to go to with
I cant wait to start working life again. Maybe then, i wont be a clingy insecure bitch. Hah
Best eh Friday night chill w your boyfriend/girlfriend, movie marathon, pizza, roll a blunt rather than partying. Hah
Hah doubt you remember me,you can find things out yourself I guess ??? I know , diva? twitterurl
i like how there are so many notifications on iphone and the battery is still 100% HAH
im ugly, clingy, fat, over-protective, insecure, overly-attached, short..... yep many more hah even my curfew!
I keep saying i wana bathe but i end up walking in n out my room HAH
I don't even care how I look at school, not like I'm trying to impress anyone hah.
Get a boyfriend whose serving the nation is actually a good thing. The killer part is the distance only. Hah
This is shoooooo LOL xD RT twitterusername Conversation i had with Sir Bazri, "Awak nama siapa?" "Nathilia" "Hah Reptilia?!"
Lol tak lah, it was just a sarcastic remark hah RT twitterusername Youtube show it live ke ? twitterusername
you dont even understand my tweet you go retweet for what fuck sia, sorry aku sot uh hah
"twitterusername I'm getting more blur as time goes by. Shit. Need to get it under control" hah kesian
Come to college west la people! You don't have to care if you stay far or what. Hah!
Hah one day i know you will come back and realise that no matter what, family comes first.
Nolah, at least I'm only truly into one guy. Hah. And I'm unavailable as long as its not him.
She bought a bunch of Chipsmore & hid it from me but that's no longer relavant because I've found them hah
Ciyeee! RT twitterusername Hah apanya? RT JonaSetyadi: Bautista punya tuh RT peeooow: Love the way you look at me
Happy Chinese New Year to all my chinese friends,twitterfriends,strangers! hah.:P Gong Xi Fa Cai! Enjoy!(:
Sometimes you have to fight. Sometimes you have to stop fighting. And this wise word ain't make me wise. Hah!
I want you to be the first to wish me happy birthday but hah dream on.. you probably asleep.
??twitterusername twitterusername you use my link???? Yep! My dad says thank you. You're his life savior. Hah :)
Dear 3K followers , thankyou for following me . You are an awesome followers ! I loooooooooooove you ;* hah k random
True! RT "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Hah!Its okie. Dun trouble yourselves. Stay at home & rest while you still can.Heh!"
"twitterusername twitterusername Ohh I get it now. Good luck finding your man" already did have a boyfriend. hah.
Say I'm gonna stay here forever. LOL then Shawn was like Hello, people wanna go London one okay. Hah
Its much more sad when you cant even think about what we did. Hah. Tak gune lah
Are you contacting with anybody now? I was just wondering hmm... ??? Nope. Hah. Single mingle jingle wiggle. Hehehe twitterurl
I wish i was pretty. I guess i have to stop wishing and go for plastic surgery. Hah.
Like creating an 'ask.fm' account after complaining about it cos everyone is doing it. Hah very contradicting.
sambodi here,someone trying be me again :( ??? It's better if you reveal ur true identity. Seriously. Hah!... twitterurl
Wew "twitterusername Hah? RT twitterusername The first poster for the Godzilla reboot is out, starring Keanu Reeves. twitterurl
So, just received some good news, I guess? Hah. Will be performing at ite ce on 19 and 20 april. :)
U remind me of my ex contact. Pls i had enough of her. And you? Hah thnks again.
Hah?! Bobo ma boneka ya?! RT twitterusername Good night dolls !!! ???????? (at RK's Residence F12 Masyeba Bukit Mas) ??? twitterurl
No la ! Not your senior ! Hard to say uh . Haha ! ??? Huh? Who are you? Hah. Tell me lah :) twitterurl
i dont really like to apologies yknow but hah yes i manage to put aside my ego
I am so annoyed with the character of this book but I realize I'm similar to her. Hah
#2302 I do not know you that much! Hah, anyway, all the best for your studies and cca!
I shall sleep now although it's super early plus I need to make up for my sleep hah goodnight guys
Sigh I kinda miss being in a relationship, but I'm afraid it's gonna turned out to be relationshit. Hah
it's not like you guys got their no. or something & inform them not to come right. hah.
Hah my grandaunt knows who zayn malik is and she has a photo of him in her phone #ultraproud
Tak semua lelaki sama. ??? I know :) hmm but sometimes, I do think that all guys are the same. Hah... twitterurl
hey, chin up okay. treat yourself to some chocolates ... ??? Tryna stay off the unnecessary candy hah but thanks f... twitterurl
I used to give up but then there's this glitter of hope. Now it's gone once again. Hah~
Wahpiang eh, STOP THE SAI PLEASE. Your Sai this much meh? You didn't shit for 1 year le hah?
Najib Razak that cunt making a pact with Hindraf to get Indian votes, HAH DON???T FALL FOR IT, MACHA!
rmbr when u said 'oh no lah, i wont be like tht-spies' hah look at u now.
23rd, 1:45AM. I can tweet agn!!!! HAH!! Fckin finally.?? Challenge completed bishes. \\O/ That was one torturous dare twitterurl
hah. hahhahahaha I got 21 for oral. just pass? first time in my whole entire sec school life please.
They played teen top just now and i was dancing secretly HAH WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME
Haha, lhoo pye to mb? Hueheh. '' twitterusername Heee...sorry salah rt hahaha??twitterusername Hah? Apaan to bet ? (cont) twitterurl
AH HAH! twitterusername confesses that SG is boring without me! Hahaha. #Payback! You ditched me in Jan and?? twitterurl
Hah it's really hard to find someone who won't give up on you apart from your family. Trust me
Wooooh Design Thinking training today was tiring yet productive! Basically just revising what we learnt in NID and EDP. Hah
nvm bcs it still looks nice hah at least my black root hair is now pink(brown) again :-)
Can that horny basterd faggot get the fuck out of my timeline? Hah. Yes a female horny basterd. Euw
"twitterusername What the fuck HAHAHHAHAHHAHA RT twitterusername So this is why China has such large population twitterurl Hah
Hah! Gayyyyyyyy RT twitterusername Can't deny one direction's new song story of my life is really nice.
No matter how many clothes, bottoms i hve on my closet i still wear my fav "usuals" top & bottom. hah
Saw my ex-classmates twitterusername giving drinks to finisher while twitterusername spraying shit at others in the starting line. Hah!
Hah RT "twitterusername I'm the type of person that will text you night just to see if your still up"
so if nobody shared the same game interest as you , you'd still be here asking for help ? hah .
Its been a very longgggg time i last had something from Kappa. hah reminds me back to sec sch days
Hah! I know now where Dad got his inspirations from. And how he learn to write so well.
Trying to stay clear of OKR songs in my playlist. Gonna listen to them all night long later hah!!
who & what is oyah? ??? Oyah's = just a group of friends. Which is my friends and i! Hah, so yeah :) twitterurl
hah im not understanding enough lo. if you were me you would do the same or probably even worst.
"hopefully there's no bullshit the upcoming month" lol bullshit happens every single time what do you expect hah
Do you have a nickname? What is it? ??? Panda, balloon, fishball, and a lot more hah XD twitterurl
gerek sia wall of death rembat orang for no reason hah bile lagu part screamo semua rembat
What if 'i like you'. U see the IF Thr? Do u? Gd. It means im nt cnfirm yet. Hah.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername ??twitterusername I wonder if anyone have a crush on me hah k no??? ME??? BEDEK??? hais
My Aunty in Bali now & she's gonna buy fr me smth but idk what I want. Hah aiya heels? Hmm
:: My leg now so lenguh.. Plus need to endure the pain i'm out in a whilst time.. Hah!
My body is aching too. From Bailamos and from the gig... HAH NOPE JK. HAVING POST-LOSING ACHES.
You say i haven't tasted the real world? Hah you don't even know what i go through lah
honestly, what i wrote for english compo didnt make sense at all. dont think the teacher will understand hah
hah faggot block me on twitter & call us cant be trusted friends lol what a joke gayboy
Hah, how I wish i'm able to face to face talk to you clearly the next time I see you...
Spend the whole day at Batam with only 4 hours of sleep hah which is equal to cranky syafiqa
we're always talking about this matter then it'll always end up me getting pissed or you hah
nobody gives a fuck to people who r rude in this house hah i wont even care
Template file nearly completed but they were gone just like that. Okay brb gotta hire someone to hit me. Hah.
nearly completed but the files went missing just like that. Okay brb gotta hire someone to hit me. Hah.
someone's POP is on saturday but.....i have a strong feeling that i wont be going to see him. HAH
hah dont geng la. you've always hated constance lol. ??? I hate u hais. Stop irritating me twitterurl
How silly can you be. RT twitterusername Couldnt even find my sister in our own house sia wtf hah
Hah you think I was so in to you but watch me walk away without a second thought.
Ada chance buat alasan cannot find s&w class. Why? Because there's no class hah sial ah
why do i always avoid problems and feelings by sleeping hah i can never ever face em'
thanks la wani and bf for accompanying me at dte until i settle for a decision. hah
Why is it not called sub-sequence activated if its only for sub sequences huh huh huh? HAH.
I have no reason to break down when you wint even care hah, stop being stupid, zem.
HAH RT twitterusername HE'S DONE IT! Simon Santoso, a qualifier, upsets world No. 1 Lee Chong Wei to (cont) twitterurl
I hate morning class. 8:00/8:30am why can't it be like 10 or 12 everyday? Hah
WHO DO YOU LIKE ??? Your mom but she's not emotionally ready yet at the moment HAH twitterurl
Disappointed in you pretty much, you said that you would achive what you've promised but seems like hah no?
Hah inguss :s RT twitterusername Ciyuss ? RTtwitterusername smp gue mah di regina pacis kali haha RT twitterusername
Here , have some chill pills . Be cool , like always , esah RT twitterusername So much to rage on about today, hah.
Tmr going US embassy. Hah me and my serial killer US passport photo. A+ I tell you.
and it's a must for my phone to be 100% for me to go to sleep peacefully hah
Always there for everyone to talk to but no one is there for me to talk to. Hah
I just need to ask one simple question then I'll know if you guys sold me out or not... Hah!
Hah! RT twitterusername Of course you won't know where your man is with a face that looks like that.
Just read the benefits of cuddling?? Heh, anyone wanna be my cuddle buddy? x3 #LikeReal #TakTauMalu HAH!!!
moustacheh hates me , alot . Im Annoying & Irritating . Hah . This is what you get for sitting near me during maths period >:)
Or maybe cuz im having patient care lesson nao and teacher is talking about constipation and diarrhea hah
Fucking tired. Tues work. Wed choreo. Thurs salsa. Today EnergySculpt. Tmr? Hah. Latin dance + stretching class + yoga + woooorrrkkkk yayyyy
Hah!!! *dies* hahahahahahahhahahah RT twitterusername This speech has lasted longer than my last relationship with twitterusername Arg never mind
Hah. I failed teaching the second twin. So does Bibik. Now we shall see how mummy does it
If you think that "player" shit is still cute then your WAYYYYY to young minded for me!! Hah.
Hi. Someone's turning into a cat for me tomorrow. RTtwitterusername twitterusername ESOK. I GIVE YOU MY WORD hah!!
Threat mak kau. Bodoh. Man up face the consequences. Stand up for what you speak. Hah. Juvenile these days.
??twitterusername My Sweaty Armpits Is Just Taking Me Back To HS??? you always were the sweaty one in class hah
When you're down & need me, I was there. Now that you're ok, not even a word from you. Hah, congratulations :)
Hah, those girls who are so flawless. Please dont be my friend if not...............i will die.
#whyIloveJapan RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername if you dont wear here, people will be shunning you instead hah! *true story*
Hah bias. RT twitterusername *iPhone falls to the floor* The screen breaks. *Android falls to the floor* The floor breaks.
Now, you wish that you mean something to somebody else. Hah, isn't it a little too late dear friend?
they came to drill in the bathroom mirror and towel holders hah look who's up so early
??twitterusername twitterusername Why?Cannot favorite is it? Hah.??? Cannot ah. Its like you are on his side you knowwww
Hah! Spheshu :"D RT twitterusername O_o shembe take the wheel! RT twitterusername Any 1 got nice porn movies 4 me?
??twitterusername twitterusername aikkkk nya my lorong sey hahahaha! You stay at tpy eh???? Nope. Sendin my colleague. Hah
The plan is to sleep and wake up at 9am to go polyclinic ... hah just look at the time XP
2.5% more to 60%, i think tryhard pub games on top pages are more fun than drafts hah
But I was shocked lah cos that new guy convert frm Islam to catholic. Can liddat huh? Cool. Hah
Enthusiastic mother and daughter just now. HAH happy mothers' day to the both of you! twitterusername twitterurl
Afterlife no aircon & fan seh. Unless we're good enough to be in heaven not hell. Hah & not me. Sigh
Seems like everyone has bought the "Squares". Tau semalam pat cwp aku beli. HAH k tkpe, ada next time
I'm suppose to be at sembawang at 11am today. But i just got out of the house. Hah!
So if I fail my MT o's, hah, then that would be a smack to your face, not me.
who my crush is to me now??take a guess :'(  .................................. Cheyyy HAH!now he's my lover ^^ ? twitterusername
#Aries are GOD OF SEX. No doubts my babyboy twitterusername is forever horny! Hah! We give good service dahhhling! :p
Hah I remember the other time twitterusername and twitterusername  tweeted about begedil with minced meat! Hmmm hahaha twitterurl
I'm still wide awake rn. Hah I hope I'm not late tmr. My cousin gon be pissed at me.
Shit. My dad's match today also. Hah luckily he said his ok w it since my brothers watching his match. ???
What noise do you hear right now? ??? Noise ? Err twitterusername 's voice . Hah ok sorry bastard cket . twitterurl
Lol I thought it was hirzi  from the munahhirzi thing but I was wrong ah hah k
I think I've lose too many fluids in my body.. Hah time to drink tht stupid powder to replace them!
Ermm where is this Syuhadah? The pretty officer from Team Delta! Hah, ouh i'm just appreciating God's creations.
these stories make me feel that I can't trust any man at all. not even my dad. yup. hah.
Alysa Milano? Hah seen her boobs before hahaha not porn its just a sex scene in a movie
i often stalk ur girl when she is in school or extra lessons hah :) ??? You are? twitterurl
??twitterusername Do girls take it as a compliment when people say they look like a catfish???? I wouldnt hah
I have no interest in your girlfriend, nor your relat... ??? You're being an embarrassment to the society too. Hah... twitterurl
HAHAHA Omg future teachers of Singapore RT twitterusername twitterusername The other 3% are the ones giving the rest tuition HAH
everyone's science-ing around in the building and we're salsa dancing around hah we're so fitting in lololol
I wonder if i attract any girl out there with my english hah. K. Dah maghrib guys. Gy sembahyang...
Describe twitterusername :D ??? Alamak brother.. Rindu lah... Hahah its been so long since we play soccer together. Hah... twitterurl
want to extend for another 2 months with no pay? hah u wont even see my face.
I love someone whom I can talk about football, dance. Hah or everything. Never ending conversation! I like that.
Hah kan! RT twitterusername Breaking: Man suspected to be alleged Anonymous hacker "Messiah" is driven into Subordinate Courts by police.
Tell oyahs, jangan step handsome rabak. Tron town mes... ??? To me, their handsome tak step handsome pon. Hah, sor... twitterurl
Well, okay. Im one of your followers. Younger than you but taller. Hehe ??? Younger than me? Hah! Fav this? :) twitterurl
Bysa aj keles min :p twitterusername Hah? Wkwk :D Maria: Duh twitterusername Maria fendibuccu if she's your girlfriend twitterurl
Walking past ex baito place but you lazy to drop by cos too lazy to talk hah
Going to sleep already. Quite late. Why are YOU up? ??? The night is still young! Just got home hah twitterurl
Watched kal ho naa ho till i have no more tears left. Why i keep choosing sad movie hah!
Been wanting to apply for ICA sia last time. Its quite easy to get into that job hah
hah buto la talk abt ur damn self la fucking reflect on where u were the whole time bloody fuck
finally home. shocked to see my brother. Hah~ ok gna make use of my two hours rest nowwwww
gossip session cum dating wif shamira tmrw before she meets her someone while i meet no one. HAH
Oil returning Kurdistan to former glory. Now you know why Turkey is quaking in her boots. Hah! twitterurl
Thought of buying a ripcurl or billabong shirt for brother but then again.... His bday is still weeks away, HAH
I feel so sleepy watching this game tho. Hah feels like I'm watching liverpool against west brom.
Smart people get treated well and fairly while the not the smart one get judged and looked down on. Hah.
Hah! 1 Advice. :) If you dont trust your partner, better off you two dont love each other. ;)
oh wait. it's not 'I think' it should be 'it is' because it's a fact isn't it? hah
id rather be at a legal age right now than having a boyfriend hah sorry not sorry
#ActorKyungsooDay #Happy22ndKyungsoo Happy Birthday my bias. One of those idols that girls want as their boyfriend hah. ily ??? ???
Did badly for O's on 2012. Hah 2014 time to move forward & not stuck in the past.
What can totally impress you? ??? guys who are smart? basically if they have the full package hah twitterurl
I just dont like to be in contact w my own classmate unless i rlly like u hah idky
??twitterusername When somebody tells you to shut up.. #SGVINES twitterurl why not create an apps & named it "ahfran vines"? Hah.
Are you usually the heart breaker or the heart broken? ??? the last one I think hah twitterurl
Sama sama , life of being attached "twitterusername twitterusername no la how many fucking months I never go alr hah"
you happy now you got her? while i'm here suffering? hah, what a good life you have fucker
my friends could bulldoze me into talking to this guy and I still wouldn't do it hah
just found out that i got a good rate for a super deluxe room at yulia beach inn Bali. hah!
Hah ! I found it ! #MISSIONACCOMPLISHED FOR MONTHS I'VE BEEN TRYING TO FIND,AND NOW MY MISSION IS ACCOMPLISHED
hah it's not that yo nvr use is that you're just lazy back then... Look at th u now?... Hahaha
hah bahasa melayu dia!  no worries do share more often i am wiling to listen hehe nights sweetdreams :) twitterusername
Rindu pulak rase tension dlm exam hall. Abeh look around konon nye mcm bole dpt answer gitu. HAH
ended skybe with rik. few questions of physics left undone cos we both dk how to. hah
Hah. Taking pure Physics and pure Chemistry was the biggest mistake eva! Should take combined phy chem instead le sigh.
I love you, you love her haiss... ??? This not barney I love you, you love me. Hah. twitterurl
Whenever i eat mentos, i tend to challenge myself not to chew it. Most of the time, i fail. HAH
When it comes to mt. Hahais. Keep talking about CHICKEN with Iskandar hhaaha. Cos we're hungry. Hah!
i hope he's just scaring us and we're gonna play some fun games hah ya ok ok think positive hahaha
Hah Pixie, you got a handsome partner, but you rejected him. Bet she regrets rejecting Hugo now hahahaahaha
Eh what i very guai one okay! ^~^ say until I so bad leh...I good Scorpio hah
Hah? RT twitterusername eh tarra pattinson RT gabrielgumantar: Weeehhh :3 RT twitterusername 85 days road to Paramore's new album
??twitterusername Its so cool that my gf mum is my dad ex. Hahahahaha!??? Hah ? Seriously ? Oh my
If I were to be shah rukh Khan, ill punch all the guys who danced with her. Hah
Gonna meet a bro later in awhile gonna settle my skool stuff... Just got back then out... Peragai... Hah! :-X
Too lazy to rush for time. terime jelah brape amount salary for the first half month. HAH
LADIES NIGHT is the only night TL will be so boring & after 5am, TL gon be back to normal. hah
Rmb that Edwin said he gave this polaroid photo to this girl and she took it back to Malaysia hah.
Ok I'll go later, just for the sake of food. ???????? I dw to have dinner alone hah.
ok this girl follow me at insta for the 6283919524321 time heh apa kau nak hah peh
"SungJae_fanbase: [PIC] Sungjae wearing Gucci Belt with Interlocking Buckle ($350.00) twitterurl tao ure gonna be jealous hah
That moment when you fangirl and suddenly he becomes your real crush hah that sounds like me
I also hv been holding on for v long le, maybe letting go would be btr hah idk.
hah hunter's not in high school i knew it I KNEW IT AND NOW MCKINLEY GOES BACK IN SO PREDICTABLE
it's like you are scared of me HAHA RT twitterusername met jelynn on the mrt today hah so awk
Just hang on! Hah! RT twitterusername Haisssssssssss RT twitterusername twitterusername hahah have friends like us enough already!
So this is how short my hair had became D: hah whatever, hair grows! ?? #ootd #potd #out #long #sleeve?? twitterurl
what's going on this Wednesday at Zouk? ??? I'm not sure though. I'll be at Bali. Hah twitterurl
When your friend wasnt there, you stick to me like some dog. Now? Hah forgot me already
Never been caught for any school matter before besides that recollections .... I didn't really have the heart to attend . Hah .
??twitterusername Yeah that sweetness only lasted for a day. Hah. That's what I get for believing so much in love.???
We are flying high~ sigh tetibe a playlist of old techno songs are playing in my mind. HAH, legend
First time using my towel in my Fieldpack 10pack set in 7 months hah! Basically since enlistment..\
hah RT ??twitterusername The best thing about #Leo is that their feelings for you never change, even if yours do.???
Dont fucking pretend you just stumble into it. That is fucking desperation. Now you couldnt get out. Hah.
describe twitterusername ??? my Abang Sachok! hahahah! he still doesnt believe that I still find this guy Sachok la! hah... twitterurl
Suppose to be 115 days but was over long time thou... Hah... I miss using this app with u twitterurl
Aku kire pal 5. RT twitterusername Why ? RT gabrielgumantar Hah? RT twitterusername RT twitterusername TOL (cont) twitterurl
WTF IS DAT RT sehunabc: HAH?"KAISEHUNTAO: WHAAAATTTT ??? "SEHUNITED: EXO has another plan this 2013 besides XOXO ? twitterurl
i go twitter timeline and see all the #5 for the twitter game. I know who already hah
#10 hi handsome! U r such a funny guy! Haha!! And ur handsome. Are u ready for vietnam? Hah !
Omg major heart attack I thought I working today cos today Thursday but its only Wednesday hah k
You me study date ? ??? Hah tell me who are you first and see if ill consider ;) twitterurl
Sorry ah bro, we still can be friends like once. But the trust? Hah,not a piece.
Morning bitchezz, cold morning like this i should be in bed right now, not heading to school. Hah!
??twitterusername I still havent watch fast 6. No one to watch with. Kimais noob pe aku??? jums . its fun . hah
The pain when the person you've been talking to everyday suddenly stops talking to you hah been there done that :')
VEST HAH RT twitterusername twitterusername oh shiet Malay lady in black tudung and red best and gloves gonna ask ... twitterurl
Kah-lawd hah merci. when Caucasians start to look like this that's when I knew my chances were done twitterurl
Suddenly felt like reviving my ask fm but then I forgot my password HAH. So here you go : twitterurl
thts normal for someone whos speaking in 2nd language, or even third hah... ??? Hahahaha how come? You from malaysia? twitterurl
Hah it's okay. I'm the one who had alot of problems. You all are perfectly fine. I'm shit.
Err.. I am physically not mentally. Hah. Do you? :'-* RT twitterusername twitterusername lets go if u r ready hahaha!!! :*
Ber 'do......while' bagai. While reading le question i do thinking what to tweet. Hah? Tak lawak.
What I hate about kampung is the toilet. Sigh but I like the air perigi? Hah. Sejuk!
Cant recall whatever that have been taught today cuz most of the time im either sleeping or half asleep. Hah
Shoot shag marry. Khidir, mikeal or syafiee ??? HAH! Shoot option is almost too easy. Definitely Mikhail. Shag and... twitterurl
You left.. I'll feel the emptiness 6 months later... hah !! That shows how unimportant u are in my life :)
Niq's 1st birthday party later. Been a long time i last went to a mcd's bday party, HAH
That's the main problem with everyone! Hah RT twitterusername Before you "assume" try this crazy method called "asking".
Yay me and 9 others can book out early tmr! HAH. Provided area cleaning is done haha
??twitterusername lol.. RUMORED things GD do = get on news. GD donated 20k for charity = nobody cares. singapore media hah.???
Hah masalaluh RT twitterusername Tentram idop pas lpj RT gabrielgumantar: Zombie, angry birds, cartoon wars yee (cont) twitterurl
Jk I bought the games with my own saving tho I didn't register for tuition this term hah.
They use "testy" instd of comment....... Haha org yg kite accept as a friend mesti kene kasi testy hah whaaat
To know that umar pulavar is founded by my grandmother's brother...and I can't speak tamil well. Hah..
Wasted my fucking weeks for her and this is what i get . HAH. IM SO DONE HERE
I think, I need a short getaway. I need to be free fr a few days. Malaysia? Indonesia? Thailand? Hah.
Hah I knew he was talking behind my back.... what's new. And I trusted him so much. Wow ab.
"twitterusername Our new mrt seats. WHY SG WHY? Now nobody dares to sit, not even me twitterurl HAH GAYYYYY
Actually, I like you but you got your qt already. ??? Nonsense! I'm still single lah. Hah! You are? :) twitterurl
So yea you get all the guys attention but that doesnt ring a bell on me~ Hah
Time to sleep! Finally returning to work tomorrow cause EXAMS ARE OVER!! And i miss going to work. Hah!
Staring blankly cos idk how to start. Hah just hoping it will turn simple and acceptable la twitterurl
I just hate SUAREZ tonight, hah keep falling only. But today we win mesti mlm he dapat.
Secret Santa lunch with my babies at my place. & I got pictionary and speakers from dtaylol HAH ???? twitterusername twitterurl
Instead of, try to cut the leash maybe a slight chance of the dog might be alive. STUPID FUCKS. hah
too easily to fall in love? hah. not easy to fall out of love too i guess? ??????
Mcm no point ah rindu org but org tu tak rindu nor even care about us. Hah
You know what's your problem? You always PRETEND you ... ??? Hahahaha i'm alright lah amboi love love sedap je hah... twitterurl
Everyone's partying & here I am at home waiting for liverpool's game. Don't know if it's a good thing hah
Hah! RT twitterusername Block B's Park Kyung and Zico reveal they have the same ex-girlfriend twitterurl
hah block me on ws why is it so hard fr you to ans yes or no? lol
ill never be one of those girls that have interesting childhood or teenage stories to tell hah fml
After exam ends, i am gonna camp myself at arcade to play Jubeat. hah.. I get a gold card for nothing ok..
You know the feeling when you go to your girlfriend's house and everyone ignores you while you sit at the corner of the hall? Hah you don't.
Hahaha k that was badddd but i hate to be reminded of studies....... I move on my own. Hah k who cares
Ouch. Hah RT twitterusername to the guy in a suit giving flowers in AS, you r a jerk for giving flowers that symbolises death! #tpconfessions
cheh cheh represent sg fr the asian school cup huh for soccer. my dad neh share me this sia. hah, proud of you dad :)
Omg! I just realised that your pics are in my phone since last year xD:') hah... ??? hahahaha!! omg why so cute E???? twitterurl
I am.asking that shuk is the one who's sombong la HAH... ??? ouhyeke? hahhah! i didnt read the question properly a... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername I'm gonna treat y'all this sat lah. Hah??? I nak 3 mc spicy 2 Big Mac semua upsize pls.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername I'm gonna treat y'all this sat lah. Hah??? I nak 3 mc spicy 2 Big Mac semua upsize pls.??? Tak tahu malu
Still rmb yrs ago, nk "pikat" tometot, aku and fahmy bawak die maen playground. Frm thr baru tome bobal dgn kite. HAH
how about tmr? And the day after? And the day after? Hah"twitterusername Hahaha not today la RT twitterusername twitterusername how about now. Haha"
Tell me how do you feel if someone lean on your own boyf's shoulder?hah,if you get what i mean la eh.
hah it's ironic when you KNOW people  hate you but yet you're still doing things that make people hate you even more
Hah. twitterusername asked for product images. FInally got them after three days, but all water marked with "STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL" #WHY #FAIL
Some AIA person rang me up to promote some retirement plan. Hah. And i trolled the person by asking if 20 year olds are qualified for this.
My MacD breakfast is here! Abang delivery guy kinda cute huh. He was like "sorry tau kalau lambat" hah. It's ok, ride safely ???
I know which follower of mine who will actually sleep after tweeting goodnight and who will actually continue to tweet. HAH.
Im not matured yet. Hah! You know why? Cos i still watch cartoons like idk how to explain the cartoon is showing at okto noww. Hhahaa! ^^
So she left you and now you coming back to me, after leaving me just like that?? Hah. What a joke, boy!
Because faiz is the type of guy who only dare to talk behind the computer screen, and not in reality HAH.
When it comes to relationship promises, i will always keep it.. But when it comes to friendship promises, HAH! Jangan harap nak promise ??????
After all in the end, im the one to be blame. Im the one who cant be trusted. My bestfriends and friends must have really hated me hah
Hah my whole life has been filled with hate..Should be used to it.BUT when my crush hates me,that when i break down.. :'(
HAH?!? Reallehhh?! RT twitterusername So all the top malaysian and singapore artistes will be at Fairmont for Gala Night. Nak join!
We have the same problem hah RT twitterusername Whats wrong with me nowadays. Super hungry but after taking 2-3 bites im full already bleaghhh
My alter ego is screaming in rage.... I'm controlling myself cause i know once i let that out..hah! Lets put it, "more drama"...
Where are u? 1 year + u have not seen me, u said, u miss me but when i text u for dun fucking care...hah! Typical; oh yesh
Just notice Dr Goh's full name. Goh Phiak Lan. Hah !! What a name! Steps on mud *phiakk phiakk phiiakkk * OPPPPS ! XP
Hehehehe! I'll tell you later. Perth? Wow memang i na... ??? Haha. OMG! Do i knw u or smth? Hah. But you're so swe... twitterurl
Been long since i last log-in/check my LINE account. So now what, LINE is  becoming more like FB too? O_o Hah xD
Yani's a retard i swear. Proven! Wonder where she got those ideas to text in such idiotic way! Random much? I think u IMH patient ready! Hah
Hah i remember when mom last scolded me because i didnt give a damn about almost everything, that i'm becoming more 'cuek' each day/?
"an addiction is an obsession, something that takes over your mind and your every thought." wow hah ok that's from tumblr
I can imagine what I'm doing now in camp.. Probably using my phone,chit chatting and eating probably... Or preparing my sleeping bag hah
18 years old is still so-called underage?? Why changed the laws when you know some of us might break it? Hah..
look at hanis boob. dont mind my face because i was shock at the size of it. HAH BASTARD KK twitterurl
That short meet up with twitterusername and the annoying chip was all good, thought chip seems to have a huge problem with me. Hah :*
Hah well you don't have to bother telling or asking me to meet or whatever cuz at the end of the day we won't.
Hah told u SPR not to bother with that stupid ink!: Anwar: Thousands of reports so far against indelible ink fiasco - twitterurl
I wonder if you still remember the promise well I bet you didn't but it's okay at least you somehow did the promise hah okay what
What would you do if your girlfriend had sex with you... ??? Hah, i've been through this. Erm, she was right to du... twitterurl
HAH SHORT GIRL DOES IT AGAIN! Managed to hang these balloons heh heh *flips hair* all i need is a chair. twitterurl
As much as I love 80's music and would love to experience 80's hah, i don't think i could survive without internet/modern phones. kental me.
Ini smue normal RT twitterusername I can't go on a day without talking to you. But I guess you can. Hah
I don't like those type of guy like ya know "HUH? YOU CLUB?! NO! Eh whose that guy hugging you?! Eh no sleepover! Go home!" Eww hah
??twitterusername ??twitterusername I love simple type of guys. Hah!??? Yeah right ! Padahal nk harte ! Ahahahaha???I don't go fr that shit ??
"You drinking w who?! Your boyfriends ah?! I feel insecure sia!" Eww staph ah. Me no likey, hah. It's all abt TRUST
Just now in the morning. Me:"should i study today or tmr?" Bro: "where got time to study" me: "where got time for O levels" HAH TAKE THAT
And yet you still have the cheeks to say that we could share anything with teachers like you. The irony. Hah..
So excited nak jumpa twitterusername dan yang lain-lain besok. It's been long seriously. I miss you pinching my cheeks hah. Allah, rinduuu~
What time do you usually wake up in the morning? ??? 10am to 12noon during weekends & 645am during weekdays. HAH o... twitterurl
Why do you have haters? The first time I saw you, you were damn nice and friendly. ... ??? Hah thanks, but you are??? twitterurl
already scolding me for not studying hard, when you haven't even seen my results yet. I guess you would probably be super piss off hah.
Watching a panel with JoMo and DG and Daniel is fucking hilarious and so filthy!!! It's even funnier considering how different Elijah is HAH
I should shut up before it turns out to be a argument again. And it's gonna be my fault agn. Hah whatever. Shall go back sleep.
Everything is in a mess now. Who do you look for? Hah! Only when you're in hardship then you look for him silly you.
What mask would you wear to a masked ball? ??? Maskeentape. See what i did there? Punintended. Pun. Poon poon. hah... twitterurl
GET YOUR TICKETS FROM JOEY! Get her to get from a fri... ??? Alright, will look forward to watching you dance. Hah... twitterurl
Yg if this is really my last ke apa ntah itu.. explain a... ??? hah, tknk blng bole. heh. sbb maseh tk sure, sorry :) twitterurl
like i heard he and adley talking this morning ??? WOOOOOO who are you. idk if he talked to adley or not but.. HAH... twitterurl
Out of all people, i saw ahleng right in front of me, with my item he "stole" from me last year. HAH still alive ey
Oh no I really think I like u. Ur so kind and caring ... ??? haha, you're too kind ! and this makes my dayyyyy hah... twitterurl
I dunno why i even still call u sayang... Hah! My life is way better than urs even though now u got more money then me! _|_
Hah bro 12 fking years. Just so you know. I'm glad now I knew you're such a chicky behind my back
That sounds so layankan! Hah nvm good night feeza :) ??? I don't like to layan people so having me to at least lay... twitterurl
i need a collage app on comp besides photoscape omg we have way too many back shots i will collage them HAH
i mean like what girl wants to fucking wear a bra when they're at home hah da boobs need to be free
Sry but I am not telling u any further hehe ??? okay. a few people is on my mind now HAHA. wait are we close?! HAH... twitterurl
This war is never gonna end if you don't give in . Whyy is it always me who have to give in ? Hah , too bad uh .
Ewah ewah.. Hah. Insyallah~ But tkpe u have~ ^_^v RT twitterusername twitterusername Can also. 10% inspiration 90% perspiration :D Study hard :)
Hah, it's fucking obvious you're trying to piss me off by not giving me any shifts for 2 weeks straight. It's not working. :)
And it's Monday. This week onwards, i'll be having dance and work for more than half the week ugh my happening life hah.
Talked to another MP about the whole OCS Raid thingy, and apparently there's not one, but TWO dildos (two people) hah! OCS Hotel Wing.
Hah step mum at thr talk so much , in the end 1 motive wan dad chase me out of hse nia
Yknow.. if you like me ill literally never realize it until you tell me "I like you and even then im still not sure.. Hah!
The last update from the live blog I'm stalking for the China press con was 10am. Guess they didn't bother to update it. Hah.
Infantry men in Taiwan having R&R. Each individual was issued 3 XXL condoms. Apparently the SAF thinks highly of us. Hah.
Damn cute lah omg RT twitterusername NO DOUBT THIS IS MY FAV GIF OF ALL TIME twitterurl JUST LOOK AT THAT FACE HAH
Come on, there's no such thing as no chance. Everybody has a chance. It's whether or... ??? Hah, see first. Thanks (: twitterurl
Don't think I'd mind my mum being pragmatic, marrying me off to one of our foreign relatives. She has good taste and I wanna gtfo of SG hah.
How many subjects did you passed? ??? 3 subs! Hah Malay A1/A2, English B2, Art C5(cos I didn't do my coursework, h... twitterurl
Can i like find someone who get to know me better, accept me for who i am & never leave me no matter what happens? Hah
The yongtaufu store is closing, so the uncle just threw all the ingredients he could get his hands on into my bowl, yet charging cheaply hah
Can't help the fact that girls live in the kitchen. If my husband is going to be a lazy ass and expect me to he his maid, HAH
Some cat-hering going on here get it cathering as in gathering but with a c a t instead ok k hah twitterurl
Was so looking forward to tomorrow, well its the weekends and the only time I could be stress free bt hah
????..mana ada RT twitterusername twitterusername hah!bluff!i bet you were all smiles after 6!epppp dgn abg helms ehhhh!teeheeee!
its really pathetic how you choose to believe the person who you yourself know that he like to world and against us. hah great job babe!
How you get such a hot body? ????? ??? I dont think of myself having a hot body but thanks for thinking that way, hah... twitterurl
HAH people just making a big commotion abt Whatsapp's last seen timestamp. Who cares anyway, I WILL FREAKING REPLY! Not guilty of anything.
Would u date him la!  The he was protecting u so cute hah... ??? I've not thought abt it. idk. hahahah I have no idea twitterurl
Even if I brought a dice for my paper just now, it wouldn't help cuz the MCQ options are alphabetical hah wtv it's over and I'm screwed
Ok im so tired that i actly fell asleep inside the bus with my mouth open omg this is my first time hah shit
ahhhhhhh happy birthday to my hero and rolemodel in dancing twitterusername ??? I wish you all the best!! sleep and eat alot hah!
Someone who used to say they're willing wait for you patiently &!willing to do anything for u now has fall for someone else easily. HAH JOKE
I was napping since 4 till now and i think i answered like 10 calls without me realising. Damn sorry not sorry hah
Hahahah i dont think you know me sia mr somebody hais hah... ??? Ofcourse la i dont know you. HAHAHA. Just tell me la twitterurl
Ay. Ay. Lol! Hah usuyang'qatha RT twitterusername Wen I'm back in Dbn wanna take 2 da show room trust u will ... twitterurl
seriously ur mind too dirty "twitterusername twitterusername Hah! Don't lie to me leh. What's else beside that? You tell me? Haha!"
JIAJUN. Did you sleep when you're on phone on purpose? ??? On phone? Or you mean skype/oovoo hahha. Sometimes, hah... twitterurl
HAHAHAHA, yesterday my dear primary school friends keep copying the way I laugh hahaha. Why, too unique uh my laugh hah. ????
Had to pin down the kid while twitterusername did some massaging thing in order to make the new kid sleep. Hah.
Hah! K ah k.. Hmm.. time to have a short reflection before sleep.. I'd like to apologize for any mistakes/errors made by me
I swear its really gonna be someone unexpected , i do... ??? Hah! hope to see you one day. :) I am cheering up act... twitterurl
Haha,  not revealing my identity,  haha.  I would lik... ??? Why? Are you a guy or a girl? Hah. Ill accept any adv... twitterurl
Hahahaha fucker sia! Lousy bodoh kau lost to a girl! Hah! Where are your man pride n... ??? Ya ya, go on with that... twitterurl
Annoying whatsapp conversation with big bro. Arguing over ciggs and money issue. Why not you shut up and call up ur "chicks". HAH
I can't wait to go Bali w them. Luckily, my cousin's "girlfriend" tagging along w us cos I'm the only girl. Hah
Movie date: guy "you want any popcorns?" Girl "urm, no" "any drinks?" "No" guy "it's ok, I'm still gonna buy fr you. :) " hah I miss this
I don't actually have a so long called best friend for me to pour everything out & for me to ask critics from hah.
I'm not gonna off my 5am alarm tmr. Im just gonna let it ring, wake up and HAHAH DAMN SON ITS A PUBLIC HOLIDAY HAH *unlock screen. Sleep.*
Why you so fierce? :( ??? huh. When am I fierce! LOL. I only fierce to those people I find very annoying ah (: hah... twitterurl
I'm very sensitive to the three words "???"!! Just now in Mac I heard this 3words I straight away turn over. Indeed! Saw someone I know. Hah
I called once, not twice. I don't deserve you to fucking attitude me. Didn't you know? Adding "la" is very rude? Still think your right? Hah
Nice to know you Bella!?? Thank you too??RT twitterusername twitterusername think so too. Hah. Call me Bella ?? Hey anyway nice voice you got there!
??twitterusername I have a small feeling that Venice is gonna be tested for SS.... And that's bad!??? Hah! Expect lots of people sleeping.
really envious of those loving couples who never fail to make up after each quarrel unlike me, there's no 'patching up' in my love life hah
How I wish I got someone to entertained me every night. Hah. Everyone asleep cos they've gt sch tmr. Haish boring
Hate accs are rly pathetic. I mean, say it t th face man. Why waste ur time and effort t create accs. Hah pathetic whole cunts
That's when boys are enlisted for NS. Unhappy? Haha. RT twitterusername Reminiscing about my 18th birthday celebration and I felt happy. Hah.
Open instagram *im wearing bf's shorts/shirt to sleep hehehe goodnight love you bby* lol ?? *8hours till i meet you* HAH
yur fren jaz is really vulgar but she is so cute in the video hah... ??? Aw thanks ya her mouth is dirty all the time twitterurl
I need the money for something else. Fuck that melayu sial! Org Islam? HAH! SIAL PUYE PAK CIK! KAU GI MATI SUDAH! ALLAH IS FAIR!
"twitterusername I feel like i should start working out and shit and lose weight whut hah" w me ok w me i need to lose all these flabs
??twitterusername twitterusername nigga I'll pop my chick quick on some crucial shit lol??? hah my girl would probably try to shoot me first
LOL snacking on this Ready To Eat Sausage my dad bought for me. Chicken blackpepper! So yummy. My dad rlly knows how 'itchy' my mouth is hah
did my sis posted a photo of Justin on her insta? HAHAHAHHA damn girl r u becoming a fan again rn? hah
Hah. You can be rude to your sister or nenek. But you try ah be rude to me. I slap you i tell you
Delusional to think that I can study while crying. But I can't stop crying hah might as well just sleep now lol this sucks
"There???s a way to be shrewd and fox-like, to act sensibly depending upon the situation" - exactly what kwfs demand from their idols hah
Hah! Lol tjo na weh RT twitterusername Everytime this nigga tweeting about love I just wanna be all up in his mentions like -_____-
I'm here putting in my best, and you're there going in and out of court. Who do u think u are hah
Hah. RT??twitterusername i dislike people who forgets me after what i had done to her/him. its like they don't know how to appreciate me.???
Benci kalau kepala terhantuk abeh terkena helmet, i mean hello? You're supposed to protect my head hah now you're hitting me
Does it link?hah RT twitterusername First Win Of The Day. Hahah. RT twitterusername Whats fwotd?? haha. RT twitterusername People OOTD. I FWOTD.
you left me hanging here when you first said .. 'Trust me, I'll never be like him. No matter what, I'll never leave you. I love you.' hah .
for god's sake, you got kicked out. you didn't leave them. hah. was that supposed to be a threat for us? lmao. great attempt.
Funny how there's no one to annoy me. This is what i mean by "biler tak msg carik,biler msg annoying pulak." Hah
Dad playing angry bird while mom feed him gong gong. So cute lah see my family's reaction while eating that......... Crap. Hah
my family thinks i'm antisocial because i haven't been downstairs since i got up and they don't know it's because i haven't showered yet hah
Sometimes i just love my this ex. Most strong headed never give in to me lol but its so cute and adorable.. just too cute wanna hug hah
oh if aidy knew how i'm standing up for him against this ignorant asshole, hah. whatever lah. it's sincere, so yeah.
Im just a plain normal guy, not popular at all, heh. ... ??? It's ok though. :) hah, me too. Are you that SH guy? ... twitterurl
Well.. Elisa is the girly side of twitterusername that's why ah she doesn't approved people who call her Elisa hah idgaf aku nk panggil gek!
??twitterusername you got ipad mini ? so idgaf. fvck off lah bitch. do you have friends ? cause i got you know hah???
??twitterusername twitterusername it's not funny and it's rude to me. Hah.??? I know how you feel! To them its funny but to me mntk kena ??????????
Why am i not surprise that she's not coming and just wasted my mum's money buying 2 box of pizza and a box of chicken for her. Hah
No girl wants other girls to look at their girls especially when they know their girl is attractive hah dayummm girl bye girl #kktc
I love flipping my hair....so long, now that ms. ang isn't there to force me to cut it now so HAH!
The song goes like this " is about you & I... Will love again " then there's this tet tet tet beat like chasing the sun by the wanted. Hah
"twitterusername Hah I know what to do with my superfree time. Trim down my sapu-lantai dresses. yeah that's it!" Pendek. Ahah!
No, your usuals & family have given you happiness but ya know, you want that "special happiness" from tht someone special. Right? Hah
I almost forgot that I have project presentation with my group on Thursday. Lucky I checked my phone just now. Hah!!!
and the cheering got louder so the newfound confident and did it with both hands then that shy but proud smile.. hah
TET WRONG ANS PLEASE TRY AGAIN HAHAH RT twitterusername twitterusername i would have told u the same thing too....... provided if u give me pancakes. HAH
Aku dah pernah ah kena prek cukup cukup. Someone was there throughout my two years in NS. After that? Hah buat taik. Oops.
Ahh shucks, I forgot to bring my specs, can I have yo... ??? Wow are you like some pick up line master or smth hah... twitterurl
You're not my GF and u have a bf, so why are you telling me what you want for your B'day? Hah! PFFT!
Idk why but sometimes i do agree that partying is a waste of money & time (if the party is veh boring. Hah)
I saw you today with one hijabi girl? Looks good together.... ??? This was on last Thursday?! Hah just a friend. twitterurl
off course its nice. c my breast n ur find it more nice HAH... ??? HAHAHAHHA duh who doesn't like boobs. twitterurl
U know who I am lah fina. Sape lagi call u kakak canti... ??? I swear idk! Hah. Seriously. Your name starts w letter? twitterurl
You take art for your O level right? Any tips for me?... ??? Hi! Yes :) hah, tips? DO YOUR COURSEWORK! Don't be la... twitterurl
What would you do if a random guy comes up to you and... ??? HAHA I'll see if the guy is cute/handsome or not. HAH... twitterurl
What do you do when you???re angry? ??? Keekee?? Im not sure. When people disturb me, I'll laugh. Weird hah? I know. ... twitterurl
hah, you expect me to not think that your tweet is directed at me after what happened on the chat? SERIOUSLY????
Who do you think in Silat is the craziest? ??? Hah, if its in nypsilat. Everyone is as crazy as each other. twitterurl
Nope, im one of your followers tho. Hah dont worry i'm not h... ??? An imaginary girl for a made up boy. How perfect. twitterurl
Omg gene so ugly still lile her? face too flat thigh ... ??? hah at least her english isnt as poor as yours!! lile... twitterurl
I want my future boyfriend stays nearby me. So, when I'm bored at this hour we can meet up or smth. Hah in my dreams
hah tw guy,i laughed when he say there wun be a time when he will oshihen...u urself got so many oshi lolol
How do twitterusername get into OYAH's. Lol ??? Like that. Hah, cos he likes to mixed around w us. So yeah :) twitterurl
I'm happy that you quit partying. I'm one of your fol... ??? Hah, aww. Thanks! Don't be shy. Just tell me! I'm so ... twitterurl
My nanny said my late mum addressed my dad as "brother/abang". "Brotherrrrrr ada kuching! Brotherrr tolong!" Hah tak boleh imagine.
1st thing to do once u arrived at villa runningman kampung tengah puchong is look around..ritual apa laa ni..hah
Have you ever felt like you're just a fucking rebound? It's like ppl will find you only when you need smth? Hah, sucks.
Hey, i'm the dude you thought was 'smart' hah i was wondering if ... ??? what question? I didn't receive any from you twitterurl
A guy who like to smile.. Keciksmile lah.. Haiyooo.. Kenape lah you ni s... ??? Oh ok! I know who you are alr. Hah :) twitterurl
I'm such a noob. Now then i know Ariel who used to be in Peterpan group is now known as Noah. Hah -_- tsk~
Hah, playing the victim. What's new. They are always the victim mah. Even when they are doing hardcore repression, still the victims LOL
u win la Hui min!! gd nite see u tmr!! ??? HAHAHAH! Guess what. My Chinese name isn't hui min. It's hui ming:P hah... twitterurl
can i just like chop off my damn boobs and its one less cancer for the world to worry about hah
#10470 hello! Haha you're super friendly caring and entertaining! We don't rly talk now hah I still rmb yr ghost stories! Anws, cya soon :-)
I cannot wait to tell AnthonyChong that I am dropping out let's see whether he'll give a fuck and my other mentor Desmond hah.
A male colleague just said my jeans is nice. The cutting and all. Never did he knew this is for the plus size. hah
I'll cook good food fr my future husband, daughter & son. Trust me. You'll love my cooking no need to order food. Hah
im someone who have a damn big crush on you): ??? Really? Do smth! Hah. You'll regret having a crush on me twitterurl
Im one of your followers. Im watching it too princess. ??? Stop calling me princess. Aww! Hah! Are you a fan of li... twitterurl
Love the way you laugh. Just saying :) ??? Oh wow are sure? Cos I'm sure that I look really nasty when i laugh hah... twitterurl
I've never had a real valentine before. Like the whole go out on a date, big bear kinda thing. Hah, I want that at least once pls.
"twitterusername what a selfish act huh????? only think about your own bloody self & never even spare a thought for others hah wow there :-)"
i nvr really felt happy this year. if i was its only for a few hours or a day hah life s u c k s
Ah hah, at least you got to celebrate it but you're t... ??? Idekw but it was pre picked/planned so I got no choic... twitterurl
Do you listen to skinhead songs? ??? When I was young, I used to listen to ACAB. Hah :) but I prefer ska! Heh. twitterurl
Mostflatteringthing a guy cn say rttwitterusername You're the kind of girl that would make me put down my controller and reply your message. Hah
Be a mod girl. It's still better than rude girl. Just advising y... ??? I wish! Hah, I wanna be myself. That's all :) twitterurl
Do you think you're hot ??? No... I'm training my body now maybe I hope by the end of 2014 then it will be Hot hah... twitterurl
Mcm gini tangan aku sakit nak gy retest ? Hah. Fuck you la teachers . Make me in trouble only. Call my parents also no difference
Hah believe me, you wont even look at me once you know who i am ??? world ah eh jap like familiar only twitterurl
My Abg Sedara all sign on & ask my dad for advice. Dad Dumbdumb if not his a sergeant by now. Hah
Rumours? U know its true dun deny dun lie to urself ??? u really want me to look like i'm the bad one now aye? hah... twitterurl
I was very skinny when I was young! And always felt inadequate during PE lessons! Hah to those athletic boys back in school, I caught up!
This bitch is living proof that money cannot buy you class. I???m cursing her family to get bankrupt suddenly. See how you live. Hah!
Omg guys i got into NP Film, Sound & Video. Hah just kiddin, this is last year's, i still keep the text though heh:3 twitterurl
That's how long you can stay with her? Hah! Told you ... ??? I don't blame her for leaving. I blame myself for tru... twitterurl
People can go extreme to look "cool". Trying too hard sia. I thought "cool" is not about trying and still look, "cool"? Hah
"twitterusername Craving for lots of things but dont have anyone for me to eat with hah" this as always ha ha
Single and using your piety to get girls. Married and using your piety to get another wife HAH LOL thats you
I've got a real "interesting" game planned out! So excited for this. Best part is, it involves you guys! Hah. Watch this Twitter atmosphere!
Hahahhahahha like iyoh! I was never ready. Hah RT twitterusername :""D Instagram that Hoe... "twitterusername Big brother is always watching ay!!!
How to get skinny and talk like you hah ?? I'm super ... ??? I always do the 7 minutes work out. I don't eat healt... twitterurl
What is your most unusual nighttime or morning ritual? ??? i run to my bed when i off the lights..... SCARY LA HAH... twitterurl
Come back only quarrel. Nabei! Not understanding at all. My fault my fault my fault..who wants to tolerate temper like mine? Family? Hah!
Now I realise my importance in your eyes, bullshit, you don't give a fuck about whether I'm worried or not. Love? You claim. Hah.
Last night I dreamt that twitterusername and I were crafting a plan to heal the world while hanging out in my walk in wardrobe. Hah!
I LOVE MY CLASS. RT"twitterusername And i cried in class just now reading classmates wrote a caring words..hah..i love CCE lesson!"
DAFUQ. Some lady is going to update her twitter fb or text her friend that a weirdo asked for her number! HAH.
"twitterusername someone get for me mcdonalds breakfast tomorrow and i'll definitely love you" what if another guy buy for you :') hah
So don't act all "ya ya" ah kental... Cuz I'm much stronger than u and still tough as fuck. ONCE A KENTAL, ALWAYS A KENTAL! HAH!
Too.. That what I think so RT twitterusername so pathetic mate...??bensbob: Everyone said boys? Does your mom know you're a faggot? Hah.???
When is the right time to open ang baos? HAHAHA. Maybe if open later more money will appear inside uh. HAH
Laughing so hard at this hah im sorry excuse me hehe ?? ??twitterusername Finished a bowl of instant noodles omg. Accomplishment lah???
I just got an idea. I should go buy goma sauce. And put in cold ramen. INSTANT HIYASHI CHUKA RAMEN HAH
I want to go out but just some simple chill out... But everyone seems busy.... LIFE! HAH! Shall scout on FB...
What piss me of more is the old "baby girl"...reply my text pun susah ke? Msg nari reply esok...Hah!
Anyway, thank u for the nominations. I'm not here to compete. Just for passion sake. Win or lose doesn't really matter to me. Hah.
Nonsensical, tak masok akal, sexual ask.fm questions pn nak sync to twitter. Some even look like the user sent in the qns sendiri. HAH
Go out with me for a oreo cheesecake date one day okay? hah... ??? Awe how cute.. Provided I must know you first ! :) twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername muke tk rase gatal pon??? then maybe its not mosquito. Its cockroach. Hah! Cockroach da window shopping ur face
Are you gay? Wld u mind sucking dick? Are you chinese... ??? No I'm not gay Oliver and I'd mind lol unlike you hah... twitterurl
Can you stop being a bastard about the H1Cl and you having 1 hour break? You don't see me going like HAH BITCH I WAS FROM IP right? -.-
"The one who make alot of promises to you is the one who gonna hurt you" well said my buddy hah
Everytime I go to twitterusername 's house HAH RT??twitterusername 82% teens don???t ring the doorbell. They text or call to say they???re outside.???
Oh so we, KMNS students will be having fire drill 3 times. And tonight is the 1st night. Hah kau gempak. Meninggal macam ni.
Central kuta mall is a shopping paradise. High end stuffs &  it's fckin cheap. Spend about $200++ at newlook w my aunt. Hah! ??
LOL CALM YO TITS. YEAH. HOPEFULLY I WON'T REGRET HAH "twitterusername twitterusername are you fucking serious?? YOU CUT SHORT HAIR ALR?!?!?!"
I kinda miss waking up to a text that says " aww, my princess fell asleep on me while we otp. It's ok, I know you're tired & blah3" hah
I don't really know that i have another stalker or i can say spying on us until i found out one. Hah!
Out with wet hair and no make up hah so masai but fuck it lah. Must angkat in my RJ tonight.
Hey Crush ! <3 Hmm . Saw your tweets saying your boyf... ??? Hey whoever you are. Boyfriend? Hah, he's not my boyf... twitterurl
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? ??? hah most probably a person who fix elevators.. twitterurl
It's me lah, i ask u abt the league cup the other day ??? Next time! Tell me who you are lah! Hah :) twitterurl
wah no mood to do anything hahaha just finish up Physics and then maths all the way lah cuz hah maths is fun
Wasted $150 hah. Fuck but aft party sesh w bird & amalie is fucking awesome. Lol should have buy drink & nt go to tht bloody party
I???d personally be proud Vietnam becomes first Asian country to legalise same sex marriage. Hah Americans, we whoop your ass the second time!
I think I'm whining a little too much to the Mr about my two pathetic ulcers. Until I'm being ignored. Now imagine if I had 20. HAH!
"Samsung (phones) is the best", says a person who barely knows half the functions. Hah! Pffttttt PUH-LEASE DON'T MAKE ME LAUGH ??
TKDE LINK BYE "twitterusername ??twitterusername feel like baking cakes but no onr at home would eat it. HAH??? ONR ONR ONR GO GO POWER RANGER K DIAM"
self collection di yishun ya "twitterusername Kasi aku. Hahaha ?? RT ??twitterusername feel like baking cakes but no onr at home would eat it. HAH???"
"twitterusername "twitterusername Dayana prasan sia ????" if this is for me, the girl admitted it herself HAH (;" HAHA! Smoking hot or what ????
You laugh at me cos I'm in fashion business & merchandising. Myb in the future, I'm the one whose gonna laugh at you. Hah ??
rt"twitterusername hah, k takpe. should just stop talking to u. i feel like im annoying like that."talk to the star sudah :p
This butch is living proof that money cannot buy you class. I???m cursing her family to get bankrupt suddenly. See how you live. Hah!
??twitterusername I want to watch LionsXII live but no one to watch it with.??? <- used to watch w my date & now....... zzzzz hah
2.5 gb gone hah. 0.5Gb to last me till 15 Feb. Router tolong pls qiu qiu ni, get the fuck together yo.
Hah I think we just fucked up our marketing presentation by doing it last minute while other groups were presenting. Please give us a pass!
??twitterusername twitterusername heh. Alhamdulillah. Thank u pretty. Coming from an enemy. Hahah.??? Once in awhile je i can be nice to you HAH
And so yes, got my new book from kinokuniya (I told an it's kimono hah) had dinner at botak jones and headed to yishun to catch Frankenstein
"twitterusername If I turn fucking cranky. Hah. No one will like it. I'm just trying not to be cranky here" this
I think I dread his departure back Indonesia this Sunday more than I look forward to him being in Singapore this Sunday... Hah.
I got hit by mom jn cs i didnt wanna wake up hah, mom you dont know how dead tired i feel today.
Bcz i luv yooouuu hah. Biasa babe. Since when am I not HAHA. RT "twitterusername twitterusername awww why u so sweet hehe"
Hah. See, go on making racial comments on social websites. I won't be surprised if a major racial war occurs in years to come.
Every guys/girls fav phrase "You deserve someone better." why can't it be "I won't give up on you. I'll fight fr you till the end." Hah sigh
Haha okay la hint la okay. My name start with the letter h... ??? H siapa eh? Haiya. Short term memory ni! Zzz hah :) twitterurl
Aigoo Luna-ya stop being so dorky omg i love you as much as you being so dorky like there is no tomorrow hah
Just finished watching a movie called "Blind Dating" it was totally a great movie. I laughed so much yet cried so much for it hah.
he is stupid because he is waiting for someone who probably dont like him while im here having a crush on him and im basically idiot too hah
Hah... an old friend who is 3 years older than me wants to send me his wedding invitation card. Felt happy...
Hah you guys will feel the same of cristiano comes back to old trafford celebrating his goal like that. Lucky he doesn't
when you cry do your tears all drop at once ??? Nay, depends  who are you? Why you sound so sweet? Hah. twitterurl
hah rt ??twitterusername #Gemini is a social network freak and will check for mentions, tweets, tags or notifications before going to bed!???
Bad day by justin aah I think it's my fav so far (I always say that to his songs) hah yeah
"twitterusername Man City can beat Newcastle. Chelsea can beat Man City. Newcastle can beat Chelsea. BPL's logic." businessman thinking ah hah
Chill ah guys,at least she didn't drink last night and she went for a reaso... ??? Hah! Who are you? Thanks though :) twitterurl
fav alreaadyyyyy.dont tell anyone pls,im kinda shy haha ??? There's 2 person fav that tweet. Hah! Which one are yo... twitterurl
Why never answer my qn? Just tell me still or no? ??? Wht quest? Chill ah, I'm answering it now :) hah! twitterurl
If you want a long convo w me, you must be a joker, complete idiot. Trust me. I'm a boring person. Hah
seriously? hah, then you? fucking have a bf and skived all day. gg back home late thn say to mum go study all? WHAT THE FUCK
mom was saying " bet u cant get it bc i think its 18 and abv " me " no i checked its 16 and i passed 16 HAH "
hah my dragonboat singlet tan now is so pronounced! NUS Lifeguards it is then HAHA! (not just to balance out the tan, but to get my AM too!)
Say whutttt?! Haha. It will take me forever i guess. Hah. U draw everyday? :/ RT twitterusername twitterusername 3 years (: haha you can!
HAH!! RT twitterusername I know we're not dating, but whenever I see someone else with you, I want to shoot them in the face. #tpconfessions
Dunia sepi tanpa mu.. ;D RT twitterusername Sometimes I look back at the things I did I laugh to myself and ponder, "apasal lah aku merepek!" Hah.
Lol ss?? I love ss hah which school are u frm again? ??? how cld u possibly love the one thing that drives every s... twitterurl
Hah there just can never be a guy shorter than me. The word "when" in the photo should be removed. For my case. twitterurl
Mom kept shoting at me asking me to train my voice starting now and join sg idol/anugerah wtf no mom im not gonna join those hah
You only live once bg, haha folback ah lok cerite e ni haha RT twitterusername Ap YOLO tu le'? RT gabrielgumantar: #YOLO ye ndak bg? Hah
...... Smile fading..... RT twitterusername twitterusername HAH. But once you think of JQ and CK and Zan doing the uncle spitting ah-
Yeap. Valencia, you left your man. Hah I knew it he would do that again. Stupid moyes for putting him instead of kagawa.
My logic: stay up more since I'm already up so late. Hah, pray that I won't fall asleep during tomorrow's exam.
lazing on bed and visualising how my room will look like once i have time to give it a new look. HAH
Hah RT twitterusername Iyo ??twitterusername I always see a 2uli & a Zanie on my TL but I confuse the 2. ... twitterurl
I dont know if youre sombong or jual mahal . Baru nak... ??? Huh??? What jual mahal???? so u expect me what??? hah... twitterurl
I dunno Y girls in SG worry about money for the guys. Some guys may not look or be rich but they have sources to get money. Hah!
Who am i ? Hmm ... I will fav this ? How about that ? Then u will who am i... ??? Yeah sure. You can fav this :) hah! twitterurl
Hi can i bring you out for a midnight movie? ??? Yes you can, why not? I would love to! Need for speed please. Hah... twitterurl
The sad thing is I'm too shy to tell you who I am hah... ??? Why are you shy? Don't be :) talk soon to whoever you... twitterurl
HAH!RT twitterusername itspeachypink name of her class oso xplains which part of her future hubs that will have prob with her name too lol
Tbh , i dont know you but i guess you're the mc for t... ??? Hah! Erm.. yes! Bad hor? :/ Btw, may I know who are you? twitterurl
What is missing in your life that would make you very... ??? Maybe, a companion? Hah. Ok nah, money. HAHAHA idk ac... twitterurl
Hah, feel you la bro!!! "twitterusername It's sad when you realize you aren't as important to someone as you thought you were."
Hah whatevs, arsenal made my night with 3 points add up closing them with man city. Gunners fight for a better rank aite!
Stopped having sex altogether. Hah, you think we have sex right after going home with someone you passionately meet in a club? Please.
Kalau nak f21 ? GET IT TAK FOREVER 21 HAH IM SO CUTE RT twitterusername Taklah, f12 RT twitterusername Try not to get f9 ah for the test hahah
So long since I chat with twitterusername continuously without her replying super late. Hah, miss those days we chat at night (':
Annoying shameer is annoying ???? stopped my studies just to wait for his reply and....... This is what I get. Hah twitterurl
"twitterusername I bet the mc talking, out what ingredients all and wish the table ridzwan and unu don't even give a shit hahaha" ya sia hah
If i nvr reply u, dnt tell me ure gonna make a big fuss bout it and tell my dad again HAH....geeeez youre sucha an annoying prick
Its either you read it before you sleep or you read it when you wake up hah tengok la macam mana
Hah, I don't think you'll like me. I'm so... urghh! Maybe one day. :)... ??? Just tell me :( what sch ya from? twitterurl
Please don't ask for my twitter please please. She better not search for me here. Hah. Awkward lah kawan. Kita baru kenal sehari.
Iknow this is random but to tell u the truth, i da agak tt these will happen. Hah. U guys dont need friend like her lah twitterusername
Well anyway its day 3 of being home alone. Hah, i dont see why the f ppl would like to live w/o parents man
Don't give me crappy answers like "oh this is not me, this is karma" hah fuck you its just you okay
Give her some time? Hah bloody hell some time with him? Then why am i here for? Fuck might as well let go
Hah "PlusMatra: [INFO] A fan said she saw Luhan, Baekhyun & Chen went out today. Baekhyun had some pimples on his face. v/canyeol"
Jgn mcm ni wei RT twitterusername serious takda semangat nak main netball. tadi pun practise mcm apa aje, hah what's wrong with me
??twitterusername I know someone, katanya nama dia jajafndy RT twitterusername You can never just be friends with someone you fell in love with??? hah??
??twitterusername Haha she dont dare mention you is tat true Mai? Hafiz fierce sejak bila hah  twitterusername i'm a werewolf la please
Woah woah Girl's Day's sexy comeback..... too much >< ahahaha but im half glad they're not being all cutesy and stuff hah
don sad laaa hehe.. dun care them eh i like th way you answer all the stupid questions hah... ??? Okay thank you hehe twitterurl
??twitterusername Ohioisonfire's lyrics is ringing in my head as I read tweets about Austin. Hah lol okay.??? Why not maryisonfire k bye
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Waaahhh really wanna go town sia today ccb??? cheyyy dah maju sehh. Dah jadi towner sehhhh??? abg towner hah
Before lesson, teacher ownself wana waste time to check our grooming so what's the point blaming us for wasting her time? Laughs? Hah.
A little catch-up with twitterusername at my hse earlier. This little kid is forever annoying but i will still luv you. HAH
Hah! Could be worse.... You could of pulled your pant... ??? okay that's enough i dont want anyone to think different twitterurl
Tapi semenjak dengan joe kan.... Been telling him every single thing ah. Maybe what i was trying to tell was to my past people. Hah
I finally see HDB building! Hah Reaching Woodlands after a 1hr+ bus ride instead of the usual half hr ride. Thanks to the Stupid road blocks
"RT !haha have A GREAT DAY:)twitterusername hah afternoon! RT twitterusername "twitterusername Oh ya good morning btw :)"morning to you too:)"
Sorry abang habies kerja lambat nari RT twitterusername "twitterusername HAH HAHHHH RT twitterusername Thank god i have a cat" DIAM AH CPT BALEK!!!!!!! ?
Hah Firhan didnt go to sch today and he met me after i finished my elective module and we went to tampines t twitterurl
Honestly, I miss being in a relationship. Hah, ya know those arguments, camwhoring sesh, surprises & sweet dates. Sigh OK LAH SORRY EMO MODE
It's Monday. I've OB class in 7 hours' time. Hah great start to my week -.- it's gonna be quite a busy week for me.
i dont even wanna see you, but ive got tons of questions to ask hah, we'll see if i can stand seeing ur face.
crazy idea but whatever who knows one day i become suddenly rich for some unfathomable reason. HAH. i'd make that show happen for fun.
Saw this ITE girl wearing tight uniform and her chest button look like gonna explode any mins if her chest expand. Hah! If u knw what i mean
I???d personally be proud Vietnam becomes first Asian country to legalise same sex marriage. Hah America, we whoop your ass the second time!
The only thing that could possibly make me feel better right now is probably a call or text from you.... Hah
I dream of having my own cattery. But what are the chances of that ever coming true hah money money money.
??twitterusername I heard someone knocking on my door...........but hah cock la??? fuck you bell, don't tweet creepy stuff pls I beg you??
??twitterusername They are fumigating my area, habis ah lipas everywhere. Omg ?????????HAH YOUR BED IS GOING TO BE FULL WITH LIPAS!
I swear i miss late night calls. & ya know, "it's ok, I'm not sleepy. Continue talking" "no, if you love me you sleep!" Fights. Hah
Keep guessing who:-P,  1.91m tall, plays rugby, anime fan......guess I gave too much hints lo... ??? Hah! I know!! :3 twitterurl
"twitterusername I don't know why on earth did I chose landscape designing for careers day." chose the same hah and idk wth is that u_u
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername All you had to do is tickle him and he shit his pants??? who? Big Al?" Yeah! Hah??? lol grosss!
Won't die la. Just that Singapore will have another p... ??? I was nearly late to take my house shuttle ugh :( hah... twitterurl
WADANIA AND I ARE LOYAL ENOUGH TO KEEP THE DPs. HAH twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername but imma change it already I guess >:D
#19 GENTLEMEN. HAH. Hello prettygirl. I miss you alot! We need to hang out more often! I miss laugh at ur sick jokes and teasing teachers!
Haha, whatever name that you want to call. or maybe you should try, Amirul Faiz bin Anuar bin Abd Ghani bin Ismail. Hah ? haha.
"twitterusername "twitterusername What I don't understand is how a person can tell you so many lies and never feel bad about it."" Hah this
How do you girls want a guy to propose to you? ??? I prefer my someone special give me a surprise proposal. Hah!... twitterurl
Happy 18th Birthday twitterusername hope u had the greatest birthday evaarrr! hah & congrats getting tgt w my gay partner twitterusername last long :-)
Why will I regret if I got a crush on you? ??? Idk. Hah cos I feel insecure all the time! :) twitterurl
Who do you think has the most swag in Silat? ??? Does myself count? Hah, i actually dont know. Erm, i'll my homie,... twitterurl
Yeah,I got problem that make me confused RT twitterusername R u sad ? RT twitterusername Never bored to listen this song,too touch my heart hah
i always compare myself with other guys hoping that i'll be better than them but hah i'm a piece of shit
Yknow.. if you like me ill literally never realize it until you tell me "I like you" and even then im still not sure.. Hah!
u want describe twitterusername one a not ??? ok lor describe ba yandao lor shuai ge I see already I meltzxczxc HAH... twitterurl
So locking yr phone with whatsapp on still shows u're online and exiting the app will show yr last seen hah i know hehe
Bcos i was sitting all alone and his friends was like "lets go ask her number only" haha but then...i was going towards the bike already HAH
I dont even know why im watching the F1 race right now hah cos it's gonna Red Bull dominating the race
It's 16:37 and I just have my first coffee for the day. My head is back in shape now, hah!
Last day of the holidays oh well it has been an eventful one HAH no it hasn't who am i kidding
haha the next time im gg for my heart scan im so dead hah my doctor is going to kill me
So turns out that might not be the last show for the year. There might just be another one. Hah. K.
"twitterusername wtf reject 5 guys means i'm a slut? hah fucker do physically see me having sex -.-" reject means not tgt la alamak
I cant imagine how life without him yknow. I cried sia when he join army knowing that ARMY COULD KILL PPL. Hah.
Hah you ppl should be the one who grows up -.- STOP T... ??? and I'm sure you're saying this to my haters right? t... twitterurl
I learn from this that, during hard times u can only count on urself and no one else... friends? hah! They come and go.
Kak nor was surprised to see me with a box of cupcakes when i appeared at her door, HAH & firaas cute gila pls
What is the best news you could hear right now? ??? Me getting back w my previous date. Hah but impossible. So yeah twitterurl
Lol @ u. So you're the one who's been putting her through shit. Hah go suck elephant dick bitch ass motherfucker. Your existence annoys me.
It's so nice to have a guy to take me on a real date and act like a gentleman. Hah ok dream on
You i want to say all those hurtful words to you ? Hah no think again uh all those words and hurtful things you did to me
I didnt volunteer sey. Hah. Im trying my best to do my post well but... hais RT twitterusername haha! I see. Somebody producer seyyy
Hmm let's talk serious here. Fuck you. That's a serious thing. Cause you're being a fucktard and fucking things up. Fuvker. HAH
Mmm i think i wanna cut my hair, stick to short. Long hair or short hair. Doesnt make any difference anyway... Imma still be single af. Hah.
Can i contact you thru fone? ??? Errrrr idk. Hah! Sorry idk what's wrong w me. I'm just not int w anybody. Just wa... twitterurl
See. Thank me for probing questions. Hahaha.. RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername hah that means bedok got 3. Forgot abt taqua! Haha
so today is fuck up day. One by one ruining my day. Hah, nah nvm just go on fucking up my day
fir's sister gave me some unused clothes. and then...... being impromptu,the both of us is gg to old woodlands to do some mini shoppg hah
Admit it Ahmad it's the best camp tee you've had! hah... ??? And also the most latest camp tee i've received xD #A... twitterurl
although daniel don't tweet that often but i know you are online, scrolling and judging ppl hah am i genius yet
No point bring you down. You are already down there. Dgn family sendiri pon lei maki hamon pat twitter. You're already that low. Hah!
Who did you last say ??I love you??? to? ??? Swear to God I cant remember when it is. I guess about 4 months ago. Hah... twitterurl
"twitterusername Its stupid how you miss someone that maybe doesn't even bother about you. HAH. Stupidity level x 10000 la ainul"
i wish i was in a whatsapp group that doesn't ignore what i have to say and make me feel like we're family . hah .
Are you planning to have your own store in Arab stree... ??? Arab st? Hah! How I wish. God willing! I'm not sure t... twitterurl
Does your dad only plays football? what about other s... ??? His a sepak takraw player too. Hah but his interest i... twitterurl
awesome ppl in sec 3(7 ppls) ??? me myself and i :') no but really i like my batch alot bc everyone is awesome HAH... twitterurl
the awkward moment of passing in front of someone frm the past and nt knowing whether to acknowledge or ignore, HAH
I think i should post kindle fire hd on facebook as my birthdaylist. Cause last year i post a pic of polaroid , my cousins bought me tht hah
Lol hah! twitterusername You wear KIDDIES clothes tsek man RT twitterusername Lol do u feel good abt urself after tweeting such lies to the mass?
My phone hates me. Everytime it got stucked, i'd take out my batt and put it back. Hah then from 50% to 15% wow :') </3
"He played me during the whole year he's with me" Hah bij i loved you so dearly and sincerely during those year kau yang tak appreciate
Single and using your piety to get girls. Married and will use your piety to get another wife HAH LOL thats you
Hahahaha stupid sia too much playing in PE during my sec 2 days and i fell down face first and my left cheekbone cracked hah stupid me
finally last 2.4 run for hockey training. ain't gonna do that shit anymore thank goodness I did well. Fred can't say anything now hah
Ur goodie is that cheap? Hah! ??twitterusername You deserve this goodie, even though it's less than R50"twitterusername I got u lover ;) ??Olwethu
Full timers have to complete 44hrs a week so 1month 176hrs, i work extra 21hrs but still tk dpt ot hah eh thanks
This indian fella hah , im barely hit you la pundeh , why the fck you wearing black in the night , you well known you're dark .
Friday night? Partying? Why not you go Arab street w me, hookah sesh, teh tarik & pattaya at KGC. Sounds good? Hah
I wish i hve someone whom I'm able to let it out too w/o getting annoyed w/ my rants & etc. Hah
I just write them my idea... omg.... I hope I'm not the only one who thinks that would be rly cool as a team hah...~~ ;A;
that little girl is too much. bought her tibits. knape u cute sgt? mcm dulu aku kecik2. lebih kurang.  Hah. diam!
Hah actually i will feel sad if its the end for most of the dramas that i watched. Kalau cerita no ending kan best.
HAH RT ??twitterusername "twitterusername Am I the only male foot fetishist here in TP who is attracted to girls' feet? #tpconfessions" Billy sim???
When we're done, don't picked on my flaws or past. Cos if you did, you're the bloody moron not me. Hah
JIHYO :X HAH RT twitterusername On what kind of girls KJK likes, he mentioned he likes girls with medium hair, big eyes and no glasses. #KJKinSG
How you look so cute now compared to when you are in sec s... ??? Eat alot, it makes me happy and cute I think hah :( twitterurl
From buddha claps? Hah! RT twitterusername Not even asleep yet but im already starting to feel the muscle cramps on my shoulder.
You with your "business". You with your "No time". hah,are you done hurting me?i know you have another girl la k.
Ask you to guess already. Your guessing skills sucks ... ??? Tsk, you do realise that it can be anybody right. HAH... twitterurl
My bf's twitter la hah"twitterusername Ok sorry vanishing in process......... "twitterusername I already blocked her but she still appears. Whatever""
Haha you more cuter. I ingat u got kinect at home tats y boleh practice. Hah... ??? No lah thats my first try.. Heheh twitterurl
From what i see, i have never gotten a crush to be my boyf bfr ok i dont understand what im saying hah
You like Safar hah... ??? No? He already have Gf already. Aiyoo... He treat me like his own lil sister only :)... twitterurl
Hah people nowadays just don't know how to mind their own business . . neighbour oh neighbour . . why u so so so so tettttttttttttttttttttt
Hah my mum boght KFC for me and i can't even eat it all. Makan only some fries and that's it. Asal niiiii!!! I'm pissed off
I think,its wrong when you ask a "friend" to help you out wit somethin then they leave you for guys. Hah. #SloppyAF . Gtfo.
I wanna run in my undies at night on the street! Hah RT twitterusername More tours this year & its this year that we will be seeing Europe! STOKED!
Laugh like hell sia the both of us. Hah! Until mum brought the rotan wanna cane us both cos laughing so loud but miss. We ran. Hahahaha!
Hah... Cant sleep... Having mix thoughts and feelings which angers me... I don't want to get angry cause i don't like it too...
And all my gay friends are way better looking than the straight ones....but no all my guy friends are handsome.. Hah!
for the past few years you didn't even celebrated my bday with me. hah, this year also no exception I guess. it dont matter anymore
I SO STRESS I HAVENT EVEN START STUDYING haha maybe i did a little ah AND THIS COMING MONDAY IS BEH TEST HAH k nak shower pai
How I wish I've got a boyfriend whose currently serving the nation now, I would love to watch ah boys to men 2 with him. Hah
When you see a group of guys walking in the mall.....there's only one thing they're doing. Hah only guys know this.
You care about my shit? Hah. Where were you when i tengah cebok? Or forgot to flush and my shit is still there? Where? When i terkencet?
Would u fall for a guy who will give u food everyday? ??? LOL like that I would fall in love with alot of guys HAH... twitterurl
Miss my 2 sketchbooks already. (And no not the poly module ones). I still have them but gave up drawing, hah. Kinda miss drawing.
Hah! Okay. My bitch mode is so on?? And honestly, I don't even care if I hurt his feelings this time. Annoying sia??
Cutest girl! ??? Can you people like stop asking this question. My baby is still the cutest! never doubt that! hah... twitterurl
I don't like any of my relatives following me in any social sites ew NO they'll eventually complain to my parents hah
What is your favorite way to spend some time alone? ??? Hmm doing hw (sometimes) play phone watch tv sleep eat HAH... twitterurl
you dont expect miley to be hannah so as u dont expect urself to be like what u r during pri sch days hah
Hah did well for my N but.. what i've got is a course that Im not interested in. Oh wells, blame myself for expecting too much.
it's basically singapore. Hah RT twitterusername Either stuck in camp or busy at work. What the shit is this growing up rubbish.
I see then when is the next payday? Can endure till t... ??? yeah I shall do that hahaha. on the night of 11th hah... twitterurl
"judge someone negatively while u dnt even look at the mirror to see ur flaws which are the same hah stop judging, nobody perfect"
I love my grandmother. Left me a cup of birdnest in the fridge and told me not to let my grandfather see it hah
What happen between u & your date? Why are you being ... ??? Urm, I'm fine though. Hah! Nothing happen, I guess? N... twitterurl
Uncle "whatya wanna be?" Me "can i be a kindergarten tcher in the morn, fashion designer in the aftnooon & DJ at night?" Hah
There's diff types of ppl on my TL. flirting w each other thru mentions, hash tag & numbs, post a ghost pic w deceiving caption. Hah
And since then i'll never ever send any guy off to camp alone knowing that i'll most probably end up lost. Alone. Haha. Hah...
You first called me and we were already quarrelling abt me "k-ing" you hah. I still rmbr everything like it was ystd
describe Ali j lah ??? Ali J is one of the badass brother. Such a good friend to me and he also like to dance! Hah... twitterurl
hah i'm not thinking highly of you. haha talking to y... ??? It is but I'm slightly more quiet in real life becaus... twitterurl
your face is so funny HAHAHAHA i mean it looks like th... ??? my face looks friendly? HAH WHAT okkk thanks????? Uhmmm twitterurl
"twitterusername Some cab drivers think that we are stupid, not knowing about the short cut way to our destination HAH."THIS HAHA
Wuv is the new love. Sku is the new school. Oh okay. I wuv sku. Nope tak make sense. But its okay. Hah.
Instead of that shit,he'll be like "partying tonight? Tkcr princess! Don't be naughty! Eh, whose tht? Ur guyfriend? :)" at least better. Hah
Do u know about the Kiwi? ??? No I still don't. And now I know who's been asking me alot of questions ALFIAN!! HAH... twitterurl
What do you think of Jamal? :) ??? Hmm good at drawing! Looks kinda blur and fierce but actually very friendly hah... twitterurl
I love it when i dont need to bring my laptop to school everyday. Bcos my laptop is a fat ass like me. Hah
Why can't they ask y'all so politely "hi young man, sorry uncle very old, can i hve ur seat pls?" Instead of scolding y'all or etc. hah
Stumble onto an article. Slashing case again. Hah, dude holding a parang doesnt grow inches to your dick. It shorten it.
Cotton on just called me. I have training this Thursday. OMG nervous. Cos I'm working alone. Hah can i not go...
tbh i miss all those people whho used to be close to me but hah people change and feeling fade right? what can i do?
Do you consider yourself a creative person? ??? Im from 5/6 creative when im in primary school. So yeah maybe? HAH... twitterurl
Hah well, thank you? I guess we part here (batt low) until next time.... ??? lol until next time, goodnight stranga twitterurl
Hmmm. When u perform with ur old crew at school perfo... ??? hah lol i remembered tht but pls stop. i knw who u r alr twitterurl
Babe twitterusername have you listen to Cola by lana del rey? Thats the old one i think. Try to check the lyric either.. The first line. Hah
i've run out of games to mention in RJ already, hais. because i don't play games in the first place. hah.
Why do i always hear soooooo many kinds of stories about sengkang areas ah? Thank goodness i dont reside there, HAH
Didnt went to library today.. So I stayed at home watch Taiwan dramas and folding straw hearts & stars hah lifeless bitxh.
Definitely an ambivert. I don't know why but an image of an amber beaver just popped in my head. Hah my mind's filled with eccentric things.
??twitterusername omg I know this is random but I miss twitterusername blog!!!!!!!! HAHAHAH (fail English here lolsie)??? hah i got blog back recently!
caught my sister copying songs from my laptop. Hah! finally it's rubbing off on her! No more 1D and Justin Bibir
"twitterusername My tutor Mr Mukesh decided to call me Carl instead of Zully or Zul. So awkward but nah its still my name anyway." iCarly ke hah
Someone should bring me to kiddy palace on my birthday and get me a hulk & iron man mask hah. or power rangers too maybe. idk.
Bump into an old pri sch friend hajar & one of the guy who had a tattoo on his forehead at the busstop. Hah igt siapa. Lol
So its Kiera Jacob or Khairiyana Jacob... haha. Its supposed to be Jacobs laaaaa!! Hah! Psycho my son change name la! Lol!
What is the first things u want do after os ??? SLEEEEEEEEP. Oh and I'm wondering whether I should dye my hair hah... twitterurl
Omg! Hahaha that's not a typo but more of a forgot to put in my words hahah too tired i guess hah
HAHAHA who got Chen Haixu for Character Design?! HAH. ENJOY HIS DRAWING CLASSES. I've never been happier to have Shaun Tay! :3
I used to think poly was the easier choice and have the easier life hah i was so dumb back then
Hahaha i always do that hah RT twitterusername always be yourself and if people don't like it be yourself some more to piss them off
Can contact with you or you got somebody else? ??? I've got no contact. Don't wanna risk my heart again. Hah! twitterurl
You've never treated me right and you expect me to treat you like as if you're the king hah fuck hell no
Guys chinese and op has fried my brain. HAHA flat minor sharp major ah hah i have lost touch with the musical world
hah so I made a thing twitterurl Steve's open awe and admiration for Natasha as she jumps off fearlessly and gracefully ;___;
Im not the guy you are looking for la ??? Hah, I just wanna know who you are! Nothing wrong about that :) twitterurl
Arsenal against liverpool, fans steady no fight. Who menang be proud siapa kalah accept like a man. Arsenal against Man U? Let's see. Hah
Everyone have to put up with your attitude, your bitch fit, your emotional wreck but you cant even stand one. Hah.
Sekali dapat surat NS Muhd Azhari u've been enlisted to The League Of Shadows hah 2 years time aku jadi Batman u all cn die
trying my best to control my temper. no point getting angry because of you im just wasting my own time hah
My playlist so basi already hah. ever since everything in my iTunes was lost... Malas nak update. Tapi complain playlist basi. #mywayoflife
Lol my step mum started selling el marino blanc thingy. I don't dare to sell it unless I've try it. Is it really good? Hah
Fuxk! Why do i even bother to? Like what u expect me to be BFF with ur sister in law ke hah abang?? Pek sia
TGIF thou. Aiyo nvm la! Yeah true same old Friday Lol >< ??? Hah. So, ofc not expecting gifts. Anyway, it isn't an... twitterurl
The term COE is overrated. Some say expensive! RT twitterusername twitterusername Hah but unfair leh.. Like a Primary Sch team vs a C Div team..
Not logic eh. You want me to put some sense into you is it? twitterusername uh hah you know what it is!
at first i was wondering what's that ball but now, it is all clear. it is SWEET, SALTY and A TINGE OF BITTERNESS. like love? HAH STUPID
Princess, i adore you ??? Aww you addressed me as princess! Who are you? :) why adore me? Hah! I'm not special at ... twitterurl
Dont you feel 'lonely'? ??? Being single ? HAH . Pffft no.. yes maybe once in awhile but im still independent by m... twitterurl
hah i swear the silence on tumblr is scary. im so used to the swearings and murdering of footballers. today got nth
What's special about that tshirt? Washes itself? Glow in the dark? RT twitterusername twitterusername hah tak ar this is another level. "Hypebeast" punye
Hah new slippers for me since mine kinda got stolen . Nice lady and guy at the counter . Love these part timers
Well got yourself a new girl ? ??? Hah! Well, I think this time I'll go by trust. Cos' No one ever did mean their ... twitterurl
So u got lepak with skinheads before  :O ??? Nono! But I know 1, which is my senior. Hah & my ex boyfriend is a ru... twitterurl
Hah?njir._.RT twitterusername ._.RT twitterusername Your mind can sense someone staring at you even while asleep. Which explains why you randomly
"Why I am not proud to be Singaporean" is a good video cause she's brutally honest but her cleavage is just a distraction fr me. Hah
I bought my food n overheard the aunty seller angry. So i decided to step up and asked,"why so angry? Hah" she blushed,"heh ya lor, nth."
Yes. Gosip baru di dojang...RT twitterusername Wah wira falling in love season 2?  "twitterusername Hah... this heart beat so fast...""
what's that black thing you wear on your leg? ??? compression tights!! it helps my muscles to "warm up" faster hah... twitterurl
Ive alr done my best. I knew it. Ppl around me knew it too. You knew or not, idk. Hah life fucked man omg headache alr
will you date a girl who is younger,older or same age... ??? all??? as long as she is not too young like 12-13 hah... twitterurl
hah this riot will go on sg history uh, having it on social studies textbook ha ha but not an event to be proud of
I need someone to talk too at night, the one who can stand all my nonsensical talk & etc. sigh mana nak dapat hah
Parents are the same la fk say you don't mind about results. Hah wait till u see their faces u literally feel like screaming
to the anon,HAH ??twitterusername #Sagittarius can be a charmer when happy and friendly. Sometimes people think they're flirting when not.???
Hah! The batsmen are not scared of taking a fast run, our fielders are scared of picking up the damn ball. =/
saw you smoking jn. dont know if you recognise me hah... ??? Oh you're the lady with bomba singapura shirt right h... twitterurl
do you ever want to be in a relationship? I'm just asking. ??? Hah, thank you for asking tho. Ofcos i do. :) twitterurl
Hah what a funny. You don't have to post anything after i scold you. I get depressed and emotional. I get mad for my own right tho. Thanks
Idk why but whenever i think about all the good & bad times we had, I feel like there's smth punching my heart. hah
And if that , f(x) successfully turned their fans gay coz they being known for having a lot of fangirls hah ? Aishhh
i'm gonna force myself go to school tomorrow and i wanna see whether they care cause if not i'm speechless hah so much for a "family"
When you feel so tired of living you just want to end your life but you know you shouldnt feel that way. Yeah. NO I STILL LOVE ME. Hah :)
What i do when ppl prank call me is to save their number then look at whatsapp to see their photo. Hah. Walao whr u get my number pfft
When i misplace my phone, people return it, bf help me call the person. Now its my turn t call the person. Hah we are meant t be tgt lol
"twitterusername so easy!!U wnt HD?Whn watch the movie,just put HD at the side hah get it? HD at the side!"let's give him a round of applause
i saw F at adm foodcourt but... i decided to walk away instead of saying hi. on another note, he's no longer cute like he was in clem. hah
So funny when i did nothing wrong w u people yet u all so "bestoffriends" tag team and try to ruin what i have. KIMAK KRG FREE PE SIAL. HAH
Although you're not in a r/s, its surprising how you can change dates quickly. Are you doing a trial & error to find a good bf or smtg? Hah.
I just put my phone away and folded my arms and my dad asked "Okay tak ? Merajuk ngan boyf eh ? Or got bad news ?" Gee gotta love my dad hah
I was on fb and I saw this person looking for black frame specs w no degree and his name is ceteris paribus i think he mug maec too hard HAH
Night Shift finish at 8am tmr morning. Then I've to report to HTA at 10am in the morning and straight away go meet A. Hah I can die already!
Wth i saw Gary on TV. Hah good thing his no. 1 fan didn't see that. Bet he'd be ranting all abt The Great Gary being on CNA, lol.
Hah. Some people are plain funny. You ask me out on a date, but then I found out you have a gf. Thank god I didn't agree to it.
He thinks hes the only one who can speak a dialect and annoy me cz I cant understand hah. My mother has taught me dialects too, you old man.
Now i wonder. Why did i want to go nursing in sec3. Yes help people. But i always make mistakes. Hah. I probably didnt knw what i want to do
Hah! RT twitterusername hungry djs that tel the whole city they in town and they want gigs smh nw we got the same dj in EVERY Club this sat
If my family is planning to go for a hol trip with the Kas clan, im telling you im gonna shout @ their faces and leave the house. hah lol no
I feel like giving up on you. I think maybe i should? U did that and its not wrong for me but when i did it, its wrong? Hah.
Why are japanese so funny hah?! And it takes 6 days to get to 20 cities in japan by highway buses. Japan is defo on the to do list one day!
He said I am making up excuses to run away from committing myself because I  am selfish and do not want to get out of my comfort zone. HAH!
Some say that Lit actually broadens your mind. Hah what a load of crap. U know what it really does? It makes u CONFORM 2 all sorts of ideas.
Hah. Imma smile for the whole day. Idk why but I am so in the mood right now. No one is allowed to ruin me. I repeat. NO ONE.
it's a song about a dad watching his son growing up.... what a heart warming song <3 my dad loved this song to bit. he must love me then HAH
The moment when i see a ytss bball junior & im wearing the old #teamytss tee & she has the confused look on her face bc she nv c me b4. Hah!
i mean like it's nice and all but it's not THAT nice like i expected it to be nicer but it wast HAHAHA but I do like it not that I don't hah
01 - HAHA YOU ._. Kiddin' hah. A good friend and a good singer! Very funny at times and you are v gd looking! See you on th last wk of hols!
Sleeping till so shuang in the mrt and it's my station alrd, so lazy to move my ass up. Just feel like sitting all the way to Marina bay hah
If a girl and a boy had a fight to see who was stronger and the boy won, what would he say to her as she l... ??? HAH twitterurl
