Har har har please -.-
#MentionSomeoneCute twitterusername har har har
I've not been studying well enough I guess har har har har har har.'
Gelapnya twicon. Har har har
Bestf ajak gy town. Har har har.
Whatsapp study group har har har.
Voice of KLMU? Har har har
spam twitter puas2 har har har
Eat clean fail har har har .
Outfield and im sleeping. Har har har
HAR HAR HAR RT twitterusername MESSIng twitterurl
Late for school again. Har har har!!
shouldn't im happy too,har har har
That awkward moment when my name also got Amira. Har har har har har
har har har i found wifi again :')
Dying my hair now.. Har har har..
white girl problems.......................har har har
Short girls adorable? Har har har ??
Jaejoong's thigh gap har har har twitterurl
Tampines by 8 har har har. #JANJIAFRINA
Tampines to boon lay. Har har har
Time to hack. Har har.
Cheyy feeling feeling HAR HAR
Ken eye haz the invisible spray paint? Har har har.
first time trying this style har har har twitterurl
#ThereIsADifferenceBetween pisang goreng and goreng pisang. Har har har :p
You can kiss your puwit. Har har har
I unfriend you at Facebook already! HAR HAR HAR
wo har har remember this
Har har har okay not going out today backbone hurts
Yay dah lepas presentation! Confident je har har har
Braided my hair into pigtails har har har.
sleeping with a broken heart tonight. Har har har.
I need a new book har har har
Leaving house with a Reindeer nose today HAR HAR HAR.
Downloading BBM on android. Lai lai. Har har har
Finally, I've finished my borang soal selidik. HAR HAR HAR HAR :p
hopefully I manage to wake up early later on. har har har har :3
har har har har, damn someone is going crazy about japanese.
I get what you are trying to hint me. Har har har har.
hashas instead of har har.
Exactly two days ever since har har har
look who???s assuming right now? har har har wtf
Its my family . Har har har. Gelak dgr lgu ni.
Jadi Jack the Ripper dalam GTA har har har
Free bus ride to Central har har har
but no i am a changed woman Har haR Har
Spamming his whatspp. har har :P
At Baybeats Powehouse now har har
pitch perfect wont get old har har
sharyl go to playground already. har har.
Har har bye lah tired really
So much for effort har har
I completed the game har har *uninstall*
Still have to cook. har har
But i care about you. Har har.
Can we be friends har har twitterusername
See what I did there har har
Tak habis2 kene IU inspection. Har har.
My mention full of twitterusername . ?? Har har .
Cute guys kills us girls ?? har har
lol im so fucking ugly har har
Har har that was only round one
Not asleep since yesterday again. Har har
Last yr reached at 7.45am har har
Har har its been so long guvk
??twitterusername "twitterusername I Fucking Love Spiders With A Passion!" You doooo??? Oh Har Har Har ??
Omw to 517 now. Sleeping late today as if tmr no sch. Har har har
What time is the last train leaving from Pasir Ris? Har har har.
Become voldemort better, no nose. Means no flu at all har har har
Har har har saw that eye thing you did to me GOTCHA
No guy should ever cry....... Especially for me. Har har har.
Raya balik kampung and line macam har har har. you're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
So many celebrities here but im too lazy to find them har har har
What do you say during awkward silences? ??? Har har har ?? twitterurl
Papa kbkp at me while i was driving ?? har har har
Your bigboss wil coming home har har har??twitterusername somebody will back home tomorrow.???
because i love pink and green so much har har har twitterurl
"twitterusername urge to watch running man har har har" i know you want it :-)
Look what twitterusername send me xD Zaman year 1 HAR HAR HAR XD twitterurl
I'm sorry, but that's not funny. You are actually look fool to me. Har har har
Har har har ni laa orang sampah pergi just for the sake of going.
What is my sister doing at my store har dee har har
I should've taken a selfie with the dude. Har har har.
Egg + Mayonnaise with bread for breakfast and of course not tetek lah guise . HAR HAR HAR
Ryan Higa's Harlem Shake is the cutest Harlem Shake har har har. Ok
Okayyy offline twitter batery kong lupe bwak usb har har har
See how positive i am right now. HAR HAR HAR K.
When did i start laughing like that? Like, HAR HAR HAR, when did I  ??...
Here at home, sinking my face into my pillow. Work? What work? HAR HAR HAR.
Idk whats the meaning of patah hati already,har har har harrrrs
Kental lah my winger, legs give way after 3 days je har har har.
I just love reading fanfic with Eunhyuk as a girl. Har har har dont judge me
Good at advicing people. Failed at advicing myself. Har har har.
Way to go, your life so interesting right now. Har har har
Today you give flowers and tomorrow the flowers rosak already! Har har har!
Never watch movie in school library before ?? wonder how it feels like . Har har har
Are you dating anyone? ??? Dating? Who would date me? Har har har twitterurl
I really think I look cute today har har har diam
ya la since when was I even important in your life. har har har
saw an old friend and he said i big already har har har ???
hope that this trip will ease off all the anger inside me har har har
Awkward. Har har har. 'Cause my mom was in front of me when he called xb
I can see that i'm the only want yang semangat cakap macam gitu. Har har har..
Guess what, im still not asleep. Har har
Good morning! Slept pretty late yest har har
Still havent bath since just now. Har har.
Next team eliminated, confirm plus chop Arsenal. Har har.
Just go and find other girls . Har har ??
??twitterusername twitterusername har har not funny firhan??? joking baby
Saw my cousin jn n mnl har har
Later work till 11 pastu happy hour har har
Laughing at all the audio notes ?? har har
??twitterusername twitterusername GWS bij!! :)??? aww ~ thanks bitch :3 har har .
does my twitcon look hipsterish lol har har
mummy found lighter in my wallet har har.
Im doing my art tomorrow then. Too lazy har har
so much love for that song har har
ina first time pakai contact lense. har har.
Currently on my laptop now tweeting har har...
& she will be my cute chubby2 tabby2 bombom. Har har.
Forcing myself not to fall in love.. But, har har
i miss having u on top of me har har
Ghost with multiple red dots. Har har so funny.
Har har my nenek i want cry alr. Goodnight
I bought myself a Batman mask har har
i laugh at my own stupidity at times. har har.
Working at 11 and i just woke up har har
I won her two races in luge har har loser
Then mum, gave me money to buy it later. har har har
My shawl is too short so ....... BEHOLD! THE FATS. Har har har
??twitterusername twitterusername ?????? You're smart. I'm sure you know.??? Har har har email me the qns? 126887
The probability of red balls to black balls.... Har har har I forgot the formula
Enough w politics har har har kembali ke tweet jiwang. Eh?
Wow you're on telly now. Just who I need to see right now. Har har har.
Now Justin Timberlake can sing Mirrors to me har har har!
Work at 10pm har har har you're gonna be zombified by tomorrow irsyad
McDonalds, City Square, JB. Waiting for le fiancee har har har ok bye twitterurl
The fact that Amaths is a killer paper and I actually pass Amaths har har har
Omg I can't believe you have abs ! ??? har har twitterurl
Finallyyyyyyyyyy i can rest in peace. Har har
Having trouble sleeping. Why I'm not suprised har har
Who even said anything about trying my luck? Har har
Make up to school?bitch please har har
I'm just a nobody to people. Har har
So tomorrow last period is CS . Har har
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername you two needs to maintain ??????? ?? har har.
I don't indirect bro lol. Everybody knows that har har
Whaddya know. I havent slept since yesterday. Har har.
Don omar - zumba. I miss the mass cal. Har har
I guess what i thought was right har har.
can i throw this ip5 n get ip5s....... har har
Har har tony tan only 9 people fav so funny
i really should sleep rn right. har har
8 more hour. Har har. Im bored. Zzzzz
#achievement for me to stay at home today. Har har.
Im still not used to being called Haiqal. Har har.
So gonna be late for school. Har har.
Yes, I need to accept the fact. Har har.
you yourself also change. Har har ?? don't say me.
I'll be dyin in school sleeping .. Har har
So i didnt went to work just now. Har har.
I just love your shirt , short so much. Har har.
yestrd night was like a dream. har har. :')
Bored to death har har please save me
At work already. Terserempak dgn dad otr. Har har.
Har har so many funny pictures in my phone today ????????????????
Somebody showing off his muscle?? har har  twitterurl
I don't know what to tweet har har
Har har, shall bring extra money to sku. Hew hew
"Got kicked out of the hotel" HAR HAR
Need to change my number on my birthday har har
I love sch on wed only har har
and when its me, i'll get scolding har har
Lose appetite, better than on diet har har
one more month to pop. har. har. twitterurl
Got alot of titties on my timeline. Har har.
I just finished mine ! Har har har RT twitterusername #RosesAreRedVioletsAreBlue I have many assignments how about you
Yeah who would have thought that I would have the same birthdate with my boss. Har har har
Awwww (I'm jealous har har har) RT twitterusername My one year anniversary with my beloved twitterusername twitterurl
I think I'm attracted to guys younger than me or guys who have that boyish looks har har har okbye
How often do you spend time with your gf? ??? har har har, i don't have gf. twitterurl
Stuck in a 4 hrs meeting my boss is making sexual jokes har har har not funnyyyy
BUT i can do Carbio, CARBio, carbs, get it? har har har i am so lame *flips hair*
Bayern Munich beat Barca 4-0. Har har har but then like wtf sia kena thrash like that.
Worst part is they mentioned that nervous breakdown could be classified as a mental illness har har har
they even spelt my name as Nur HARFEEZA har har har wrong spelling la it???s HAFEEZA
"twitterusername twitterusername who? Is it from mars?" HAR HAR HAR! You're so funny! What's your name bro?
i just think i'm going to have a really sad birthday this year har har har sucks to be me
Jumpa kelawar call police. har?
"twitterusername 159cm gah RT twitterusername twitterusername whats your height babe?" HAR HAR
I mean then there's this robot name King Roberta its so funny HAR HAR
Whaddya know. I slept from yesterday 8pm plus till now. Har har. Ok lah.
Need to wake up early tomorrow. Like dam early. Har har.
??twitterusername fuh fierce "twitterusername Wa ttp rindu wa punya ex abeh asl har har"??? hais... ??
At work now with the rest. Bull not here for work again. Har har.
??twitterusername mcm nk gi skolah gitu har har??? i think you miss the the word 'malas'
Cause the song is so sad but actually the song is about sex har har
If I dnt rply means I fell asleep har har bye
"twitterusername Can't go into my house, my ibu still sleeping liao" har har padan muka
8 course dinner i'm at my 6th course now har har see how fast is that
Had a good rest just now. Meeting Bull later on for eyebrow session. Har har.
Done with dental review. Went for cleaning also. My teeth feels so clean now. Har har.
Flash new rom on my phone again. Har har. Unusable at the moment.
"Bro they already said all 16 members coming on top" har? which part got mention har?
Hi . My name is shikin . What's yours? ?? Har har. I'm bored.
I said goodnight 23 mins ago......... Thts just belated april fool joke har har
My grandma standard ah. Only cook for my bro. I eat air. Har har
Shafiq send an audio through whatsapp with his lil sister by saying "har har" damn cute ??
Maintain ah. Test later on and here i am being like this ! HAR HAR ! ??
Saw somebodeh at lot and I walk so fast cause it's too awkward har har
some people just wanna act funny but they're not. not funny at all. har har really.
ahhhh now I know why you're so busy about. har har what's new.
??twitterusername So you came to me because i look like him har har major ouch???
Who say's all boys cannot multitask? How about the one who can phonesex HAR HAR ewwwwwwwwwww
R u trying to say i'm cute har har k bye
How the fuck can i dream of Martin n Jensen HAR HAR
And for the top i'll have to rush to cotton on later on har har
Whole day never eat coz i sleep too long. Har har.
I dont like to be seen by my friends when I'm working idky har har
hahahaha dream big but my brains are not that effing intelligent har har?
trying to psycho stupid things inside myself so i won't get hurt har har
I dont see a reason to smile on march 15 har har
i can wait for u bro but u must bring me food har har
Macam nak masak but i don't know how to cook. Har har.
Didn't had a good night sleep. But wtv I'm awake now har har
Ni abang even say that sometimes those officer also cockup. Har har.
??twitterusername Eh twitterusername so you gonna make another video about the riot? Har har so funneh???
I should really be sleeping by now but what am I doing? Har har
Warao ley har har "twitterusername Do people even know the meaning of walao actually"
Fucking just board the bus heading to 180 bus stop?? har har
??twitterusername My latest follower peh twitcon cute sia O.o HAR HAR OKEY DIAM >.<??? thanks hahhaha
Wait, har har no no, me and twitterusername hv been really really really storng girls today.
??twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername goodnight to you too ?" Go and sleep nownownow !???? Err, har Har ??
Lol diz iz wad happenz if you randomly view ppl's ig profiles har har
Cabbing to expo bc im lazy to change train har har
??twitterusername twitterusername hahahaha *face palm* its Rolling On FloorLaughing ?????? LOL. Har har i hate short forma
I will spending an approximate 2 hours har har I'm serious
Har har to the email I've been using since pri 3, smartdeeqatwitterusername . Ha ha ha.
And the first time i naik plane har har funny as fuck
What if she got angkong on her tetek that says "suck this" har har
Work start at 8pm and i'm already at city hall. Har har
So you came to me because i look like him har har major ouch
??twitterusername Wht the flying fk that is so funny????? ok lets laugh, har har
Guys, dont be a pussy, but instead we feast on them. Har har.
It's proven that i'm not good enough for anyone har har
Why is everybody so obsess over running man? Lol its just a man running har har
Chocolate craze. Oreo waffle, milo muffin and oreo muffin. Har har. twitterurl
Went home but left my house keys at work. Har har
you are like the smaller version of her har har so adorable
Muna serious maha serious doing work at my house, and im procrastinating har har.
sleeping with my ss notes tonight,sweetkan?haha har har ha
Makes me feeling sleepy... No one to talk crap with. Har har.
I should learn how to he funny har har kill me now
Shitting n the bathtub looked like a giant ashtray for me har har
Ohhh someone is angry i blurted out the truth har har
its ur bloody phone excuse me? isnt it ur responsibility? har har
just rub some ointment onto my forehead. so breezy har har
Har har how does it feel like being at the other side of the end now
Har har har....... All I could say was... I'm going to..........soon. And there was an awkward silence for like 10mins or so.
Haha can't go to Humble high because I'm not in the housing district HAR HAR HAR. Emily is gonna kill me
I'm not one to feel svared being alone but lately, just lately, I've been hearing and seeing things. HAR HAR HAR.
??twitterusername twitterusername har har har!!!! WORLD. U dun step 16 ar.??? WHAT WORLD I 16 la this year. Hais tak percaya sudah
There's this Har jeong smell lingering throughout ngee Ann city. Seriously. Har Jeong smells really bad unless you r eating Har Jeong Kai.
??twitterusername twitterusername i also love to read your tweets. You are so funny har har har??? kimak eh min kau haha
"twitterusername My mom just noticed my new porter wallet and was like, "since when? mane dapat duit?" Har har har." Porter? waaahhh
Who is the guy that u called in the past while crying? :3... ??? HAR HAR HAR nice try,aint answering that ?? twitterurl
The meme era has returned har twitterusername
I miss you too, HAR HAR HAR!!!! RT"twitterusername I miss you lah fuck... Grrrr but as much as I wanna see u, I just don't wanna."
If you think I'm angry at you, look at my twitcon and imagine I'm saying in that way HAR HAR HAR. :B
Har har har senang nye hati dapat hack twitterusername I am the haapiest girll in the world bebehh ! Kuii kuii kuii
I just got tired of being nice so I finally came to a decision to be mean har har har bye
Craving for siew mai and har gao.....
they .. debut only this year har ?
I'm at Har Yassin Restaurant (Singapore) twitterurl
M1 users still cannot use har?
Today got eclipse har. At 11pm.
This har gao is really fresh! twitterurl
Har bkk very chaotic now leh
Still remember when she was still a kitten, she freaking urinated under the coffee table. Har har
I'm not good at dressing up i have a bad fashion sense or maybe no fashion at all har har
good luck for those yang ada quiz and test esok har har ._. you know who you are :p
One by one leave from my life .. Har har .. Like i've said, people just come and go .
So basically im in 88 w few of my primary sch friends which is  now in my sch. Har har!
A nyonya just tried to "race" with me for seat. Too bad i got it HAR HAR
Why leh u so handsome cheer up bro ?? RT twitterusername insecure seeing other goodlooking guys out there har har hais
Currently, i dont even know if i had given my friends my new number correctly or not. Har har
??twitterusername HAHAHA OMG RT"twitterusername twitterusername look at this twitterusername HAR HAR twitterurl BOHCUI LAH GUISE *shy*
Happy birthday to Darren Dearest ? turning 26? More like 6 har har badabing lol lame.Wishing you the best?? twitterurl
next time I won't bother rushing home again. I'm not being missed anyway. har har sucks to be me right
So now, DIY repairs to my iphone. Hopefully it goes all well. If not, no more hp sial. Har har.
Nak merajuk ok tomorrow you wake no good morning text you know why HAR HAR i so jahat
Always having to give up what i want. Problems being the oldest sister har har. But its okay!
can i not go UT later. i still will fail lah no point trying also har har
har har left like 6subject of homework to do wtf. why am i always SO last min?!!
Eh sial ahh. Needa wake up in 3 hours time lei. Fuck football, only for now. Har har.
Why is twitterusername so hot ? ?? I'm melting. Har har. And yes, haris has the same eyes as taufik ??
So i only smoke 1 stick for today, bcoz im out of ciggies & im broke. Har har.
Someone make it alive again pls spam me pls dont make it dead pls har har twitterurl
Craves for wtv food people post on twitter. Kalau kat insta, tak pulak. Ape disease? Har har
you make me hungry RT twitterusername dont u love me when i spam howon's pics har har
It's weird how i don't feel hungry when i have not eaten a single thing since morning har har
My in charge asked me to run some errands so what is errands without pizza right har har twitterurl
Read back the text on how you treat mcm nak tak nak this past few days har har
Fuck ! I'm laughing at my own video of "failed attempt takraw" ?? all thanks to twitterusername . Har har
The things you see with your eyes are not always real. Some things are only visible with faith. Har har
Lub dis qt bro forever har no matter what always making me laf twitterusername pls dont change har
When girls who doesn't know anything about football, tries to open a conversation about it. Har har.
missed you so much har qt pie twitterusername
And probably some har kow for you? twitterurl
If mum sees the v day gifts har im dead
I'll avoid eyecontacts from you now onwards. Haaaaaar har.
Eh wtf why have my eyes become Har Gows
Sml this company trying to cheat my money har
Wah quite early har today. Reachinh sch in abit~
Tried on najwa latiff tundung style to ngaji.har har.
Followed har :p RT "twitterusername twitterusername indah follback~"
Love this dim sum . Favorite since young. Har Gow. ????? twitterurl
Should prolly take gym seriously again la har
Check check korang lost siblings. Har. Whatever. Bye.
Har MEE breakfast (@ Restaurant Lim Mee York) [pic]: twitterurl
One of my favorites Har Kao #timhowan twitterurl
Lunch... (with satria at Soto Lamongan Cak Har) ??? twitterurl
Going school tomorrow cutie ? ??? why? wanna see me har.. twitterurl
This guy keep repeat same thing only. Nth to say ah. Har har. K. Loserr. Bye. Lazy play. Too easy. Weicheng dont have already
HOW THE FUCK YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS?! RT twitterusername twitterusername say people paikia you la the paikia gado at club har har
Working and schooling is about the same. Just that i get paid when im working and you dont when you are studying. Har har
"twitterusername I feel like giving school a missed tmwr, but at the same time i feel like going too. Har har"
[TRE] MP Foo Mee Har: I wear white cause ???it feels right???: From PAP MP Foo Mee Har, in an interview... twitterurl #singapore
I got a huge crush on you but I'm afraid to tell you :( ??? Awww hey I don't bite unless you're food :p HAR HAR twitterurl
You can launch bbm for iphone and android phones but still no ig for bb. Har har very smart move blackberry
Although im dead tired right now, im still thinking of studying TPS. AM I CRAZY?! har har i think i am
Kakak said "birthday aku takde orang heran pun" lol because you never ask for pressie like your cute brother here har har
I've tweeted about this so many times before yeah I wanna have a relationship like Carl and Ellie really har har #UP
Oh yes, twitterusername is a year older, 20 years old :B Same as Zync MyLeg, how about that?! XD HAR HAR! All the best for you bro :)
since its gonna be a waterproof camera, im gonna relate it to a sea shell. har har, sounds awesome to me.
Heloo . . people like u have got no right to judge others . . Have u seen yourself ? Har har at u la babe . . ==" so lame
HAHA white & grey "twitterusername "I nampak ex boyfriend you dgn girlfriend dia dating dekat Tesco...." Omg omg omg, tesco je ke? Har har"
MP Foo Mee Har: I wear white cause ???it feels right???: From PAP MP Foo Mee Har, in an interview with the State m... twitterurl
Shit after reading all those tweets, i feel like i acted so childishly. Har har such a lousy sister i am.
Har har now im worried. Lol"twitterusername If I get mad at you, That means I still care. Worry when I don't get mad."
"twitterusername I won't give up, till the end of time. Trust me bae...... :'-)" har har that was me tweeting this lol @ myself hehe
Kalau beli baju baru pun actually tak guna cause we r still gonna wear the same tshirt over n over again har har
I see two people indirecting to each other on my tl aww love is in the air ok kidding har har
Funny how udw us to come badly and ended up wanting us to come because ur plan fucked up har har go to hell
My har is not fully black and teachers came to approach me but no shit given
Hiding under my blanket and pillow pretending to be a har gow.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Exxon Valdez anniversary sparks renewed pipeline debate in BC: Tim Har... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
MP Foo Mee Har: I wear white cause ???it feels right??? twitterurl #OpPopulation
I m #nowplaying twitterusername Karoge Yaad To Har Baat #lyricsmasti twitterurl
??????????????why you all so slow! RT twitterusername Where you har twitterusername
This is why I love dis qt bro har twitterusername twitterurl
wah when one tweet is deleted the mentions also dont have har? good good..
They keep disappearing in split seconds and head turns away WHAT IS DIS MAGIC SHOW HAR??
your girlf message you har . why u smile until like that to your phone twitterurl
you guys better write nicely har :( this one i keep for life one siol
Anyway I realise most Japanese iPhone users lock their auto-rotate-screen thingy. LOL. WHY HAR?
Big, big har gows filled with fresh, crunchy prawns are so much loves. ??? @ Yan Ting ????? twitterurl
Sedih bgt lu har RT twitterusername I'm the man who can't be moved twitterurl
Wow this guy at har yassin restraunt damn good looking sia. No homo haha
Nivea packaging by Yves B??har and fuseproject twitterurl | via #Dezeen
MP Foo Mee Har: I wear white cause ???it feels right??? twitterurl
Going jp to window shop har. But thought of going town to buy popcorn but nehhhh
Har? So Yuuki had two children, one from Zero, one from Kaname? ._________.
Min syster ??r FANTASTISK han har tappat hennes pass i Korea #WTF #HOWNOW?! #goodjob #MYSISTER
With Miyagi Stela, Greeta, and Hanny at Har Yassin Restaurant ??? twitterurl
I just ousted twitterusername as the mayor of Martabak Har on twitterusername twitterurl
feels like getting jeffrey campbell but ..... wear to wear har except events lol
Just imagine ... $2 coin in singapore, future will be $50 coin ?! Har -.-
is it the twitter girl you always tweet amanst? ??? har ??? twitterurl
Wonton 'fun' & abalone chicken congee @ Har Lam Lee last night. Congee >>> wontons. twitterurl
cb everywhere i see also puberty puberty what is this zzzzz enuff har
har wtf...the sales page all gone,back to normal page
Happy saturday night ???? (with twitterusername at Martabak har, Indian food) [pic] ??? twitterurl
har? why need to be sorry haha ??? Hahah okay I'm not sorry about it. twitterurl
#China #Book #Deal Perfect Timing (Harrigan Family Novels) By (author) Catherine Anderson: Perfect Timing (Har... twitterurl
"Har gao" must have 13 folds den is good.. Ok.. Next time bfore buy muz count
Har to the top! #jeep #car #4wd #instagram #iphoneonly #doft #black #indonesia #dolets twitterurl
"RTtwitterusername Walao why you so two face ? Huh hm he har hor ."
That small looking fountain area can fit 15000 people meh?! HAR?! We not summer sonic leh!
I am sure he meant kah "legs" lah "twitterusername Har? Everybody has a car?! twitterurl  #PunggolEast#byelection
The rain ruined my day I just want to be a har gow in bed now twitterurl
Marah-marah macam har*m tadi, but after reflecting, and a bit of laughter, the temperature went algor.
[CNA] Trial of City Harvest Church leaders resumes: The trial involving the six leaders of City Har... twitterurl #singapore
War News Updates > Christian Worshippers Slaughtered In Nigeria: Sixty Killed in Nigeria in Suspected Boko Har... twitterurl
#China #Book #Deal This Explains Everything  Deep, Beautiful, and Elegant Theories of How the World Works (Har... twitterurl
[News] Xtron director testifies City Harvest controls firm: The fourth day of the trial involving six City Har... twitterurl
Har? Got such thing ah? RT twitterusername UN agency urges China to drop HIV spa ban twitterurl
[News] Use of building fund not breach of church's constitution: witness: The external auditor of the City Har... twitterurl
[Y!] Proposed anti-harassment law to clamp down on cyber bullying in Singapore: A proposed anti-har... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday: Hard Times Take Their Toll on a Singapore Family - New York Times: Har... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
High-ranking Apple engineer cancels retirement, others promoted: Apple said Monday that Bob Mansfield, a top har... twitterurl
NASCAR Truck Series driver Jennifer Jo Cobb accuses rival of stealing team transporter: NASCAR driver Mike Har... twitterurl
Samsungs crushing loss in patent trial wont impact parts deal with Apple: Samsung (005930) was hit extremely har... twitterurl
RT twitterusername High-ranking Apple engineer cancels retirement, others promoted: Apple said Monday that Bob Mansfield, a top har... htt ...
??twitterusername Can't decide if i should sleep or complete my assignment which is due tmr. Har x3???
Stir-fried prawns, sambal kangkong, seafood in Thai sauce, and har cheong kai chicken wings @ Whampoa?? twitterurl
But sadly i m the guy who tries  v har to sleep but cnnt sleep in the end hais
Shanghai: $38 per pax for 8D7N Tour + 5- and 4-Star Hotels + Meals (Worth $1888) ??HAR?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
If anyone can bring me donuts or cupcakes, it would be great. But har wont happen yikes.
twitterurl Har? Singapore Mint is releasing #RoyalBaby commemorative coins? He is also Prince of Ang Mo Kio ah?
Reminded me of my late uncle. his favourite eating place in Singapore, Har Yassin ;`( i really miss him............. twitterurl
the fat girl is like a har gao, siewmai and char siew bao put in one. SO CUTE
A happy and peaceful New Year to everyone around the world celebrating Nowruz. Har ruzetan Nowruz, Nowruzetan piruz.
Give families with no car priority for COEs: February 02, 2013 12:18 AMFAMILIES with young children would be har... twitterurl
Hahaha, tontonanya gitu juga RT twitterusername You are the apple of my eye, architecture 101, i give my first love to you & koizora. 4 har
?? RT twitterusername WTF?! RT twitterusername Registration for Individual Access to Music Matters Live 22-24 May is USD 999 ... har? OAO;!!!
Hi uols uols, missed me har? Took a Twitter break luh. Wanted to see if I could endure not tapping on thw Tweetbot icon. I just failed.
[We???SG] Hello ice cubes.: Hello ice cubes.Jun 25, 2013 12:54amIt felt as if stones were hitting har... twitterurl #singapore
What is the craziest thing you have ever done? ??? holy shit in probably when I went rock climbing without the har... twitterurl
You learn well young one.  RT twitterusername Gonna follow in the footsteps of ma homie, twitterusername Hide in my blanket and be a Har gow.
Sorry was watching Pokemon and had to ask questions.. Next question is har... ??? Both? Lol. We need 2 hands to clap. twitterurl
i like how my boss pepot pepot in malay and all his words tebalik.. when he stops, i will go HAR? irrinoying kan aku!
Lol I just realized the number of immature people that made racist remarks that I followed on Twitter time to do some blocking too har
No  lar but her current one also look like bro and sist ??? Why u so kpo har! Interested just go talk to her LOL twitterurl
hey thre just wanna drop by to say hi and tke a good cre with your health and dont push yourslf so har... ??? WHAHHT? twitterurl
so we found the guy who snapped our pic when we asked his friend to snap our pic.. HAR? POST DKT IG LAGI. ahhahahahah
mte! that place got so big meh RT twitterusername That small looking fountain area can fit 15000 people meh?! HAR?! We not summer sonic leh!
[YH!SG-FB] These two men could be mistaken as the same person. But one is a man born in Har...: The... twitterurl #singapore
Mukhrz, meanwhile, said that if his father had any intention of creating a dynasty, he would har allowed him 2 be active in politics while
Always a treat to have my fave Har Jeong Kai burger. And Nutella tart! Happy food for happy boy before?? twitterurl
Address public apathy towards dental health: April 17, 2014 12:21 AMMADAM Nancy Teo Geok Har hit the nail on t... twitterurl
Singapore megachurches: blending the spiritual and material -  i guess, City Har is where x-tians go to Urya oi x 2  twitterurl
too many issues until when people are looking for me, i dont say yes or har, i ask "what happened?" lol
WALAO EH? Work on your time management la deh! Think I very free is it?! Reply one email need take 10 years har?!
From sec 3 till now I got the same hair style but then today I decided to change my har style to this twitterurl
Oh shit! Whats the use of ask.fm!!! Hahaha! Study har... ??? Its to ask question, silly. basically you were not as... twitterurl
Both Nadia ??? Nur Nadiah is my One Less Lonely Girl HAHAHA coz we both #ForeverAlone but she is a sincere and har... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername fuck myself for saying this but why so pretty har your twiticon??? this. Self esteem can jatuh 7kaki dalam!!
Lol your opinion on sec 1 juniors? ??? Lol my opinion har? As long as they realise that they are the YOUNGEST and ... twitterurl
WHAT TWEET LINK. :> Expose myself har? go find in my ... ??? I forgot your twitter user walau. I go slowly find. G... twitterurl
lol... I only asked once.. the one who re-asked over and over again is not me.. besides, I just meant wel... ??? Har? twitterurl
