done with workout hoh
Bukak aircond 16??c hoh
Hoh~ JEM not opening tomorrow liao!
Singaporeee seaaaa. By photographer Hoh! twitterurl
Derrick Hoh - Show me what I've been looking for~ :3
Dont late hoh ??? RT twitterusername twitterusername wee cant wait
At prata house with Mark Hoh and twitterusername twitterurl
Derrick Hoh - Show me what I've been looking for
Hoh shit, have been consuming April-expired vitamins...
Derrick Hoh won the Best Asian Artist Award.! #MAMA2013
Hoh Mai god.... Olevel Chinese oral exam later ! BOOM! :(
omg derrick hoh get mama award leh lol twitterusername
Really can feelings be described this easily, if yes... I have nothing to say hoh~
"twitterusername omg derrick hoh get mama award leh lol @ sallyyow" omg lol
hoh gosh where have i been omg i've missed like tons of running man episodes
yes!!! Derrick Hoh is coming to ITE the 10th May!! 12pm-1pm
Seems like I need to take more initiatives from now onwards hoh :P twitterusername
Sesat lah jugak nak cari VR ni hoh -.- (@ Faculty of Law w/ 8 others) twitterurl
Bruce lee is much more slowly than me.. im bruce Hoh by the way..
"twitterusername twitterusername me right ^_^" hahaha what :( fine lo! Maybe some other guys give one hoh :P
Think, Singapore! > Self-starter and trailblazer: WONG KIM HOH MEETS... JOHN TANAsia Capital Reinsurance Group... twitterurl
What you want!!!!! :-pRT twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHAHA !!! I thiam hoh ok hahahhahhaha !
Hoh oh oh oh oh ring my bell ring my bell. Lol.
Yuhua CC on Sunday. Anyone lives near there come down and find me hoh.
Derrick Hoh on one of the contestants: "Is she one of the guest performers today?" #kpopstarhunt
Stupid captain .. General Natu hoh is on the plane and you are freaking sleeping?!
Tomorrow study date in school at 10am! Don't forget hoh twitterusername ! You oversleep, you see what I do!
Ala. Tak ke? :( RT"twitterusername Hoh :0 RT twitterusername Yeyy. Babynorr dgn ZR sayang titeww :D RT"twitterusername errr -_______-"
Unfollow?  Keep it up gaiss cuz I know right my tweet supposed being so bored hoh l0l
Omggggg Derrick Hoh 1st english debut single <Forever>!! I can't wait for the release of the new album! :)
Omg Desmond Tan and Ian Fang went to Nan Hua High School today along with Derrick Hoh!! Why didn't they come to XMSS instead? :(
ACS GOT GIRLS NOW?! HOH MIA LEH! RT twitterusername "whatever the others say, I think ACS(I) Year 5 girls are really pretty :)"
Creepy spoof of local singer???s hit song goes viral: A creepy but wonderfully creative parody of Derrick Hoh???s ... twitterurl
What would you do if you meet an alien? ??? Hoh Mai God...! Can you help me to take 'N' level ? If you help me , I... twitterurl
"but we're still gonna own you even if you pick Lycan on the Dire side" -iceiceice LOLOLOL oie ! Burning didn't say that hoh!
Hoh, nope ???? RT twitterusername twitterusername okay let we see , when u was up ? Until now no sleep n no got home tonight ?
Fcking sleepy.. but looks like mr . P and his dllm heart disease is coming again.. time for doctor hoh to head out with his first aid kid!
