Turning on le. Tired le. ??????
I'm with le family. We are eating le food. Le food le so lelicious lelelelele
Sua le sua le. Not worth it.
Shopping with le bro and le maid ???(^??^)???
??twitterusername "le girlfriend" "le tv" "le mother" "le sambal udang" your father la fucking annoying you know???HAHAHAHAH
Sending off le parents n le sis n le bro in law to Makkah. #umrah twitterurl
Missing le
Spending tonight with le storybook and le tea
Spending a Le day with my Le baby
Going bath le. Daddy come out le! (: After your reply..
on le phone with le princess twitterusername <3
Rabu mneh le"twitterusername twitterusername yo opo interview ne le?"
Bringing le bbg, mommsy and le maid out! Hoho
Le twitterusername and Le twitterusername - at Zulhandam Hair Studio twitterurl
Hoho le mommsy will pick le bbg up tonight!
Fucking hot le. Nb. 8 faster come le
Going dating with le papacheong, leaving le bbg at home. :(
Thanks to the clique, using le is so fun le
Stahp. Halp. Slahp. Whats up wif this term? Just spell normally ah. Kimice one after another sial. Last time Le Le Le. Le bulu jempot ah.
Tuition cher coming le >< .
gg sore throat le
At malaysia house le
Le seducing me twitterurl
I want orhorh le >< .
waiting for le bro.
Outing with le family ^^
Le meeting twitterusername now
Swimming in le afternoon ^^
Gtg fetch bro le.
Starting school tmr le
#nowplaying Le Festine - Camille
Going home le.
Where got! ??twitterusername Take pic with maknae, I instantly look few years older... lao le lao le... *le sigh*???
Cong le all
Phone battery spoil le.
Wo shengbing le.
Shopping with le girlss
Le bowling seniors twitterurl
Hitting le Caf?? soon.
My oral hoseh le
fetching le sissy
*le eating cheese cake*
Knocked off le ma.
It's not there le.
Knocked off le! ??????
Yay. Finish rebonding le^.^.
Leaving here le.
watching le mis! :)
Working today . Le sigh
Charging le babyBB
Waiting for le boyfriend
Missing le papacheong
le cds not shipped...
Reply le bo ? twitterusername
Falling sick.. le sigh..
Meeting le brothers later.
Very irritating le!
Napaa le?"twitterusername huh"
Knocked off le.
moving le.. finally
Lepak with le usuals
See he angry le :(
Reaching home le......
Barbequeing w le neighbours.
????? getting exciting le!
Eating with le friends
training tmr. le sighhhhh
Tong si wo le. ??
Beyond going finish le.
Waiting for le bus
they wak up le?!
Saeyang in le house.
iftar with le best
See le also blur
Cut down everything le .
Knocked off le!
Coming le ma?? twitterusername
Someone buyao wo le ~
Using echofan le . Stupidstupidstupid .
Cong le crazy already :')
Le boyfriend twitterusername crib ?
Everyone in le house!
Star Awards start le! ??
Mention le. Boring luhz.
Meeting le usuals tmrrw .
Waiting for le bro !
Knocking off le lo!
Le sleeping beauty twitterurl
Studying with le girls.
Stop raining le?! What?!?!?!
Charging le hp.
Lepak with le boys :)
Meeting le cuz tomorrow
Waiting for le bus.
He not around le..
Chilling with le girl's!
Cannot tahan le. Goodnight!
Faster le twitterusername twitterusername
W?? shengbing le.
Going out with le family.
Heading towards le dance place.
Keep replaying le bbg's video.
Had fun with le bros.
Le prof is comming suen.
chatting with le handsome guy ~
Going with le familia. :D
Yeah.. Ahgong come back le (:
Le mood right now. twitterurl
Done ironing le uniform finally
Im loving le new header
So fast going 9pm le><
So fast going 3pm le><
wa gg le... fever sia.
Snapping pic with le friend .
Haircut w le dickface HAHAHA
Late le, off to work.
Thai food mama Lai le
Bonding time with le parents ??????
Done movie with le roomate.
Alright, off to le masjid...
Hehe shopping w le papacheong!
Visiting le granny now! Hehe
Something is not right le
Aiyah whatever okay . Dc le ...
Coughing non stop. Sick le ):
Cannot le, so screwed D:
Not cold le heheh finally
URGH. Phone no battery le
Ton-ing with le boys.
Lacing my Le baby up
Charge phone then sleep le.
gg wear my shoe le
Skype with le bbg twitterurl
Le bbg fell down again :((
Chewing on le chords. What.
Le Rock R15 V2. Jyeah ??
No cry le, Big girl??.
Bonding time with le family ???
Comfirm tmr must choing le :)
Great evening with le boys
RuiEn's third win le sia ??
Going out with le family ~
Tok mama in le house
Uploading le video at youtube :)
Manchester United gone le...haizz
Shopping with le familia twitterurl
everyone go download line le!!!!!
Makan burger with le housemates.
My cough getting better le.
Slacking with le bestfriend. twitterurl
Borak-ing w/ le family.
Short meeting w/ le Armada
Still. Not in le mood.
Bussing home with le twitterusername
Eh, whatsapp dah new le!
Fun run with le daddy..
Kk. Offing phone Le. BYE??
Uh painting my Le toes
Le sigh, nothing on Facebook.
Le wild pig appear! ????????? twitterurl
Miss chatting w le bf .
Done meeting with le orators
Tired liao le. Wan an.
Shopping with le boys twitterurl
#nowplaying Cate Le Bon - Duke\
3h more knock off le
Swimming with le boys tomorrow :-)
Iftar w le classmates later.
want to eat steamboat le .
My temper gone worst le
With le younger cousin ? twitterurl
Sending le twins to school.
Sleeping with le parents heheheheh
Le dance song #nowplaying Ball
Kak Zarith in le hosue!
Le 9pm drama very complicating.
Burger bakar with le friends :)
Having fun w/ le family !
going home with le riversideians
Yay ! twitterusername reach sg le !
Done with le blog finally
Going out with le family
Going out w le family ?
Going out with le family ?
Justin nothing to say le ??????
Need le privacy. Fckin asshole
Alright, off to le masjid :)
Early morning smell durian le!!!!!!!
J'attends le sms de twitterusername .
Jalan raya with le twincourters!
$16 not enough le hahhaha!
Sharing subway with le mom
Srsly got 'attacked' twice le :((
Meeting le bros at admiralty.
le face look so tired??
With angel. Haah Le wifey
Getting insane with le girlsssssssss.
Baby left mobit le wah :)
No mood study le suddenly. -.-
Le wild sister appear ???? twitterurl
Wa sian reaching sch le
Facial with le papacheong tml!
Lepaking with le lovely coursemates.
End work le, fuck yeah. ?
Grpcery shopping with le mummy...
Think tat piggy orhorh le
Le ms preschool teacher twitterurl
Swimming later with le soccermates
Keyboard shortcuts le apa lagi -.-
Untung le double date. Hewhew
Aiya start to rain le
Messing with le bed :) twitterurl
Morning maths lect. Le sigh
Done breakfast with le family.
Le eating Danish patisserrie breads
No more drama watch le
Highway only all gone le.
Waiting for le faris -_- twitterurl
smoke break with le cousin
Argue argue , really sian le .
ohhh they reach Beijing le
watching soccer with le family
Otp with le annoying again
can stop thinking le not!!!
That song :') RT twitterusername You le kai shi you le wei lai
Holiday need go for abs le.. bui tahan so long nvr do le
Talitha little miss indonesia nyanyi muda le o le o. Way too cuteeee!
YAY done w all my tut until Monday le! Can ??????????? until Sunday le hehehehe
Wake up le gg work le, Hope u hv a happy day
Done w massage! Off to pick le brother and le mommsy! Yay!
Must eat more healthly food le ... i forgot how am i le lol
Must eat more healthy food le... i forgot how old am i le
Cannot wait for Tomorrow. Buy le new sandal after school with le Mayo <3
someone get into global perspective le. acc me pls le. walao. Why all tns
walao blister hao le .today trainin do passes now nt hao le more pain sia hahaXP
I have to face the direct sunlight into le bus all le way to kl? Pedih.
*le me eat* *le someone ask* "are u eating?" and i was like "nah. i'm flyin'"
Le papacheong going for meeting in a while. Gonna be home alone w le bbg again. ??????
Heading out^^v #shopping #tokyo #japan #winter #ootd @ ???????? ????????????????????????? Le Daiba (Grand Pacific Le Daiba) twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername besok eh haha how to show le!!??? Twitpic le
O_o bro come back le, now 98%, full le den plug out edi bah.
At le coffeebean having tiramisu & frozen swirl with le Antonia twitterurl
Woohoo! "twitterusername twitterusername Yeap nvm done le jiu suan le. OACCCCCCC"
;~; odg what to do *runs in circle* le no emo le sonic ~
Heading back home to drop le bbg and le maid before I head to work! Hoho
Ahhh, why so negative, wrong le wrong le! Shldn't feel a thing ??? Change of thoughts~
Oh shit!!!! Die le!! Just slept for one hour, at.night can't sleep le...
Le papacheong just mentioned he need to frequent flying again. Le sigh
Babe! Try le mah? Papaya milkshake and the massage? (: ??? Try le. twitterurl
Friends of so many years omg didn't even realize! Old le old le ???
thanks to le twitterusername and le twitterusername for sending me to kmm :3 #family #love twitterurl
Steamboat @ Le place with Le peeps! Happy Chinese New Year ! #cny #steamboat twitterurl
Part of my keychain/phonecharm spree here XD kawaii!! @ ???????? ????????????????????????? Le Daiba (Grand Pacific Le Daiba) twitterurl
Pkmk i cant stand it w girls and their "le crush,le boifren le" here and there,then "bxbie,bxby" susah sgt pe kau nak type betul2?
Kerene cute le. Y she so cute. Want to bash me..... But dry bash le... So cute le.. No wonder she my friend twitterurl
My siao mood on le . HAHAHAHHA :D !
Cycling session with le mates. Dead tired??
Get bonus le,time for shopping hahaha
Kak faresya and noryn in le house (:
Alone here waiting for le doggy .
Think u got to wake up le; )
Heading to school with le girls & Pam.
So long no change twitter dp le ??.
hahah nites bye tweet tmr le;)
Think of le parents before doing anything.
Having McDonalds with le classmates. Jemput semua.
Sch edi end le, waiting for twitterusername .
Nak naik flight with le family :) twitterurl
Le sigh, everyone's against tongue piercing :/
Going out with le familia. :D
Heading to Perak w/ le familia :) twitterurl
Sis" idw go le , raining ltr fever " \
What le nails shud wear tuhnight? ^-^
Le bbg having high fever. 38.7 gosh.
Waiting for bus to lot le! :) twitterusername
Accompanying le bbg to watch cartoon again!
Not changing my phone. Le sigh. :(
Planning karaoke with my le aunty later.
Meow ??twitterusername Le stomach is growling roar???
Going home with le boyfie twitterusername ???? twitterurl
Time to sleep, working tomorrow. Le sigh.
Hungry and missing le bf T_T
Alamak all of them exhausted le.
Wo de breast hen tong le. :/
I think i fail poetry liao le ?? .
cannot tahan le, shall sleep now
Cooking some lunch for le sick bro.
Done gayut. Time to hit le sack.
I want to unjailbreak my phone le ?? .
Le bbg got high fever. WTF. 39.1
Why ezlink card like dropping out le. ??
Looking forward to seeing le dear. InshaAllah.
Yesterday w le piglets ?? twitterusername twitterusername ?????? twitterurl
Ppl see lah... he angry le :/
Aiyo why tat woman's face destroyed le.
When to recontract le phone eh...
Oh no. Le papacheong wanna have supper. ??
Saw cong le at poolside all
My phone totally sot le T__T
In le car now to jb
You starting not to trust me le.
Sinaran now with le Nak Muays
waiting for le milk to freeze!!!!!
Goodnights twitterusername :) dun fed up le!
My leg... must walk properly le lah ):
frrhazm & twitterusername Le Bonjour~ #Morning #Greeting twitterurl
Foot massage with le mommsy tonight again!
Guess wo yao sheng bing le.
So long never go ice skating le!
Looking after le bbg tonight again
:: Off to me le girlfriend twitterusername ????
With le mummy in the car twitterurl
Waiting for le mommsy to knock off.
I xing fu le thankyou baby twitterusername
Shopping with le Yosemite later weeeeeee~
LE chamber fucking atas sia. Walao
#nowwatching Muay Thai Warrior with le sibs
Heading out for brunch with le papacheong.
skyping with le fags now twitterusername twitterusername
Watching movie with le gf twitterurl
#nw Pee Mak with le roomates.
addicted to the song le haha #np - ??????????????
Wah the bus quite fast le today..
Dinner with le family keh keh
watching Running man with le siblings . haha .
And today senibong with le parents plak
Long time nobody help me tied le
le hubsy is working till 10. meh.
le prince kneeling on a table :3
Chillin with le cat #persian #lazyass twitterurl
????dad sleepy till drive wrong way le.
Watching horror movie with le mum & sis
Done with le laundry yay ?(^o^)?
Eating le birthday food. Kinda delecious
Cookie from le Ebs teacher ???? twitterurl
Le mummy going shanghai for business trip ??
In le car now omw meeting Farish.
Teehee.. my upslope got improve le..
Le bbg is SUPER naughty today. ??
twitterusername die twitter client for iphone le..
yaay done washing le sch shoes
"twitterusername tuition coming up soon. le sigh ."
I changed my Fb's pic le~~~  XD
yay pretty zhiqing become nice le!
TL is making le sick e.o
Voice cracking w/ le awesome peeps :D
Chilling with le girls :) (@ Restoran Aliff) twitterurl
Playing games with le classmate twitterurl
Chilling with le pipsqueak at 1 Altitude. :)
Going out later . Meeting le family .
Plan changed. Not gg jcube le.
Mos burger with le Platoon & <3 .
#Nw Coming soon with le mum
Maybe going shopping tomorrow with le boys.
yay! shinee's wonderful day got sub le ^^ :)
Uncle, they all gg bck tml le. ??????
Heading to town now w le boyfriend (:
Getting le family prata for breakfast
Finished watching movie with le boy!  <3
So late le still got thunder :/
Miss le girlfriend so much. Sigh
I'm at ?????????? Ding Le Food Court twitterurl
Shiat they take IC le?  Boom u.u
Just done with work le sighz
Outing with le boys was awesome!!!! ^^V
Study-ing Maths now with le classmates
Grandma said my face changed le.
Cannot wait for le getaway tomorrow night.
Shopping with le bros tmr twitterusername twitterusername
wif le bros twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Having le brunch with Aqi and others
performing foolish with le musical family hehe
Order overflowing hais. Later then order le
where's le momzy she's not at home
My mum is crying le sigh
Le parents takin off day today~
too small finish liao no more le
Away to vacation along with le friends :)
Yay ended work ?? phone no batt Le ??????????
Want to apply bursary. So confusing le.
Cannot tank le. I wanna sit leh.
Kita pun"twitterusername Waiting for le boyf"
Karaoke time with Le sisters, twitterusername twitterusername
Lepaking w/ le buddies twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
#nowplaying Cate Le Bon - Mug Museum (2013)\
So surprised le papacheong dk what's SRS.
Waiting le hubby to fetch me.
I go study suan le byebye
Bobian need wear wrist guard le.
Dozing off.. Fighting with le Zzz monster..
project cooking for le brother and I
woa pattern all come out le lo
going to ikea again with le family
Wah the PE Teacher damn suggestive le.
Just a regular thursday.. Le bored twitterurl
Poker face with le classmies twitterurl
patut le wasep eman tak reply heh
Le me shopping with mom ... twitterurl
morning talks w le danny. twitterurl
Eating with le bros twitterusername fushen,  twitterusername
my fav color become maroon le LOL
Smth wrong with my bladder le :)
Seating with le bestfriend? ellenya ezzatul farlina??????
Done with le account. Calculussssss time -.-
My portable charger charged hao le. ??
quite alot of homework today le sigh
TvT fwainnne ~ le is a pabo ~
Chanyeorr TvT are you laughing at.. le ?
Going home with le boyfie ?? twitterurl
Walk whole day. Leg tired le.
Got new bus to nex le.
Fainting soon. Shall go sleep le.
Terasa macam nk sign off le pule..
le brain isn't functioning properly sobs
Gonna be watching movie with le family
OKAY BYE GUYS . Leaving for Thailand le
Waiting for le food! #hungry #excited twitterurl
Eating my "dinner" now . So late le??
Going out. Without le bro. Heaven.
Got to cut down smoking le
Not so excited bout le PTPN bluergh ~
plan le at most gey scolded niaXP
Hey twitterusername !! You feeling better le mah?!
Going out with Le ayah laterrrr.
With le awesome chiobu trainee ! twitterusername twitterurl
Thanks baby for le dictionary ? cc twitterusername .
Katong Laksa with le famz twitterurl
Grocery shopping w le family ?? twitterurl
Maybe meeting le bros later on ?
will going out later with le mom.
Watching princess w le sissy twitterurl
Bringing le bbg to see doc again. ;(
*cough cough* throat starting to itch le ><
I finally feels like buying lunch le
Driving le papacheong to work today<3
Thanks Jia Le for reminding me :|
Going lot to find le gang
Me: Wah so hot can melt le!!\
SS5 HongKong date confirmed le... hmmmm :)
Lol. Epic moment with le boyf.
Morning selpy with le teddy. twitterurl
Suan le I ownself can do better
#throwback with le girlfriend twitterusername twitterurl
Having long coversation with le housematessss!
Thanks twitterusername fr le shopping today!
Le wild sleeping princess spotted! twitterurl
I waited for 30mins le leh ...
now eating durians with le family
Shopping while waiting for le papacheong.
:: Le majesty bullying the princess.... Hahaiss.. #youknowiknow
Wassep with le dad ??? mintak something xD
Watching The Conjuring with le roommate.
waiting for daddy at le school -.-
#Day18 with le family :) Jemput bismillah .. twitterurl
Too long never play le. Rust alerady.
Awkward max. Waiting for Le Waiteng
Walking to market to find le parents :)
Le nice scenery from level 6. twitterurl
Curry mee is my le favourite :D
Abang firemen with le designers twitterurl
Moh le pg the curve.. Cuci mato
Cong le don't wanna wait till 6
cutting hair with le bestfriends again yayyy! ^^
Dinnarh! (@ Le Steak by Chef Amri) twitterurl
Lunching (@ Le New York w/ twitterusername twitterurl
now can plan properly le looool
At le library doing HRA. (': twitterurl
Meeting le family at the usual place .
Shoo full le leh>< still got food.
Bluegh can't beat le toblerone okayyyyyyyyyy twitterusername
le phone not function properly. sorry.
Just realised Friday going Bali le ?? !
otw to sembawang park with le classmates :)
Going qsway with le brother last minute
out with le big brother twitterurl
Going to rain le ): Please dont rain!
Heading to Ipoh with le familia
Le sighhhh I've a pathetic life..
Hot weather playin badminton. Dyin le la
Sleep le , tmr off day :D
With le nak muays at the hall
Jamming to Schoolin Life on le bus.
Can finally GRAB the ring le!
Thanks for visiting le cousins :') hahaaa' twitterurl
Le sigh... Thinking of sam again. Tsk!
Le awesome castle! twitterusername ?????? It's glittering! twitterurl
Reading le' ol' Formspring responses. Haha
Watching mintak dagu with le family now
Le waiting for da 2boys. twitterurl
aiyoooo! done le math then tweet!
Bitches waiting for me downstairs le :B
XP ltr gg bathe le;P
I'm going out dinner with le family ?
check out le blog here >> twitterurl <<
Spending my holiday with le friends.
le praying I do well tml
Walking to school with le sista
Ain't going dash berlin. Le sigh ~
Chicago cheesecake from le coffee bean twitterurl
I caught le guy looking at me.
watching 3D movie with le familia twitterurl
Wow, long time never tweet le.
Slacking with le bros ! twitterusername twitterusername ?? twitterurl
Going out with le Wolf Gang twitterurl
Le wolf Gang @ Persian Place twitterurl
Heading to bugis with le family. ?????????
Waiting for le Han at jp
Going out today with le famalia..
Pre performance briefing by le president. twitterurl
In sch le. Heng bo late!
Picture w/ le cousins ? #whitagram #malaysia twitterurl
Fuck sia. Now cannot sleep le. ):
Asking us do differentiation le haish
Falling sick at this moment. le sighh :(
Omw home after lepak with le boys.. :-)
Watching "Le Miserable" Blu-Ray ???Blu-ray?????
thurs night lorong bapok with le pasta
Going home le yay!!! twitterusername :D
Wah twitterusername dm twitterusername only? Me le?
Beh prepare to go out le :(
So sad mucheng must leave guangxi le!! ??????
With my younger brossss @ le steak twitterurl
Gonna watch running man with le sisterssss.
Dancing gummy bear w le roomates
I'm going off le!! YOU twitterusername
With Afif in le car twitterurl
as expected.. cramps. AGH moodswing lai le
le hair doing things to me ;;
Le papacheong is soooooooooooooo into golf now.
The word le is so old fashioned????
Le plane. #hk #hongkong #hongkonginternationalairport #cathaypacific twitterurl
Rushing back home to see le bbg:)
W le babe now sending her home
To swimming we go with le babes!
eh cb le the guy. wtf.
Still karaoke-ing with le family
Back for more Paella @ Le Patio twitterurl
LOL Morning snacks with le bestie. twitterurl
Best saturday evening with le collegues! ????
Craving satisfied (@ Le Ching Tea House) twitterurl
Catching up with le designer students twitterurl
Fetching le mum at 888 . Haha
Lunch with le uncle (@ KIP Mart) twitterurl
Kedah with le' bros tonight. #WeekdayGetAway
going cookin nanta w le bestf!
Sick till ear block le what...
Still got class later. Le sighhh.
Eat lunch le then cont doing research.
Le papacheong on leave today! Yay!
Some smoothie king with le bro twitterurl
Le wild challenger suddenly appeared! twitterusername hahahaha!
Cong le laighing like crazy all
Night Jog with Le Mother! Bye! ?? twitterurl
Ip home button going to spoil le.
Heading out with le dad ?? twitterurl
Jalan di #Madinah with le family ? twitterurl
Like this I shall not tweet le .
Thot gg bck le. Ended up no.
Aww I get to see le cousins
:: #nowwaiting for le parents to fetch me..
*watches le fav saengiee and mabby^
Dk le twitterusername singing or chanting....
Going to JB tomorrow with le classmates
le rain was so big ytd night....
Yesterday w le piglets ?? twitterusername twitterusername ??????
Sleepy before even reaching le workplace
Going to karaoke with le belia boys
Long time no eat taohuey le! twitterurl
I see nothing on okto le
Yay!! Going zoo with le BFF!!
Going hme to study le poa !
with le sissy and abang shafiq...
No mood go out le sia :\\
Le cries imagining siwon marrying me
collecting le pullover and tote today whoop
Heading out with le parents to Ttsh!
Trac?? sous le White tee ! #SansForcer
Tiring day. On le way home.
??twitterusername Le gigantic hand TTT___TTT twitterurl *.*
Soft shell crab #appetizer  @ Le Gourmet twitterurl
Leosister writing ABC, with le mummy twitterurl
Meeting le cute girl later.. heh ^^
#nw the hunger games w le siblings
Shall slp soon. Eyes cnt tahan le.
At Saffron having dinner w le family :)
Picnic wiz le bloods tmrw yayerszxxx
Excise finish le gg bath soon
/le cries/ having stomache at this timing
Can't stand this. Cannot tank le.
Btw, Bonjour le Amigo.. Morning sunshine-
Stop tweeting bout the holes le!
Playing soccer with le bros now
Happy birthday , le korean bic boi twitterusername ???
Eh He sing song then gone le?
why everyone buy laptop alrdy... LE SIGH
tmr gg to bowling with le classmates! ?
aerospace mach tech getting difficult le
I'm back, can bring her out le
Suddenly missing NTSS again. Le sigh..
Inside le subaru off to bedok =)
Cross one road jiu drenched le.
Dinner with le' famili :) (@ Galleriatwitterusername - twitterusername twitterurl
Bervideo call with le siblings. Awh rindu ???
Can't wait to see le papacheong. ???
Well. I shall not bother le bah
Watching 2359 at Netflix with le familia.
Slippery when wet. Talking about le road.
Sending le bro into hell. Haha
woah, the chanel ring damn nice le.
Having long conversation with le family.
I see youngdo my heart pain le. ..
Finding some bonding time with le siblings.
Le sweaty face and messy hair. twitterurl
Le Petit and Rustic Gili ... twitterurl
got award then happy le ohhh taotao ><
Struggle with le roommates menelaah counseling ahaks
Love watching le bbg fall asleep.
Enjoying le Jacuzzi! #treehouse #pool #enjoy twitterurl
Lepak-ing with le gewlz~ ???? twitterurl
Long time nobody help me tie le
wah sian gastric pain 2nd day le.
Recommended: Boat Ride to Le Shan Giant Buddha  - Coming to LE SHAN , like mentioned in previous post ,... twitterurl
Kalo aku, hape nya yang BlueBerry CSL.. Le O Le O Eee.. :))) RT twitterusername Aroma Blueberry Cheesecake #PerfectPerfume
Done with din! Shall head home and acc le bbg to sleep, and pick le mommsy up!
Let Me Think About It (Ida Corr vs. Fedde Le Grand) - Ida Corr & Fedde le Grand #nowplaying twitterurl
Maybe le dear had fallen asleep. Well, a day away from le dear tomorrow. Today, technically, since it's past midnight.
Hahaha Kor abit siao Liao leh lol!><??. Soo late le, all of us haven't slp, only AhMa sleep le:).
*le me eat* *le someone ask* "are u eating?" and its like u comment "no. I'm flying"
??twitterusername twitterusername tmr bah! I go sleep le. One night never sleep now eyes closing le.??? Okays! Goodnight :)
Photo: Bienvenue dans le Wave Game , la o?? le brossage deviens un art #instagood #me #follow #photooftheday... twitterurl
I'm at A??roport Paris-Charles de Gaulle (CDG) - twitterusername (Le Mesnil-Amelot, ??le-de-France) w/ 72 others twitterurl
why you say not close to her le? ??? Cause we nv tgt pon class le haha twitterurl
My ideal first date: jurong bird park hahaha im weird I know but le penguins le adorable penguins
Le dear, le dear... please don't put me in such a situation. You're putting me in a dilemma.
[YH!SG-FB] Le noirtwitterusername This is something new.: Le noirtwitterusername This is something new. twitterurl #singapore
RT twitterusername iPhone 5 : le marketing de la rumeur d'Apple a atteint ses limites - Le Nouvel Observateur twitterurl #marketing
Lousy morning riding le lousy train heading to lousy office to do le lousy work. What a lousy day.
Sibei sian. Got nothing fun with le phone loh! Grrr. I need more games for le phone!
Le sister's lecturing le brother in our family whatsapp convo ugh I don't need this shit right now...
With Budi, twitterusername and twitterusername in le canteen. VAS HAPPENIN.
Sitting alone at cedele... Eating cake alone... Le sigh... #ForeverAlone
Ahahaha x). Im waiting le friends rite now
Le crush whr you? oh tak eh. no crush la....
Alhamdulilah . Had my lunch with le classmates at Jurong East.
I'm a goon Le mama but I like it fancy
Omeyzznyeww x RT "twitterusername me with le Bear :* twitterurl
Yu sheng w le classmates and faci ?? last week. twitterurl
Going out for a movie with le family now. Woo~
Otl i saw that dragon ~ <': weeee le hapoy
Le mom cheated my feeling to come home early
Lunch with le usuals. (@ Mr Teh Tarik Eating House) twitterurl
I wish twitterusername still remmberd moment in le hall. Hehehe
watching some cartoon show on okto with le sister heh
Sleeping soon. Waking up early tomorrow for homeworks le sigh.
Heading to the salon later with le bestfriend ^^ ~
Am I supposed to do opening alone.. le sigh..
Hanging our with Le brother in his room. ^^
Ohh le best friend arrived. Plot twist lol
Eat baobao le gg shave my hair liao
oh great le red friend is here OHHHHH GREAT
Rindu nak tweet2x with le bumbum crett friends.
While w8ing fr le movie. 1,2,3 or 4 ?? twitterurl
??twitterusername WTF le pape Benoit XVI?!!!!!!!?? Huh, what's going on?
finish! left 14 ? forgot how to do le #stm
I'm at Le Grandeur Palm Resort Johor (Senai, Johor) twitterurl
Dk how play 4 pic 1 word??. Blur le.
Late night supper with le bros twitterusername twitterusername
Dafug .. Whats the name of the place ... Forgotten le
Heading to dhoby ghaut now with le ITE classmate.
??twitterusername moviedate wif le abang tomorrow ? twitterusername ??? yeah .
Gg out now with le foster family twitterusername
Le sad uh. Cannot go out with besties
Gonna meet le classmates for awhile. Getting iterinary down.
Le anakhunda is a hot topic on tline rn OTL
Meeting le' penny mate at MBS ?? #red #stripes #ootd twitterurl
Walking alone at khoo teck puat hospital there. Le sigh...
End of work! Looking forward to meeting le dear. ?
Still waiting for le beautiful to come online. twitterusername
OMG she sing so well. I hear le also goosebumps !
Le mum bought ayam penyet for mehhhh <3 twitterurl
Everyday this time, le bbg is especially grumpy.
omg long time no watch heartbeat live le!! 2PMMMMMM!
Why most ppl gg bali tdy. I also want le
Time to feed le bbg medicine again! #wartime
Their very own bar in le house.How cool is that!?\
hey ya in computer lab w le class
Alone in le LT :) Dunno what to do till 11????
Good morning errbardy I is in le good mood today
Bowling with le family.. @ SAFRA Yishun Country Club twitterurl
OFF to Dining hall, dinner with le wira and wirawati.
#WishLists bbq with the family and steamboat withe le buddies
Had a lot of fun today with le awesome people!!
Done with magrib fard prayer w/ le wira wirawati
I wish i'm that good looking le sigh.
Am i le only one watching Lion King?
Reach yck le sia not bad maybe not late ??
Well i guess won't be meeting le usuals anymore.
Gonna finish up le proposal by tmrw morning latest
Dinner with le familia :) (@ Restoran cahaya molek) twitterurl
very long never eat at home le. heh. ?????????
Stop staring at laptop . Release le mah twitterusername
Spending my day today with some of le belia boys
Nice catching up and dinner with le bro. ?? twitterurl
I free for 2year le hehe ^^ no tagging no reporting
Luffy 's golden arm.......  OMG...!!!!!;92(twitterusername le bxlanb
Le bbg is playing w herself. So cute.
Le italian soda. :3 Strawberry flavoured. :D ?? @ PastaMania twitterurl
Eh long time never see you at sku le ? twitterusername
Soccer in da morning with le #cataians Weeeeee! twitterurl
Le chef me about to cook #chefcasia twitterurl
Done x ray and i'm waiting for le result. :( takut
Back home after meeting up with le lost kid..
ruicong seriously too addicted to fun run le -.-
Hit le shower , gtg peeps . Have a good day :)
SEAsia News: News: Starwood unveils Le Meridien Bali Jimbaran twitterurl
{Le Vigne} Up to 30% off 60 Whiskies. twitterurl
Yay! Watching movie at cathay with le whole family!^^
Trying out le new clothes. Seems fit. :3
Le contract from Daya Bersih for me...etetete twitterurl
Sorry twitterusername  I know wrong le. I'm Sorry.
Ios 7 come out already? I didn't receive anything le.
Faster wed le. Suddenly feel like going school.
Waiting for le stepdad to bring home foooood
Cant wait for Tambun esok with le awesomenesss classmatessss!
#nowwatching World War Z with le roomate, twitterusername :)
Smoking le last stick under my block before heading up...
Nvm. Friday going mediacorp with le crew. :3
Who is this Jia Le Singtel is promoting ? Annoying
At LJS jurong point with the WOs & le nsf
Treasure cover in car with le sisters! Haha twitterurl
Chomping away again with le bf. Haha. twitterurl
Chillaxing with le bestie twitterusername at coffee bean holland village.
mightyboy7: lanadelrevupthosefryers: people who still replace ??the??? with ??le??? twitterurl
Usually I would take the initiative, but suan le bah.
Smpai woodlands trs mkn tk le angsss lapar dia
time to start getting stuff for cambodia.. le sigh
ya cause miss two ppl enough le ??? k twitterurl
This year passed so quickly!!! It's December le!!
Tak cukup the seven. Le girls. @ rumah apak twitterurl
Playing Pokemon fire red all over again on le laptop.
Zhang Le Tian. (Photo credits: Channel8 FB) twitterurl
Seoul Garden buffet with le bros twitterusername twitterusername
rt ??twitterusername Going 4am le and im still wide awake.???
With le brothers (@ Driving Range @ JGCC w/ twitterusername twitterurl
I'm at Le Nest w/ twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Watching wujud 9 xtreme now w le family
Reunion dinner with le siblings and cousins #family #cheng twitterurl
Knocked off le. ?????? Thank god not til 11.30!
Photo: Enjoying le Jacuzzi! #treehouse #pool #enjoy twitterurl
Gotta tahan abit more !! Last 2 rounds le
Hopefully dapat ot after work today. Forcing le body.
Working on le bed late at night. #hustle #letsgo twitterurl
planning a mothers day gift. w le father and brother.
Wtf why no cab one. I going late le la!!
Shisssshaaa (@ Le Lac Restaurant w/ 3 others) twitterurl
Everyone watch le ah!? I no time sia
Mane2? X mention ag pown. . Takot le tuh. . :-p
Photo: Waiting for le food! #hungry #excited twitterurl
FRIDAY NIGHT LE! I should be out having fun.
Heading out to bishan with le parents ! :) twitterurl
I'm still over here laughing at le amber  though
lepaking with le twitterusername twitterusername mac cpf leggo
ceci out le meeeeeeeeeeeeeeh? today 18feb only leh o.o gorgeroussssyessssunggg
Are u kidding me?! Wanna sleep le then hiccup
what le doing .. youtube blog tumblr twitter facebook . twitterurl
Going Bugis to teman le' feefaron buy hat.
long time no wish at 11:11 le!!!
Woaa goodmorning guysss just woke up from le nappp
using le comp to tweet aft a long time
Heading to macd now to have lunch with le classmates.
Gonna sent le bitch to school ah cb cb ! Malasnya
Le bored. First part of Nithing Like Us, DONE
hehe now can see yeye's chubby cheeks le >O<
Cong le kena rabak influence by me all :') #proud
??twitterusername @ vivo now with le bros??? MNA sia hais
Monday going out with le ex i guess
twitterusername i receive email le leh . My classmate also
twitterusername changed to iPhone le? Or still using Samsung?? :/
iPhone 5 : Mobistar attire le chaland #iphone #apple:  twitterurl
Another check up during the month of May.. le sigh~~????
twitterurl - le bestie bought me macbeth chocolate cigar mmmmm
Currently at Boon Lay CS-ing with le besties
Why traffic jam le. my vomit wan come out liao
Done with my autocad quiz. 10% le. Like finally ~~
Maybe, that's how le girlfriend felt about me.
Le bbg fell asleep while sucking her fingers. Lol
Mentally counting down the days till le weekend.
Before off to school <3 #justnow #morning #le #sissy. twitterurl
Need to make passport for le bbg soon! Hehe
Fan off yet I'm cold. The wind from le balcony.
Le big sis bought cupcakes from Twelve Cupcakes! ??????
I also want some freedom. I'm going 18 le.
All done. Now stoning on the chair outside le house.
CORRECT! HAHA ??twitterusername This twitterusername too free le???
finish eng le! dk if i do correctly or nt
Why like going lose it le den come cherish it?
2More hours she got to wake up le
My ankle got problem le. Must see doctor.
End work le n Sunday coming liao hehe ^^
Not studying w her le. Someth cropped up.
I want a big big le sucre :x
Sad, why my whole itunes no song le
Photobombed by le annoying half naked three year old brother.
Tmr no need rot at home le hopefully
Think she gg to wake up for work le
Going MBS with mama, dad, bruh, grandma & le fab cuzzy.
Ben kenji's family not coming out for CNY le! twitterusername
Bought food but I'm not eating. Le sigh
waduh x le tgk krja :( twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Le awl ahh mm veh ree boar eded.
Oh oh tee deeee with le bro ! #ootd ??? twitterurl
Choked on my saliva twice . Yesterday too . Not funny le
Go with east or north ? Aiya dini le
The master is driving le car...wowwww hahaha opalantezem twitterurl
Diam ah . ( ?????(O ?O)????? ) "twitterusername John carter with le girls ."
Outing with le crew at East Coast twitterurl
#Today #0408 #Break #Time #Le #Retarded #friends #Loves ? twitterurl
Heading to Sungai Gabai ! Spending leisure time with le guys!
Chilling out with le papacheong. <3 #twg twitterurl
All time favourite Bollywood Movie. Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. :)
There's CCA Phototaking later,yay le hockey team mates again??
Found job le but dont wna go. ): hais
Gotta feeling the festive lights outside le house is detached.
Just now no wipe away tears, now dry dry le><.
Omg so tired>.< go hm nid wash shirt le.
Le beach #beach #sunny #blue #sand #sea #fun twitterurl
Spending quality time with le family tonight. twitterurl
Check le shoulder bone (at National University Hospital) [pic] ??? twitterurl
I need to control myself from drinking le .
Ystr toilet shot wif le singles bro hahahaha twitterurl
Watching videos with le students instead of revising
Cause aft that, might be playing soccer with le boys.
At expo with le twitterusername Waiting for Wendy ^_^
Finding le granny tonight and brining her for dinner <3
I just lost interest in studying for today. Le sigh.
Heading to zoo now with le boy & his family! ???
???? put in weight le... chubby face lol twitterurl
Now the maths syllabus and teaching style all changed le....
Shall spam girlfriend with le unglam pics! twitterusername
I'm running late. Meeting le bf for dinner what what!
le sian~ need to ask Farid oppar for help soon ><
Long time no wear le~ #dress #stripes twitterurl
Catching the sun with le socolov. (@ Pantai Lagenda) twitterurl
Pic with le sis during dinner.... super vain idiot -.-! twitterurl
Le bbg is soooo grumpy these few days.
Le bbg is dancing to the tv. Hahah so cute.
Now channel U 10pm got no nice shows le..
Done lunch with le classmates. I'm so full.
le biologists at the top of johor. .... #sampling #fun twitterurl
I tot sec 4 co members dunning go CO le?!?!
Safely arrived at tg leman w/ le families
Half the class playing fun run in le class ! Hahaha
Karaoke session bebajet Anuar Zain w le roommate si twitterusername
Woah shit my cousin at le road and Im smoking. :/
Having some fun with le housemate twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
stop hacking me dearly le mamito erlo tantrasia twitterusername
17 come out le yay just upload everything la??????
Somehow,i getting use to watch sunrise/sunset le!(;
Le boyfriend and I looking creepy as hell. twitterurl
Looking forward for 26may . Photoshoot with le cousin for wedding.
Day uncount. Keep missing le sisters and brothers :')
Now there's Angmoh couple sitting with me. Le sigh!
That awkward moment when le old tactic was used
Have no pulsa blas yu pny msg le wkwk twitterusername
??twitterusername cannot tahan the 2faced person, le tian.???
Sun of Master marathon now w le girls.
Makan makan . . celbrte my birthday with le family :)
Me with le ugly face bro. #throwback #cousinswed #kbye twitterurl
Will have more time for le bbg tonight then! Hehehe
Preparing breakfast : Cheddar roll for le brotherhood tersayang. twitterurl
stomach upset much better than this morning le sigh
"I'm willing to change just for you." *le jaw drops*
So long le no reply what happened sigh
how to say fuck you in Sindarin : "Rhachon le!"
Just hope laughing with le girls will cure me :')
I'm at Cafe Le Duong Nguyen Sieu (Prey Nokor) twitterurl
lmao anton casey got fired... *le claps hands slowly*
Why no one support me haha idw work le la
Lunch with le long lost sis #lunch twitterurl
Sea Aquarium with le bestfriend this week. twitterusername
Cramps for 8h already. I cannot le wtf
Le long long stare at my phone bill. \
Dating with Love one Le bosses ??? #sharetea twitterurl
still awaiting for ice cream w le hubs.
Dk how long nv buy this le twitterurl
can you stop being cute? ??? stop le.. why cute! twitterurl
twitterusername no more le , I no longer mounting Liao ;D
Tmr shopping time, and happy can meet someone le. ??
Hi at ISH now with le Nak Muays
Texting w le aca-annoying girl while doing FA.
Waiting for le boy to end his work.!,. ?
waiting for le boy to wake up haisss
HAHAHAHAH twitterusername 's face :') with le twitterusername twitterurl
anyways, waiting for le ayah to finish bathing.
Driving along and le wild kangaroo appears twitterurl
Now Eunhyuk also got weibo le.... waiting for twitterusername (:
Think my eye degree come back after 5years le LOL
Do & Me spring chicken ?? share this with le family. twitterurl
The day w/ loreng outfit xD w/ le wira twitterurl
Xin Hian Kuai le to all my chinese friend !
Me not spending enough time with le girlfriend = Depression.
Um I'm going to Melaka today with le family yeayy
Le mum ?? idontknow why her face so round  ?? twitterurl
I want to get my Le boo something for valentines
Today got lots of hwk and le still bainian-ing
Gonna wear new kicks tomorrow to school with le friends
Hmmm raining le Hope u at work won't feel cold: (
Yeah end work le. Happy got people come fetch me. ??
Getting ready for maghrib fard prayer w/ le amigos
Waiting for twitterusername so I can bake le brownies
see so late le my brain not functioning properly
I unlock one of the songs le hahahaha twitterusername twitterusername
I'm hunting for the food at le cousin wedding..
First time eating here. #dinner @ Le Gourmet twitterurl
Why le timeline full of accident thingy?apa sia terjadi? ??
Le cousins are all so good looking hahahaha ??
"twitterusername Having communication talk now...sian ah!! Gonna slp le >^<"
Old chang kee from le supervisor as tea break ? twitterurl
Le birdie is sleeping. Ahhhhh, that pig ah.
Hoping to go bmt together with le pennysg mate twitterusername
xie le baobei ?? RT twitterusername Wapiang ! Alicia used me :(
In le bus now going back to cck. :)
Funshion you're my everything. Pls le me watch walking dead
I am excited waiting for le reply. Hehhhe
Going out soon then like want rain le ?? .
Movie with le boy twitterusername mall. #Boyfriend #love #sweet? twitterurl
Ahh omg my house no more space le ><
Having a real one on one talk with Le Chocolate...
Le papacheong playing his ps3 like a small boy. <3
With twitterusername at The Cellar Le Cafe Et Petisserie ??? twitterurl
Going back to le village rn i'm so tired.
Where to later?Since girlfriend is with le parenta...
Cockroaches found at le house while cleaning ohmagod ?? HAHAHAHAHAHAH twitterurl
All so old so ugly !!!! Hahaha twitterusername  Last le!!!!
At NUH now with le girl. Woaaah i miss attatchment :'))
Ugh gotta finish editing le blog by 1.20
Le bbg is soooo tired. Fell asleep even before lunch.
Now currently in le car hikhik . Mode : Happy much !
So long never talk to twitterusername le ); haha
Cold stone treat from le best bro muhdfaezil twitterurl
cannot see emoji bc no wifi *le cries*
le sigh... why off days so fast over :(
Hoping to do smtg tmrw with Le familia
A day with le uncle paman ayep. Thanks yo!! ;) twitterurl
sculpture walk tmrw @ singapore river with le art mates,yayyyy?
You seems insisting not replying me. Le sigh
Sian.. today cannot go JEM to see the shops le
tango with le best guyfriend hehehe ~ twitterusername twitterurl
Feeling better than in the morning le e.e
Should I join them tomorrow? Clubbing after that le... hmph
This lesson is very sian le. Can die liao.
Lunch with le mother at woodlands Teh Tarik Makan House
Going out with le boys twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and Aizudin
Done with maths and a chem revision.. le sigh..~~
Le bestie bot gong cha for mua ? thanksies ? fickl3bones twitterurl
meeting le mum at cwp for lunch/dinner lolzxc
Wanna sleep le but the song is so nice T_T
Lol i wake up liao but the concert end le....
Char kuew teow in the evening with le sisters.
...and so I got scolded from le dear. :(
Cuaca dah not bad le now. Hujan please
Le Birthday Girl choosing her dinner! #marinasquare #cafecartel twitterurl
Photo: Le Birthday Girl choosing her dinner! #marinasquare #cafecartel twitterurl
Small girl big appetite.  Le lamb shank. twitterurl
As long as mum don't suspect can le :P
Woke up from nap and le mother is missing ._.
Weyh if done just le me know okey twitterusername
Forgot the feeling of being on plane le lol
Wah long time never see until so Shuang le
Watching kang xi lai le talk about girls topic haha
Dinner with 'le' friend. (@ Warong Pokok Cheri) twitterurl
really screw for pcb sia. sibei jialat le
Bringing le momsy to the market again tml!
"twitterusername 4weeks of holiday..Like not enough le"
Ohhh fb app ok liao can download le yay lol
Hungry le lor can't wait to eat tmrwwwwwwwwww
Wtf y no bus one I v hungry le leh
Those mr with le thick mustache was freaking annoying.
Le wild Esther waiting for that somebodyyyyyy ah. twitterurl
#nowplaying Cate Le Bon - I Can't Help You\
While waiting for le girl to be home twitterurl
Kns my cough getting worse. Kuai si le
with le beatfriend omw to toa payoh xoxo
On second thought, i'm not tired le. LOL
SIAN I go watch another thing le lo
Whatsapping with le classmates abt dropping which subj. Hahah :/
shall skip all the electronics during le trip.
popcan a pris cher sur le team no sleep riddim !!
On my way pi iftar with le classmates :)
Can't wait to iftar with le Pri Sch :)(:
Iftar with le usuals later on. Reunion time
Going terawih with le bros at Al Khair later on.
168 at hilltop... ok not going le lol
Ph tahan so many hrs le, shall charge & slp soon.
At al-azhar nw, having lunch with le parents
Out going to mak uda crips with le family :)
"twitterusername Breakfast together with le family"untunglah dah kat jb.
My first birthday. Drooling while eating le cake ;p twitterurl
Going watch insidious 2 with le sibblings today ^^
Paper over can celebrate le Wooooooooop ! Party time yeah b'arty !
finally going to a halloween event w le bestf twitterusername
describe twitterusername ??? Cute heh she forget me le twitterurl
My vulgar coming out le!!! 4-0!?! What is this!?!?!
Always having the love-hate relationship with le phone. Crap...
Zhang Le Tian ????????! Photo credit: Channel8 FB twitterurl
Yay, tonight steamboat with le family for dinner @ Bugis!  ????
I wonder how Le Yang made the emblem tho
Cant wait to break fast w le family
Watching super spontan with le dad on the lappie.heh
Movie with le familia after eating our dinner at Arnold's.
I think next is not steal le, cfm KaJiao liao.
And where's the bus? Oii nak balik le ni!
:: End work.. now waiting for the le ladiez to arrived..
WITH LE ANNOYING BAOBEI TODAY. ?????? #nofilter #bitches #in #action twitterurl
Going straight tonight. no time go Home chg le.
having le hubs now is all that matters.
To the clinic i go, tomorrow. Le sigh. Gooodnighttttt
Le sister watching twitterusername video! Junior #ridhwannabes twitterurl
And watching horror movie with le siblings. Leggo
Going to NUS with le babes. twitterusername twitterusername
same thing but feel different means different le lorh.
Le brats. Quite well behaved. For brats. Heh twitterurl
With le beautiful bestfriends aleeyaxx twitterusername :* #bestfriends #love #hijab twitterurl
should have gone to Far East instead le! ??
Little le en is going home this Sunday alrd! ??
Yesssss. Jollibee for dinner tomorrow with le family. ??
Srsly comp coming le yet tests are everywhere
On the way le fecthing babyyy at school .
Don't feel like paying attention in class anymore, le sigh.
Done eat with le family . Keep calm and perform solat .
Pegang S3 will not stop with le camera xx
And will be alone with le bro tmr.
Okok. Time to off 3G le. Plane moving~~
Movie with le boy! #Cathay #movie #show #boyfriend #love. twitterurl
Pong World remporte le challenge Atari Pong iOS twitterurl #apple
I haven't tweet using my mac quite awhile le haha
ltr gg do hmwrk then can use fone le..
le happy dogs sleeping comfortably on the bed twitterurl
projection tone okay le shall work on that next practice
tmr tweet less le lorh faster tweet today haha
decided to forgo buying my headphones. le sighz
I'm off to jb with le mum and sister! (: twitterurl
i lik alot of x le but cnt
Shopping for grocery for le baby to eat.
#DontBotherMeWhen I'm playing games on le computer. :B
Phone bat flat le, luckily got charger here. ??
My morning face. ?? W le puffy eyes twitterurl
GOGO work one more day then off le e.e
Whoop won Alan ?? . Tomorrow got show watch le :D !
heading to Senai with le ustazah and pengantin baru :D
Bumped into le drug dealer in the mrt . ??
Breakfast from le bro omg am I dreaming.
Arrived area Gombak Setia and met with le junior here......
No more pic le ba i think. Tmr than upload
march holi? ...surely got trainings then cnt le sianzzz
Heading to somewhere with le cousins and my brother :)
Damn tired wandering around K.Terengganu with twitterusername and le family ?
What Le Kia got for valentines twitterusername >>>>>> bitch
Lunch with le family. #chinesenewyear #cnymeal #11022013 twitterurl
So happy to see le bbg eating well!??
confirm won't reach by 4.30pm le lorh U_U
The topic like more to topic 3 le
Guess what? Watching breaking dawn with le sissy mendak siol
So long never go gym Le now all like shit
Le chilling @ starbucks. The best place in town :D
Thank u Lover :) RT twitterusername Yinhle le avatar --> twitterusername
Izzah cant stalk le crush coz his ig private HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
just got home. tired is seriously an understatement ?? le sigh.
This always happens. Reachong home then not sleepy le.
With le bitch bestie twitterusername for dinner. ?? @ Fish & Co. twitterurl
Cong le kena journey to the west all :')
Le noir was amazing!!! #lenoir #nuffnang #churpchurp twitterurl
Knock offfff! Shall rush home to see le bbg.
My phone battery starting to give me problem le.
haha le adults talking about migrating to australia mwhehehehe
Le Uncle: Eh boy had been building your body huh?\
Say hi to le awesome classmate of mine twitterusername ?? twitterurl
Le way to Johor Bahru. Bye bye Batu Pahat.
Walao so sweet / touching till want cry le ?? ..
Just pat and Feed le bbg to sleeeeep!
Feel like baking next Sunday for le classmates.
Yay. Le bbg is finally teething! Finallyyyy. Lol
With le bro twitterusername ??? (@ Suriya Curry House) twitterurl
This bus driver siao leh anyhow drive... headache le
Le Messy Workplace. Finals dah bermula. Wish me luck :) twitterurl
meeting le bff tmr. can claim my cookies alrrrr.
Not tired tweeting about her, I read le also tired ??
Good meyyooning instafriends ! Yes , those are le winner for #gabynazs !!\
haven't started on any homework. omg I'm seriously screwed le ..
Heh heh... Found le EC's facebook. Let the stalking begin... ><
At the library chilling with le small sis twitterusername
Oh no. Le papacheong is having fever as well! Wth!
Having dinner at west coast with le parents
Sending le armyboy twitterusername off to Taiwan! ? twitterurl
In le trauj now. Finally now going home. :D
Doing math for 4 hours le HAHAHAHAH. Slack.
yay le sissy coming... fag i miss her xx
Gonna set up & dinner with le family :). Jemput makan :)
Le dear's stalking me on Twitter!! Haha. Hello, baby. ?
Been slacking for more than an hour le...
Tmrw going out with le father's side family
In le car on my way to work
Shit lah .. My show start then teacher coming le .... :(
Gonna bathe again, then off to le masjid...
Snacking before heading home (@ Le Pain Quotidien) [pic]: twitterurl
Ohmy my bro got people want go whack him le .
Going back to le village for aunty's wedding.
With Esna. And le dear coming soon. (at twitterusername twitterurl
Need more tees! Meeting le korkor next Monday!
bio le RT twitterusername My one last lembur night tonight \\(????`)/
Going to Jusco Taman Universiti with le brothers :)
Going swimming at Jurong east with le mates
Thankgod my school's in town. But bad traffic :( Le Sighs!
Ass back home from malaysia with le classmates~
Omg tat April's body found le huh? Uncle dun open!
Le precious pink boots is gone before training. Haisss...
Helping  le classmates out for filming tomorrow. Yay.
"twitterusername Hujan. Rahmat le ni. Hewhewhew. Alhamdulilah. Hee"hewhew
Precious ??? Le sibling My everything @ Maha Vihara Duta Maitreya (???????????????) twitterurl
Le "grass" verge at geylang east library twitterurl
Koloh mee and mushroom soup. My le favourite ???
Now I know where I stand haha suan le
Le aunt will be delivering arnold's chicken later.yahooooo cant wait
#nowplaying [Le Festin] from the album [Ratatouille] by [Michael Giacchino]\
Im out with le momma. To geylang we go.
Haven been having any good sleep lately. Le sigh.
Nuuu way ~ sleep does not exist in le dictionary !!
Rise & shine! Meeting le cute gals later whoop whoop ???
now omw to le Hospital pakar regency seri alam.
Debating on Apple vs Samsung with le roommates. Grrr'
Sending le papacheong to airport again later. Hurrrrr
Le ticket! #ticket #whatdogisthis #hk #hongkong #hongkongdisneyland twitterurl
Done with the clothes . Now its time for le tummy .
Chilling session with le bestfriend after so loooooooong.
Which netball girl!! Describe her ??? Le yee I think! twitterurl
Early dins with le familiaaaaaa (@ Restoran Rawa w/ twitterusername twitterurl
Now Spinnin DJ Ayum - We Belong by Fedde Le Grand
#nw pacific rim with le bros. Demm autocorrect
Congrates cousin.official engineer marin.makin hitam le kau twitterurl
Watching Pizza 2: Villa with Le family at home haha
Le Petit and Rustic Gili ... twitterurl #MxUA #travel
Coughs mabby being gay for le uncle coughs
Wahpiang eh can I faster reach balestier fml die le
ACTUALLYYYYY we'll be needing the books le sigh
Wtf is this? Faster end leh I hungry le! twitterurl
Just a few drop of waters then stop rain le.. ???????????....
Happybirthday twitterusername Have a blast! :-) Dun emo le!
Coffee with le LG. #Waffleslayer waffleslayer @ Strangers' Reunion twitterurl
Le girlfriend so stoked! Want to buy lb already.
Wa hse wifi making me turn until angry bird le
Fuck...next bus 10min .already going 11 le sia
Cooking demo at Le Cordon Bleu New Zealand. twitterurl
bottom half of le bag is wet ok can?????
Le cat cuddle weather sia this one! twitterurl
Fetched le mom for some good hawker food
A little gift to myself! Heehee @ Le Treehouse twitterurl
Smoking le last stick with twitterusername under her block..
My eyes closing le ! Tahan tahan ... 20more minnn ???? !
Alone Waiting for le little brother from mosque
With le BFF of 8years ? #bff #singapore #instagram twitterurl
With le cuz Mareenah at fish&co twitterusername twitterurl
Wake-up late with le boys. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername & Guyvan.
Watching Warm Bodies with le girlfriend at Shaw Lido now
I cannot see the line le ... how now xD
Apparently le deanne got a permanent shot gun seat haha
Nah twitterusername . Camwhore and selfca with le boys! Hehe twitterurl
Alone in le room with the light switched off .
hips dont lie #np ewah ewah #throwbackoldsongs w le twitterusername
Mass orgy in the bus with LE SC.
Wtf?? I oso neh wear contact lens now le..
Lazy to decorate le... sorry for the bad handwriting people ! :(
Le ex trying to start a convo with me ??
Le bbg finally slept. Time to do my things now!
The boys in le class omg i can't stop laughing ?
Going to manhattan fish later with le family for dinner! ^^
Heading to thr wedding with le family and twitterusername . // love
Don't rain leh!! So long since I played soccer le!
Reached home and le bbg is taking a nap. Hehe
Not sleeping with my bb tonight. Le sigh.
Finish watch le drama. Arghhhh sian back to reality~
Shall try magic mushroom one day...with le gf... #partnersincrime
"twitterusername Time to sapu some EB le eh :')" chalatsters all :')
Andy and Doreen break le ah ??? ya why! twitterurl
im off to meet le girls before heading to school???
Slacking and having supper with le classmates tonight ?
Hope this June Holidays got plan with le bros.
Timeline is empty bc khai is not here *le cries*
On my way to take a breakfast with le parents.
Hope can on le phone with her later on ! Hehe ??
Food date with le bitch twitterusername =)) payback for not eating
Gonna cut my fringe le ! So freaking long haha
Eh fuck, keep forgetting camwhore w/ le sexy tongues! ?? twitterusername
Siap siap uh. Later meeting le excos outside sch~
With le pretty girls twitterusername twitterusername missingdeers twitterurl
Feeling a little distracted le. So tired and hungry!
Siaping rn to me le bestfriend at cwp mwehehehe
LOL zzz what is this suan le ba???
le done spamming will be back again midnight /smirk/
IMM housekeeping w le ma managers and mates till 5am
First thing when home, rush to hug le bbg.
Eggs benny brunch @ coffee bean with le bf. ???????????????. :D twitterurl
Gonna take care of le bbg myself again tonight! Hohoho
At rc now but this time at jurong le
Acting professional with le sister. We are emailing. Hahahahahahaha
Yesaa confirm getting an itouch le! but needa wait! :D
Nt nice le RT twitterusername twitterusername nak pancakes please. ;(
#Nw mirrors 2 w le housemates. Hahahaha acah funtion je
Guess wo you yao sheng bing le. keep coughing~
Suwit suwit ley . "twitterusername done watching "Taikun" with le' girls ."
Gg Changi Airport for le course now???? Travel&Tourism!! twitterurl
Why today's weather so hot again. Le sigh ??
Shoot me now or shoot me later, m'sieur le Mayor
Going on a field trip later on with le classmates
Got lost omw home from woodlands me blur diao le;/
i wan wear the brown heels,perhaps tues le.
I didnt know... my cousin going to be 40 le... ?
Morning ah neh think Today u start working le ba
I feel like going for a swim with le friends.
chsing one more thingy then can start drawin le
Somehow i miss hacking le fuchunians fb acc... Etc twitterusername ?
Lol!! I so long never see this SL le ><
Shopping for CNY hamper with le mum ? twitterurl
Phone draining le. Lucky I brought my portable charger along. ??
Now at expo with twitterusername  and le familia
At Nani's hse now. Watching Mama with le awesome people.
Want to meet Jong Kook le! He so cool..? #swag
Le brother can you be my sugar brother? :3
Got people ask le what!!! ??? stop it twitterusername twitterurl
Had fun with le classmate. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Apple vs Samsung : Nous attendons le verdict?? twitterurl #android #france
As you can see I miss le red ??. twitterurl
Le snow! #omfg #snow #israel #excited #yay twitterurl
done my cca work le... now to homework
With le long lost cousins, Aidie & Fikri berg twitterurl
le bestie is coming over with Macbeth cigar! *screams* HAHAHAHAHA
*^* chanyeorr yah hcu rt that ;~; le isnt ebil
Going to somewhere with le family! Yeayy ?? twitterurl
Meeeting le boy tomorrow after his work.Happy girl is happy.!
Went swimming with le baby just now twitterurl
Must finish at 2 then go home sleep liao le
Roost with le bloodsaka twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
My brain sot le fever making me crazy
Bought something for le mother (@ Crabtree & Evelyn @ Suria KLCC) twitterurl
Dinner at pastamania with le Jive Family :) twitterurl
Blame that you're not trying hard enough. Le sigh
Exhausted already. I think i cant watch drama le.
Yessss finally got some shows to watch le~
??twitterusername Why am i so suay today???se le nge
Seriously... I must work on my sleeping pattern le... haix...
Totally agree le -_- , fucked up life RT twitterusername Perfect twitterurl
wah gd today last concert le. FFFFF MY LLLLL.
#nowplaying Timeflies - I Choose U (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
Shall sleep soon but uniform wet and not ironed le
Jiarou, Joey, ejan, Cheu Le, Sheikee all so pretty.... Gorgeous.
X box so expensive . If not I bid le
why the bus so long ah. Cb le.
trying to arrange something for le family over next weekend... :)
Sian la too much talking le :S #MAMA2013
Heading to Pizza Hut Kuala Pilah with le housemate :D
Cannot wait for cycling sesh w le bros!
Sea Aquarium date with le bestfriend this coming Wednesday. twitterusername
liang ge goal from gunners jiu okay le. come on.
Shall pat le bbg to sleep and off we go!
My cheeks getting chubbier urgh no hope le la fuck
Sweating like mad wtf this weather kan re le!!
Sending our love and kisses to le chef :* twitterurl
Awaiting for you reach gonna die in hunger le.. twitterurl
aiyah as long as i know my feelings can le.
Weeeee drama last ep finish le!!! The Heirs lo
w twitterusername at cafe le caire sheesha-ing twitterurl
Have a dinner at Steak house with le Familys!
Farewell Nitya and Ashton! (@ Le Quartier w/ 9 others) twitterurl
Mentong petang with le familia :) (@ Restoran Indas Maju) twitterurl
Waiting for le mommsy at the dental clinic.
Lunch with le uncle and aunty (@ Sri Hainan Kopitiam) twitterurl
dont know what u doing le damn creepy twitterusername twitterurl
You see?! QT twitterusername twitterusername LE JIEJIE! Lets meet up for dinner at le Jack's place at clementi some day! :P
kalau shekyn tak kerja besok , nak maen bowling with zul and fiah and maybe aimi and maybe sab =) le three couples, le best.
Time is passing too fast le la!! So fast mid January le!!! Day 49 after last paper!! 28 days to enlistment!!!
??twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHA ): hope uh I going buck up real soon le??? What going! Now hor! I also bucking up le ??
HappyBdaeeeee twitterusername :) Finally ur bdae le wor! C so fast jiu dao ur bdae le, still so so long tat time! Have a blast!!
No like how people spuriously replace 'the' with 'le' (and now I look like I'm baiting people to 'le' at me *glare*)
Dota2 is fun... But den I still prefer LOL.. much more cuter ah! And plus.. I played damn long le! Xi guan le!! Hahahah!:P
OMG should I get that LE VER of Meikyuu. I should right. It's like the only one I don't have LE LOL
woah woah hunger game le. Haziqah r you excited. Catch catch fire le. Woah woah Can you see it?!! twitterusername you choose the ' right ' movie
I think girls who take zi lian then type an emotional caption damn funny le. like ur pic does not match the caption le. what's the point?
we 1:30pm start but he haven't come. he come le I tell you. I at home le. don't need bring anything for me haha
we 1:30pm start but he haven't come. he come le I tell you. I at home le. don't need bring anything for me haha twitterusername
phts all saved at the folder at laptop. nw so lazy nvr save le...forgot save til which one le. sualorh haha
TvT erm yah if chu see this kimchicheese.. ;~; pwease rmb to not rt le LHJ acc tweets TvT le is low profile. gumawo
Fml seriously.... Last booked out as a recruit and I had confirmed that I got zero chance of going to OCS le... time to geng le...
An American racer at Le Mans -  Cooper MacNeil's Autoweek blog: Hiking, riding a scooter all part of Le Mans w... twitterurl
your handwriting like 4 years old le. like writing a card for a teacher on teacher day sia. so many rainbow. twitterusername sibei cute le
cb le my sis. yesterday sis: ' you bring how much to Philippines? ' Me: ' 50 dollars ' sis ' there got factory outlet le, fred perry '
Toyota unveils TS040 HYBRID Le Mans car at Paul Ricard: New Le Mans prototype will generate almost 1,000 hp in... twitterurl
BEST COMBINATION THUS FAR. *BLOCK USER*QT twitterusername I freaking hate you said you freaking hate le use of le word freaking.
HAHAHA IKR . I is a ahlian now mancsz RT ??twitterusername twitterusername le..?! TASHA did you just say LE. Err, This is war????
Yeah!!!! Confirmed guaranteed plus chop got a place in NTU le!!!!! Can finally throw studies away for a while le :) twitterurl
Having lunch with le foremens. Le wild chio bu with nice ass walked pass. All foremen + me stare. And we look at each other *ICWYDT*
le kua la le kua la everyday so late sleep nowonder pimples all coming out nb serve you right la Ken.
Why google play no have PVZ2?!?!?!?!?! Sucky much. Using le old phone which passed on to le ahgong and play PVZ2. HAHAHAHA!!!
Wooots! Le sis twitterusername returned home with 3 huge cups of bubble tea for le fam jus as I finished packing my wardrobes! ^^
ouo nu le is weird RT twitterusername You craji oul RT twitterusername oh em ji typo le zonic hands make zonic typo ouo
CNY Reunion Dinner tomorrow at Le Le Pot.yes it's not halal and who says im eating.im just going for team sake.
Lmao wrong to eavesdrop but this kid just told her friend she went on tv this holiday on le le wo. LMAO... Haha cute
/le me practicing B.A.P One Shot dance moves/ [le wild dad appeared] "WAH SON, YOU WORKING OUT AH?" <3 i love my dad. hahaha
Stalking my girls and ya know it reminds me of le team IAK because the names somehow are similar. Hahahaah i miss le team thou.
Neel Jani takes final ALMS pole for Petit Le Mans at Road Atlanta: Defending champion at Petit Le Mans will st... twitterurl
I feel le darkness consuming my surrounding as i closes my eyes.
Getting ready to DM, fifth course for today to go, le dinner
Alltop RSS > Real Wedding | Le Courtil, Geneva | by Madrid Wedding Photographer Alec Seeger twitterurl #photography
expecting us explain everything :/ liddat i can be teacher le right?
It's all about good food. #sumptuous #dinner #place #western #family @ Le Gourmet twitterurl
Cab with empty stomach is hurtful... Now got headache and feel like vomiting le... :(
Nowadays cannot do last min hw le otherwise my hw'll b accumulated. ??????
Annoying ley. The likes ???????? catch up le than catchup by so many likes again.
Okay hi guys. Texting with two le' besties. I meant whatsapping.
Switch off 3G line to save shell life of le battery
Guess who going to watch chingay with le girlfriend now hehehe.
seriously, late night le. give me peace. one thing's for sure~ I don't do that.
Gong Xi Fa Chai Xin Nian Kuai Le @ Castle Green Condo twitterurl
me: ibu, fiqah punya candycrush tak le connect to fb seh.\
Waiting for father do finish the car thing then can drive back le :F
Happy Chinese New Year for those who celebrate it. Xin Nian Kuai Le. Gbu
Craziness with le sista twitterusername ;) #crazy #sister #family #love #sibling twitterurl
Morning . Happy chinese new year ! Xing nian kuai le ! Gong xi fa cai !
In mum's car, otw to grandma's hse. Rain getting heavier le.
blasting le music on Saturday afternoon. this is how i chill~
Ayigbe Edem doppelganger Dieumerci Mbokani has given Claude Le Roy's men the lead against Mali.
Okay! I swear! I shall put my phone to charge and sleep le...........
Thanks for watching le acapella cover! Its time to arrange new acapella! twitterurl
Hanging out with Le brother in his room and sharing random snacks. ^^
With le cute schoolmates just now in school during recess.?? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Weak RT twitterusername Cnnt take it le..... Still got 2 more hrs sia!!
always wanting to cycle but never knowing where to. Le sigh~
My fone sot till cannot sot le. Nw all de contacts messed up omg.
Today shopping and I bought 4 jubah 2 for le kids 1 for mama :-)
Possibilities of watching Ah Boys To Men 2 tomorrow with le boys :) .
SAP: Channel Sales Executive (LE CSE) (w/... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??...) twitterurl #Sales #sap #sapjobs #Job
Anyhoos, got home just on time for le Blindside on channel 5 :D
me and tht family not ? le .. why must i be th one sia?:/
Jogging with le botak brother yesterday.#Throwback #latePost #jogging #exercise #afternoon fadzleely twitterurl
haha saw them so many times ~ i wan see shinhwa too le twitterurl
And le girlfriend gave me a card hehehe luv you to bits. x twitterusername twitterurl
I miss the times when we text each other saying " xiang xiang le " after bathing :(
Meeting le boy & his family later after his work for dinner together ?
Here also! RT ??twitterusername twitterusername whatsapp me , le me wanna see ?????
Okay, time to sleep! Tmrw will be a long day in front of le mac : /
Hope tmr dont rain. Going to fort canning with le family
Wo yao si le RT twitterusername Studying is damn painful (not literally la) and torturous zzz
Reading back my convo with le dear last night, makes me laugh. He actually sound desperate.
Wawawa all memorise or study le. I'm still watchin anime and playing computer game
Bringing mommsy, grandparents, brother and le bbg out for lunch tml! ;)
In le way making my kerja KH. Omooooooo -,- Apak susah when done it alone. Brb :)x
Apin is getting obsessed with these female celebrities. Rindu ex girlfriend le tu, hehe.
Gile ahhhh bas bhnti tgh jalan! RT "twitterusername In le bus with twitterusername and twitterusername
Hello. Le at Jurong Point, Long John Silver with mummy :) Saw me say hi :3 twitterurl
I saw bojun on bus and I told him wa ga le gong
Sill not home and wanna sleep le , then Shan , Chuan laugh at me ?? .
Done booking pit on the 25 march at ecp area D37 for le class.
luckily food was provided. i tot not sia>< yay! then nt hungry le
Watching movie trailers at ehub cinema now ._. Legs so suan wanna go back chalet le leh :(
freak man, math acelearning duration oni 1 hr cnt do slowly le siannzzzzz
Le Usuals. Thanks again for sending me off! Love you guys! ?? twitterusername twitterusername dankotaroche?? twitterurl
HAIYO twitterusername Wah Ka Le Gong go find someone your own size to stalk!
Trying to research on which pre school to send le bbg to! Headache! #kiasu #lifeasamother
Gonna watch warm bodies today.. nvr watch movie v long le..
Pecah laju with le girls, twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and Katty :)
Long time no come here le.. @ West Coast Park Seaside twitterurl
??twitterusername Best of luck JOJO twitterusername xing zai le huo KNS
My face is that of a war zone. Le sigh... Post Field Camp ruined complexion.
??twitterusername twitterusername which door you say? Serious le ! I frm mbs sia -.-??? my workplace. ??
sheng ri kuai le bb twitterusername <3 wo ai ni! cya soon <3
Gonna go swimming with le classmates. What a good weather to swim in!
Continue sleeping then you don't need to go work le.  twitterusername
Aiyoooo Astro pulak buat hal. So let's finish le homework ??? hehe
I kept thinking how does this Keek running. But who cares? Upload all le video ~~~~
Putting on le mineral mask for 15 minutes, while reading cleo! :)
Having a Le kickback smoking a lil grass and shaking some ass !
#pennysg #pennyboard #pennyaustralia #sentosa with le penny mates ~ awesome time . twitterurl
Sleep over iqins house to go off airport the next morning to send le guest
Where is the man jia le at far east!!! My fav yuan yang no more!!!! Criessssss
Baby, go tuition la! twitterusername ! I'm going shopping now with le parent!:*
Ashtray for le ffriend twitterusername #BKK #ash #tray #smoke #enjoy twitterurl
Waiting for my Mom to finish cooking le chicken rice :3
#iGrewUpWatching my dad showing his love towards le wife and kids
Le cousins o(^^o)??(o^^)o  yatiisuriyati twitterusername flyingpandashii twitterusername twitterurl
Cuddling with le bbg on the bed. No work today, nothing. Awesumz
My bias revealed his abs during MTV Diary... *le faintsssssss twitterurl
esok will going to sunway with family and maybe with le cousins :3
Done karaoke session with le friends (@ Diva (Taman Suria) w/ 2 others) twitterurl
What a tiring day. But still i had fun with le girls. ;)
I'm having a great day today along with le lil brother, buharrii :) #hangout #Persada #Joyful?? twitterurl
Sobs my phone no batt le but if i charge i cannot use T__T
Fedde Le Grand & Nicky Romero feat. Matthew Koma - Sparks (Vicetone Remix): twitterurl via twitterusername #FUCKINGDOPE
"twitterusername twitterusername what vid?? :p i also wanna see le~~ :D"  twitterurl !!
Enjoying le mini tv now!! #extend #drama #enjoy #charliesheen #twoandahalfmen twitterurl
Dun even need blanket lol i just need yeye pillow can le haha
twitterusername depending on which Kindle ur getting. lowest about $200 can get le. twitterusername twitterusername
Prototypes montr??s par Chris Stringer dans le proc??s contre Samsung #samsung: \
twitterusername lim Chu Kang camp 2 ! Going bath now & head to camp le .. Tsk ... .__.
twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername WAH WHY SO HAPPENING! wa Lao I super gian to club now le.
twitterusername I dun have thumb drive sia :( FML .... Nvm I settle le , jio u Tgt !! :)
I added a video to a twitterusername playlist twitterurl Le Apple Hotel (Room Tour)
GO SHOWER LAAA RT??twitterusername I lazy shower le. omg I'm stinky like tofu.???
Family =) RT twitterusername aaawwww..le techies working hard on #LYNCES13 :o) twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
I'm not ready yet for le presentation. I'm a dead meat.
Meeting Le Pipsqueak for dinner then gonna go watch Les Mis??rables!!
Panda Pic: New Av Idea: Le Sugar {FeeFee.Flux} posted a photo:\
shall wait for le phone to charge before heading out to get my weight gainer.
Fuck la idw work tt job zzz but I'm alr inside how cannot quit le :(
;)) RT twitterusername Biology: Done awesomely thanks guys ivenyk twitterusername twitterusername ! Social summary: *le crickets singing* :|
ya ever since my bro got his room i could vent my anger etc thr le...
Sent le cousin and her friend to the library. Now off to meet bf
Le devil has spot reserved for all of you. Rude af lmaoooo
Dinner with le family (@ Restoran Mee Bandung Muar Taman Dahlia) twitterurl
*Looking at timetable* ...  only can lepak tues,wed,fri, sian le T.T
LMFAOOO not @ Sean Kingston trying to squeeze his big ass into le OHB crew tho ;---;
Since cant go jogging with le brother with this wheather hujan.Its okay. Workout je.
Not even a morning text from you. Aiiyya dw care le lah.
ok know...Let me finish watching this movie.... #nw. Pierrot Le Fou twitterurl
Thanks to le photographer! Haha. Thanks for the basic edit too :D
Only myself to blame :"(  first round nia Jiu out le -___- SHAG .
"twitterusername #Gemini room may be a mess, but they know where everything is." Le bf.
??twitterusername Study-ing Maths now with le classmates??? waaaaah rajin lah
i miss seeing my eyecandy in person from le old workplace.
ehhh? when did I tweet that picture again I already did this morning le o.0
seriously i swear i will not anyhow spend money this few months le.. ROAR!!
........................ I'm Le out alone for awhile . . drive like a crazy girl . . wtv
With le awesome peeps! :D twitterusername vinzsss zabhir twitterusername vinzsss twitterurl
Done with workout and some games. Eye fucking pain, cannot see computer le.
Sebab tak le climb ah RT twitterusername Member twitterusername macam down only today. What happened?
CCA Fair fucking awesome got to meet with le old friends sigh miss you guysss
Lonely at hme this days....... le boyfriend busy with sch and uncle working or out
Lepaking with le boyfriend hahahahaha. Nothing better to do sia seriously.
After got to quit smoking n train hard le been lazy since 2week already ;(
Had lunch and heart to heart talk with le bestfriends twitterusername twitterusername
I want to bake a cake w le girls! Waaa missing the old time lotssss
Adorbs le;;;;;; RT twitterusername 130516 - ???? ??? ???!~ arrived KBS already ?? cr. twitterusername  twitterurl twitterurl
Ep12 can dont so touching or not. See le wanna cry siah.
Rabu minggu depan vacation along with le friendss. Last vacation maybe :'(
"twitterusername Worst pose ever . twitterurl ok pe ! Lawa jugak haha you look tall le waa
Finish packing my luggage le! Stupid ws make my luggage no space..
Watching horror movie w/ le cousins, I guess I'll have a hard time sleeping tonight ??
meeting for trip to jaybee w le gang (@ Restoran Khulafa Lama w/ twitterusername twitterurl
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #BuenosAires SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) Consultant at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs #Jobs
Noooo phone still got so long to recontract,feel like changing phone le~
Snap chatted with le bunch of friends from me contacts ,lol great bonding sesh.
Shit I kept eating and sleeping only nia!!!!! Surely become a pig le....
Overexposed le :( #love #instagood #tweegram #photooftheday #holiday #instamood #me #cute #male?? twitterurl
Le favourite , handsome , humble , lovable big brother !!! He's a brother from another mother but I?? twitterurl
Mahj after lol and le nest. Best combo ever. Now i feel like a zombie
W/ le awesome babe ?? #us #friends #tagforlike #singaporean #sg #camwhored #camwhorequeen #teen #youth?? twitterurl
Visiting le bbg pre school again tml! Hopefully no more disappointment!
Last two night dinner with le family @ home. #Best #night #together #bonding #love #dinner. twitterurl
W/ le #westcrew for lunch @ Pastamania earlier on! #friends #us #singaporean #sg #asian #teen #youth?? twitterurl
Two days left and one month of not seeing that person. Le sigh. ??
Thanks to le friend whom can heard my problem........ Thanks a lot
Maaan ??. really need to lose weight. Too many people looking down on me. /le sigh/
Haha i forgot le ah.hehe! last long anyway~ gonna add him in fb~... ??? Haha okayy!(: twitterurl
Throwback by twitterusername "Meatball with le girlsss.. 10 banyak sgt! Hahaha #love #laugh #storymory?? twitterurl
Cooperative can? I need sleep le la! Tomorrow training and i hardly even slept yesterday
Yay-ness. Going to dinner at Downtown with le familia. Only downside? Formal wear??????
Le instructors so cute hahahahahahahaha but I can't afford you as a personal trainer I'm sorrryyyyyy.
Finally home. Shall pat le bbg to sleep and head for some foot massage!
Spend my whole day sleeping non stop :| wa can die le.
Feels good to be chatting with le gf on the phone.its been awhile.
Saw the unhappiness from le bbg face when I bid her goodbye just now. :(
Sometimes, I think some people are just fucking smart.... too smart for normal human beings le...
I really hope I get the job at Springfield or le coq sportif LOL
yay done with the baking for today! I am le tired
Good day with le Famalia. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Wa just realized next week sch reopen le sigh :( holidays are not even holidays
midnight movie sudah with le sis. kbai nak tan tin ton
SAP: SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) Consultant Job ( #BuenosAires ) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job #Jobs
Having a study group and iftar here with le coursemates. :) (@ McDonald's) twitterurl
Otw home... nak tgok tv... mandi..  siap siap then off to geylang with le babies
yay! 3 ge ren jiang wo shou liao le. happiness overload!
Finally have some time to load le bbg birthday's dinner celebration to lappy.
I'm not good at planner. Always turn out another way round. Le sigh.
hi twitterusername what you doing later little girl? bring me out le plis
at far east plaza getting fried mars ball with le gf woo
Lol. Le papacheong just asked if I wan the Pandora charms. Hahaha
Gran respeto a #IsraelVibration un verdadero le??n!!! Gran show en #RototomSunsplash :D
Off to campus. Doing some last minute revision with le classmate. Let's go?
Catching up sesh w le babe twitterusername otp haha i miss her voice ???
??twitterusername crying "session" w le girls jn hahahais??? i know my video touching right
Le bbg is finally taking her nap. Time for some errands!
"Don't text girl, then text guy meh?" -Caleb Koa Zhu Le
AsiaClassifiedToday: Most Highly Regarded Firms: Information Technology 2013 - Who's Who Le... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
So le brother-in-law calls kakak and myself, busuk 1 and busuk 2.
Release stress via #planking with le brotherhood, Syarine and Mania. @ Live Your Life twitterurl
Can someone get me that new LE turquoise  Nintendo 3DS for my birthday HHAAHAH I WANTTT
heading to sgh at this hour. accompanying le brother to a specialist.
Lai le! I'm prepared to do a test without studying much. hahaha
Swimming: Le Clos, Hosszu dominate at World Cup in Beijing twitterurl
woah damn shag sia. Saturday I working for 9 hours le
At least le dear makes a great decision not to go and I'm proud of him.
#throwback brownies from le patient! (: happy #missy and let's grow fat tgether haha! #igsg #instasg?? twitterurl
Can I cry. Ohno freaking high-5ed fans FUCK, WO YAO KU LE
scared I made the wrong choice of entering electronics. computer programming le damn
Chilling at jab 1 tonight with le bruhs :) twitterusername twitterusername Sing our hearts out.
Bringing le family out for a dinner treat at Tanjong Pagar for some Korean BBQ!
HAHA no la! you cuter :) followed le! follow back ^_^ ??? Okay done twitterurl
Whoa I know le parents went to Bandung alr but where is everyone else??
a lil breakie before a long day of work today @ Le Peranakan Hotel twitterurl
Le Quoc Quan, Alex Au and a warning from Facebook twitterurl
Hungry and still having this bad cough. Ironically Coke didn't work this time round. Le sigh.
Haiz back to work tml. I seriously cannot wait to change job le lol
Playing some scramble with le boy early in the morning hahahaahaha
Braised Cherry Foie Gras with Red Wine @ LE Restaurant & Asian Tapas Bar twitterurl
Haha.. Enough teasing le.. Im Jy. NA de. ??? Wapiang eh Chey. twitterurl
Wtf why is my pay still not in. Today already 12 le sia
??twitterusername twitterusername dehhhh wad curry ? :D??? cactus shut up pls. Take me go eat le cactus
Feeling so cold but my whole body feel v hot. Fever le die: (
Le LG says... no more photography during meal time with him. I'm depressed. Hahaha... #TheAntiSocialSocialMediaAddict
Going sheesha later w le workmates yeay then malam drink drunk drama?
Le next ink will be about freedom and escaping the devil
It's been a long time I have drinking so much, really rusty le .
You walk damn long le. you walk from South Africa is it twitterusername
Gong xi fa cai kembarrrr , ampaunya le jangn lupaa hehhehe (with Ruddy and Deddy) [pic] ??? twitterurl
Le young people have been replying this song over and over again .... So many times
Shall just continue w le mrr while having ma tim tam
#Throwback Danse Le Re've 2012, I miss being a dancer :< twitterurl
Yesterday outing with le twincourt bros! Last shisha sesh! Love you guys! ??????????????? twitterurl
I twitterusername you le! Waiting for a follow back! :D ??? okok twitterurl
she finding bf in sims I quite jealous she dw me le twitterurl
le hubs didnt sleep and here i am whining over 5 hours that was never enough.
le me flipping thru mao's photo booklet. MAO CAN I ATTACK U??? #dangerousfangirl
Dinner with le friends yesterday. #instasg #igsg #instapic #instafood #yummy #food #asian #chilli #Owl?? twitterurl
missing le josh a lot. Only can see him on Monday.
Lunch with le _angieeeeee .. #AchievementUnlocked Bucket rice. Original flavor with lots of mushrooms.?? twitterurl
Fedde Le Grand Ft DI-RECT // Where We Belong (Henry Fong Remix)
Ermagerd le husband is coming tomz and I'm not done with my work fuuuuark
Don't step one u very conservative la see le also gaowei :)
Don't let me be sick tomorrow please. I got a date with le gf.
PS Sirloin // Dinner celebrating my parents' 23rd Anniversary. @ Le Steak by Chef Amri twitterurl
was thinking of jogging with le colleague after work and then it start to pour heavily.
Photo: A little gift to myself! Heehee (at Le Treehouse) twitterurl
Thanks for watching le acapella cover! Stay tune for more ;) twitterurl
Why fatin liddis make me like no mood asho le leh):.
''twitterusername Wtf is wrong with my phone!? Fed up le.'' download whatsapp. cepat.
EH! Just now never wait for me! See cannot pass you le the payroll! ~ twitterusername twitterusername
15 Feb with le girls ???? bobby not in picture as always twitterurl
Zack: wooooosh London: More french Zack: Le wooooosh. omg crying hahahah
So upset. Le boy today took off without telling me and yet I'm not free.. sighhh.
off to kl w le girls . bye fr a while pahang :-)
Dinner with le family (@ Banafee Village Restaurant w/ 2 others) twitterurl
Singapore buat disneyland? HAHAHAH atas kepale TonyTan le guys , Where got space~ -.-
Eh feels so weird to enter level 2 of le library leh
done with le homework and exercises. headache make me more stress wanna do math exercise. hiahh ?
Start to miss my cousins le! I hope to see you all again! );
Now in le bus. Gonna be a long way back home.
Not correct lei George car got break up song emo song.. listen le so gek xim..
Pling yw ball nemu "twitterusername sory mambengi hat trick q le ... twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Forget it no need slp le 4 hrs of slp wun make a difference
Next year must make sure to go overseas with le awesome bitchezzz hahaha:)
Tired after adventure race.... On the way home wash shoe le then go sleep
jurong right now, lepaking at le auntie's house after a trip to malaysia
Going out with le family and neighbours. I don't like this idea...
#Manga #Comic #Book Lego Minifigures  Character Encyclopedia: Lego Minifigures: Character Encyclopedia  Buy Le... twitterurl
Goin to find a job and then movie with mum and le small brother:)
after this holiday break  i can reali tink much abit it le   good.
Colleague say take power nap . I wake up le . He still sleeping .
tonite chiong le uh . sci copy finish + all eng.. hmmm fantatic.
Jialat so late eat pizza my run just now wasted le..
Oh no. Le papacheong is gonna force me to play game w him again.
Wah Monday xiong ah 630 need reach changi.. means 430 need wake up le..
happy 5th to le bestpriend of mine,nisa.So fast liao haism??
W/ le very first shades! #loves #camwhore #camwhored #camwhoring #withshades #lightpink #pink #shades?? twitterurl
Playing soccer w le soccer boys just for fun under the rain. :3
Wearing the band tee shirt. Haha. So long never wear le.
Le dear spoils me. It's not that I'm lazy, trust me.
??twitterusername Played fifa with le comel. Ingat goal, skali outside ??????? outside or off side?
Night cycling with le bro! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ???????????? twitterurl
Le parents sleeping while I'm just..........gaaaahhhhh bodyache~ hospital oh how I despise. twitterurl
Cannot imagine them moving the sea of people, just to toss le rifle hahahaha.
Nothing worth posting so here's le nails filer. #nails #file #mani #manicure #stick #rough twitterurl
Just got my pair,JORDAN 13 Retro,tnx alot LE... @ somerset 313 limited edt twitterurl
Omg I think interclass maths I dun stand a chance le...
already avoid le! you still appear in front of me for what :@
Charging le laptop to full batt cos' im nt gng t brg charger tmr.
Lha wes iso ngono "twitterusername okta le ajarono twiteran gendon jg wkwk twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Thanks to twitterusername I can listen music to work le. Xoxoxooxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxox
...and I did it! Le dear giving me the strength unknowingly to him.
Shuai dai le ??RT twitterusername Feeling so shuai today because I have shuai hairstyle.
Leg no blueblack but press softly jiu very very very pain le ): Omg );
Mr Chua says he'll help with the singing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yayy nak mintak tolong za uh easier le
Everytime when i take 72 to school. Confirm got backache one le. :-(
anw is lik so fast next week hav northzone le. jiayous bah
Lol. Saw miss azizah at the void deck with le floorballers. Hahaha. Sesat.
Le sighs, what are we even trying to achieve in our lives.
Can't wait for performance where one of le Nak Muays will shout "mmmdap" hahaha
shall continue my work tmr.  today too tired de mood to do le
Why body like hothot de? Or issit I too tired le?
With le mommy! Sending her off at airport! Have a safe flight mum.! ^__^ twitterurl
Had a great night with le friends! Thanks guys for coming ??
Will be going to Sakura in the afternoon with le family
Stupid sia daddy and someone keep finding trouble kns sia really cannot take it le
#whitagram #never #forget #this #letter #with #me #many #year #le #thank #to twitterusername twitterurl
Waiting for le boyfriend to complete his project. Slow like torrtoise hahaha.
Cause other ppl will be able to hear le music n it's inconsiderate.
ZZZ... FML.... phone charged for 3 hours still 11%... I'm gonna fuck Samsung shop tomorrow le...
Can't wait for tomorrow baby ! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and all le csn ! ????????
I'm bored x.x 3am le~ sian sia! Tml no sch for me hahaha pon sch~
When le dear says he misses you and admits he loves you.
Le mum's boss ordered catering service during meeting, and leftover packed home. Mmmm sambal petai twitterurl
Xin Nian Kuai Le ! ; ) Happy Chinese New Year \\n/ #me #cindy #hapychinesenewyear #happysunday #morning?? twitterurl
When ever Donya edits that chapter will be le day i update.
Sister helping with my maths! Haha so long nvr do already forget how do le...
HAHAHAHA ya true! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername omg hs die le hehe
Odg le is tired TvT can i sleep here in the mrt o.o
Discussing which chaley to go for march holiday with le class!
Still thinking if I shld bring le bbg for the stay at sentosa tonight. ??
le peeps asked me to go takraw wtfff im not in takraw
Le me trying so hard to be cute meow I'm bored twitterurl
Finally home! Cooking le instant porridge now. Hahaha..wish theres egg.
Night and happy chinese new year buddy . Gong xi fa cai . Xing nian kuai le .
A long journey...frm one end of le purple line to the other end..hahha
Ahahah, i remembered that traumatic experience with le crush that time ><
Le me carrying an awkward fat penguin toy around. It's so cute!
Feels like reading but le bbg is too grumpy. OHMYGOD. Pms maximum. This sucks!!
Harlem shake tmrw! Le girlsss ingat ehhhh twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Air Batu Campur & Coconut shake in le hot day. With twitterusername @ Idris cake house twitterurl
Photo: Ashtray for le ffriend twitterusername #BKK #ash #tray #smoke #enjoy twitterurl
Le Seohyun's perfect innocent schoolgirl face is gonna be my death one day.
Saw kathleen's cousin but not her.. Why oh why. I want to see her le
Cancelled the job for tml. Decided to acc le papacheong instead:)
by twitterusername "Bila boleh baca ni... *le sigh.." via instareposts twitterurl
At chalet with le friends. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername brenda brendon kingsleykor #igsg #instasg?? twitterurl
Breakfast along with le brotherhood and Syarine's Uncle. (@ Restoran Juz) twitterurl
#BuenosAires #BusinessMgmt #Job: SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) Consultant Job at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs #Jobs
Gestrument LE review: make beautiful music without being a musician  [iDB]
Back home to pick le mommsy and bbg up for appt!
Le me lookin at the menu of the restaurant > anchovies.. anchovies everywhere...
"twitterusername Saw this flying around my feed...I'M CRYING...SHIT..;_____; twitterurl why? *le cries* T.T
can't wait for holiday to Vietnam with le sist and mumsie during eoy yayyyyy
Finally today last day of school liao but next week exam week le :(
Had a good time BO2 with le boys. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Dinner with le Family at Restoran Cozy Corner Ampang Park on twitterusername twitterurl
I should be enjoying my sleep but damn.., i'm working tmr.. le sigh..
And now, having supper. Forced by le papacheong. FML please zzzzzz
Sibeh f*cked up sia seriously.. dk how many people asked for this today le twitterurl
Hahas! Met si fei zhu! Not bad so long never see him he le..
#BusinessMgmt #Job alert: Consultant - Warehouse Management (LE & WM) | SAP | #Bangalore twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Hugging le bbg to sleep as if she's my bolster. Hahaha
Le dear said it might be wind. But why the hell it happen?
Lincah aje balik JB "twitterusername Iftar with le family at Mutiara Hotel"
Had a great time playing touch rugby during PE with le sec4M guys !
At le sis NUS Sheares Hall hostel surveying her room twitterurl
Akhirnye jmpe colour yg same, sedondon le kite..hihiks..thanks youu ! Xoxo
Botak joners. RT Mi.??twitterusername Causeway now meeting le Ustaz and Halim!???
Finally done with raya outing!! Had fun with le classmates ??? twitterurl
So wanna swim / scuba dive / dive here! Le Morne / Ilot Forneau, Mauritius. twitterurl
I'm not so ready with le Personality Development Public Speaking. Help me, Ya Allah ???
??twitterusername twitterusername see see. Told you le i am here you don't want :(??? Sorry :(
LOL WHAAAATT. HAHA I going out now le. Later ah when i come back! Haha
A Night with le brother, idealhussain :) #loafing #bestbrother #memories #heroes #instadaily?? twitterurl
Why so many sec3 question? I forgot most of them le. ??
Who left the deepest impression during dpa? List out 10! ??? So long ago le,????? twitterurl
So long never catch ppl out of club le should try it tml hehe
Wa finally tomorrow i early dismissal sia!! Tot i will never ever have it le!
"twitterusername Having funnnn with le girlss today :-* cc: twitterusername twitterusername and twitterusername
My buddy ,le using phone time for now ?? twitterusername while mocha enjoying life ~ ??
Shall have my lunch then off to le classmates crib at Toh Guan
Hope le papacheong will be able to fix the tyre by tonight :x
Tomorrow project time at bugis with le bros again! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername .
Its been a long time since i went down and meet le usuals?
Done prepared breakfast for le siblings and it's time for subuh fard prayer.
This bus uncle is fucked up, throw coin le still want me scan ezlink -.-
Oh yay. Finally went kiddy palace and bought everything needed for le bbg.
Yay gg cruise to mbs and bugis then head home with le penny mmm
Wowlao! This uncle cannot watch movie using earpiece arh?! Very irritating le.
But still, not enough photos with le mates. All dispersed liao...
she's leaving my ward today le, soooo sad :'( i'll miss her twitterurl
meeting le bestie to complete our homework!!!!! pls be a productive one *prays*
le Swanky & Fish burger...solid food to satisfy our craving for 3months. #instafood #americandining?? twitterurl
I'll be at Bugis with le Wolf Gang twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername .
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #BuenosAires Consultor SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs #Jobs
Kitchen Class with le friends. Basic Western. (@ Hotel UiTM Dungun) twitterurl
Meeting Le cousin on Thursday, hope nothing happens to tamper with my schedule
omg gd.... i see the pictures of him on insta wo yao ku le.
Having fun playing at cruyff court with le friends xD twitterurl
..stopped watching that documentary within the first five minutes. LE MIS IT IS
We had the privilege of watching internationally-acclaimed Salsa artistes Gavin & Sally! :D @ Le Danz?? twitterurl
Bored me just surfing the Internet. Suddenly, le wild Eminem song comes on!\
Pete Tong world premiere of Coldplay - Paradise (Fedde le Grand rmx) twitterurl via twitterusername
Drinking & Dart night @ Le Circuit with my BFF & her hubby-to-be.. ^^ #drinking #lecircuit #darts?? twitterurl
Shall pat le bbg to sleep now before sending invoice to client and lunch!
:: Had a good zumba and cardio workout for 30minutes while waiting for le dad..
S4 so many things ahhhh.... lol think spend 2 hours done le
Kena scolding from mum because still haven't give scholarship form *sigh* sian le.
Same same. ??????RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername hahaha okay(: I go sleep le! Tml got route march
Because it's too nice.. Eat le then realise "omg need to take pic!!" twitterurl
??twitterusername Gonna meet up wif le pri sch frens during the June holidays?(^?^)????
11 hours of work. First day full shift. Xiao le leg like jelly
Among all the modules we're taking, I like OA the most. Followed by TAC then LE ??
gonna bring le sissy along since he wants to meet her (:
I'm the one and only passenger in le bus. Like a boss.
tomorrow will going for lunch with le girls and cikgu azura. weiyooo.
K RT twitterusername Im not lame. Im Le Awesome Male Entertainment.
It seems that you are coming back to sg le right? (; twitterusername
Need to sleep soon~! If not want to bang wall le~! Headache like no tomorrow!!
wtf emi's LE SHINee Surprise Vacation T______T can you not suck my money $$$
Le me and twitterusername photo bombing the both of them hahahahahaha. ?? twitterurl
Class starts late later :) but gt tht programming class. Le sigh
McDonalds, City Square, JB. Waiting for le fiancee har har har ok bye twitterurl
$80 Dr Martens why is it not CNY now?!?!?! I'd just mai le
So who's dreaming tonight! It's le Kayla's birthday celebration na ka!!!
birthday treat from parents! mine and abang's food (: @ Le Steak by Chef Amri twitterurl
W/ le pretty babes ?? ~ 29th May 2013 #friends #us #girls #singaporean #sg #asian #teen #youth?? twitterurl
Why must be sunny now? I want it to be cloudy like this morning le. ??
To the kids who take the whole time to take the final  and don't le
I very long never watch channel 8 shows le whyyyyy why is this so ??????
Going jamming with le ex bandmates later on. Can't wait! Wanna scream my lungs out!
Have been sleeping so late these few days.... must change back my sleeping pattern le...
Spend the whole day w/ le family, twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername (@ Dynamic Bowl) twitterurl
excited to meet up with le pri school besties (not all tho)
The chips is tempting me :Q____  NO so late already cannot eat le.
Can't wait to go for the short getaway to genting with le parents. ??????
What movie can you quote word for word? ??? Le Roi Lion. twitterurl
dinner with le family (@ Aroma Ikan Bakar w/ 13 others) twitterurl
heheh missyou too darl see u later ??twitterusername Miss my baobei le ^_^???
- how nice would it be to sleep during office hours. le sigh.
But i kinda doubt her y know always say le also nvr bring me go one ?????????
Hur. Have to attend the stupid AGM for le papacheong this fri. Ohgodwhy
Father so cute le.. forget sia...... woah woah woah :') second part is even better twitterurl
we go dig cave ??twitterusername Girlfriend today very tian. Tomorrow sun rise from other direction le ??????????????
Le girl slept from noon till now & she's still not awake. How can?!?!
LOL le ????? said I look like playing on a piano while typing on the iPad.
My mum told me to stop buying shoes le wtf: (:( twitterurl
#TheHunt film Prancis hebat deh. yang main Monsieur Le Chiffre musuhnya Bond di Casino royal.
Walao I want go home le cher faster cut short and let us go kk
Pretty much practice drums and some basic clean up today :-) must work hard for exams le.
Sentosa with le idots tomorrow ok just hope it does not rain tomorrow
I don't even have to go gym to work out, at work can le lor HAHA
and please le Januzaj come on pls i got a damn good feeling that he'll score
Apple working to slim its iWatch via intermittent Bluetooth LE connection?
Photographyblogger > Extreme Macro ??? Mind-blowing Insect Photos by Johan J.Ingles-Le Nobel twitterurl
Top #French magazine Le Point  fined for slandering 'stingy' #Chinese and calling them tax dodgers twitterurl
Is that your bed sheet or underwear ?! I shy shy le la ... ??? My tissue paper twitterurl
Walao. Squeeze wad lah. My paper in my bag crumble le lah.
Can I have a pandora bracelet !!!! Aim for very long le sia
Ended futsal session with le classmates after a long time not meeting together.
Le boiboi flying off to HK tmrw at 1:30am. Be safe! :D
Gonna get my haircut from le usual macha place. Dey, long time no see da. Hahah!!!
Gonna get my haircut from le usual macha place. Dey, long time no see da. Hahaha!!!
BTW... im looking at le uruha's LEG!!! HIS LEGSSS!!! >new shashin
Por cierto her bday is on Dec 13th.. le dedicare un hermoso tweet...
Everyday listen to Xmas song till I also know how to sing le lor HAHAHA
Is not I never think , is I think until sian already le :(
ghost with le specs hahaha rt. "twitterusername RT siapa nampak hantu . twitterurl
CNY specials with #teamvodkake at Tong Le Private Dining!! LUO HEI HUAT! #fishingsuperstars clan! twitterurl
She don't have twitter neh neh ni pupu only le closest friends knows who she is
Aeon bukit indah with le' machines mates bob,jeeva,ling and afif
Good food makes me happy. Bouncing home with le tummy now muwahahahaha
Every aug - dec alot friends bdae. Means it's the time I going bankrupt le HAHA
"twitterusername I now want to be friend with Indian le" HAHAHA
View of Rainbow Bridge from the breakfast place at hotel^^ #rainbow #bridge @ ???????? ????????????????????????? Le Daiba?? twitterurl
Wah honggan how to CROSS LOL FML ZHEN DE STUCK LE
Wanted to tweet some questions .. Lekin leave it . Yaar tum log dil se le loge ..
Tbh friendly, nice!! Happy to noe you thou! :-) Cya soon! Longtime no talk le. :( twitterusername
[CNA] Chong Boon secondary students praised for being responsible, caring adults: Prime Minister Le... twitterurl #singapore
Momorning. Segamat here I go with le girls, ain, naw, nad. Bismillah :)
started getting v chummy w le roommates but i have 2 weeks left w sch. sian
Spending way too much money on meals everyday le.... sucking my income away...
I want to back 4kg by 2 weeks time or else really cannot le.
Ladies stop investing feelings too quickly. Kuyanyiwa ku le field yom'jolo.
ElectroKitty HD, le th??me iPhone 4 du Weekend ! N??110 twitterurl #iphone
twitterusername Ekliang - my phone dying, I off 3G le XD, do now la
Tweak : Status Bar Switcher, garder la statusbar visible dans le multit??che ! twitterurl #iphone
happy birthday!! :)) 15 le:)! time pass so fast. see you soon?? twitterusername
Finish excise le still nd wait so long to go Polyclinic: (
The more we plan the more we realised how poor we are. LE SIGH. twitterusername twitterusername
awesome bitching session about ppl idk on fb with le cousins ??
I can see those two spamming le koala acc from here.. my mentions (????)!!
Wanna go jog but stupid rain!!! I haven't exercised for one week le!!!
??twitterusername Meeting le gf's family later.??? ??Both of you guys so sweet sia!!!
Manatii...wah lan...this kind of nickname cannot sia...suan le just call her Manaka
Really need to do something with le stomach. Turning fatter and fatter each day. Walao!
Latest blog post on dancing lessons and Gatsby competition up on I blogged le WOOTS! \
"twitterusername ??? ??? ~~^^ zhunbei hao le ma?! ?? ~~~>< twitterurl twitterusername so adorable sticking his tongue out
? RT twitterusername Nxeseni RT twitterusername Are you subtweeting me? RT twitterusername Le mvula, inetha lapho angigqokile... ?
K sleeping now since gonna have an early breakfast before work, w le boy. goodnaite xo
Tmr morning no nutella + bread for breakfast D: bread finish le .
Waiting for le bestfriend t buy me fried fish soup. Hopefully i can eat.  twitterurl
Whole body heatrash le sia . Even after bathing still got T___T
I cut too big hole for my phone cover le!!! Ah!!!
Wow I napped for so long and straight after my lunch? I'm crazy le!
Having home-made macaronni cheese and sushi for breakfast w le famille.Perfecto ?
Thanks for watching le acapella cover, featuring twitterusername aka Jasmine! Heeeee twitterurl
Currently at Surau w/ le Wira waiting for zohor fard prayer
Been listening to alot of SHM soundtracks for the past few days already. Le sighhhhhh
Might hit le bed early tonite. But kenot. Got stuff to do
Ended a good day at work! Now waiting for Le parents.
I'll cut it soon! Lol!! ??twitterusername twitterusername LOL! Cut le i wanna see real life dora.???
Couple outside le class doing something...... ?? In a school environment? No, r u srs.
Last day of LBL with le awesome classmates. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ??????????Pak Razali twitterurl
I got no friends le ???????????????????????????????????????????? I just realized I got no friends.
Lunch with le girls.. #fish #manhattan #market #lunch #northpoint #polymates #girls twitterurl
your eyes going get tangled le la. knn. stare what sial.
Le bbg finally fell asleep after playing hard at kiddy palace. ??
Ytd's thread for running some errands and meeting le bud for dinner :) twitterusername twitterurl
Epic conversations w le BFF is always the best. Love her <3
Ouhh yeahhh..gotta stuff this twitterusername 's charger and stuff into le bag...so heavy.
Guess my two baby waiting for me to be home le. Wait for me okay!
Alright, I want obey shirt le.. They got or not haisz
Hehs, no more black pants to wear, have to wear dark blue le :/
I shall set off to Paris now, bye le peepos' smell ya later, Assalammualaikum'
today quite a few ang pows le tmr more to come!!
Happy Chinese New Year to all my chinese friends! Do enjoy :) . Share angbao le. Hahahahaha. Kidding!
Happy Chinese New Year to my followers celebrating it ! Xin Nian Kuai Le ?
I also want go sukiya work le. What's life Working while listening to AKB songs. Damn.
I got Obey camo backpack, le specs sunglases, Doc mart wonderbalm from twitterusername day 1 ?? twitterurl
Yay dinner with le girlfriend hehe. x valentines day dinner ehp twitterusername
using laptop now been a long time since i use it like for weeks le man
Hehehehe, I am too happy because can connected with free wifi in le house aite now
Taking le new jerseys later after school. Ohhh yeah. Hopefully its nice....
Odg TvT giants making le smile *^* otl was that my only right decision ~
Coffee Night with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername @ The Coffee Bean & Tea Le twitterurl
Mastered the art of eating snake Liao . Reached the peak level le.
So girls are like this. After break up go wild le.
Speak of the devil. Was gonna tweet where is le dear. He's back, finally.
It's about time, I shall set off to narnia now, farewell le amigos' night,
Piggy faster wake up wake up, reali pig loh sleep damn long le hahaha!
Listening to Le Jazz Hot and wanting to watch Victor/Victoria again. Preferably live please :(
when ibreach hm ltr on i tink nt homewrok day le is tio banned day
my wedding couple Le Sucre arrived!!! to be tied on our wedding car.. happy!! ^^ twitterurl
Waiting for le boyfriend to complete his project. Slower than tortoise hahaha.
JORDAN 1 OG Royal blue... Tnx LE singapore... #sneakerhead #sneakergame #jordan #singapore #filipino?? twitterurl
I did say le! Is only help me say paiseh oh! twitterusername
Heading back to Kuala La Le Lumpur ? Just passed by Danok. Whew. What a journey!
Follow >>> twitterusername okay! He friendly, just mention for a follow bck can le. (:
haha. shit. I know all on twitter then I play the first one I dk le ><
Family gathering next Saturday and I won't be there le sigh.
Going to Joo Chiat later, then off to buy dinner at Le Pasar Malaaaaam.
*Gelak* RT twitterusername Left my charger at le office. Ah nice!
Ono wae cah.. Px e kabur.. Brace yourself, le wild schizophrenia released!
HAHAHAHAAHHAAH RT twitterusername Miss speaking hokkien with my 4N3 girls already hahahaha WA GA LE GONG....
Yay le fav saengieee is laughing *thumbs up to exo* good job exo (??????)?
Accidentally sprained Le En's hand while arm wrestling him just now .__.
Sigh le, who is going jurong today? My mom dam stingy sia
Its called a holiday for a reason! Heading to town w le sis~~
in the bus with le woodlands wellington mates otw to jalan besar stadium
Le Bourlinger: "the African development model of consuming what others produce (mobile phones, cars)" 1/2
W le classmates and abang and azie! (@ AEON Seremban 2 Shopping Centre w/ 13 others) twitterurl
omg what if I bake le cupcakes and bring it on monday omg omg
The moment mom got home me and le bro wished her happy birthday hehehe
Need cut down on cig le.. lets try 10 sticks a day?
Yesterday fish & Co for dinner with le boy!  #Dinner #fish & #Co #love #boyfriend #Foodporn #food. twitterurl
Le girls and Hot Asian guy #2013 #march #high5 #outing #hot #guy twitterurl
Lunch with Le girls! twitterusername cassandraaatoh twitterusername twitterusername #2013 #march #high5?? twitterurl
The day yang tak de text or whatsapp from le besfriend. Sadis.
Feeling so unwell but le bbg is not giving me any chance to rest. :(
Sleepy much again. But le bbg is full of energy. T.T no need nap liao
wa this kind of timing rain... cannot go for joggin le la
Night Cycling with le #RX1201M Lads. #Night #Cycling #RX1201M #Sports twitterurl
Beautiful moments with le rumets twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and Syahida. Love uolls! :) twitterurl
Dinner with le boy waraku restaurant. #Dinner #love #boyfriend #times #together #happy #moments. twitterurl
Going out to my boyfriend house, 2 days never meet him le.
Waiting to bath and go out to eat with le boyf. Weather so hot sia. Zzz
First time inside lorry with le boy! #Boyfriend #love #couples #sweet #times. twitterurl
Wtf I'm doin today... Long time I nv hand shake le sia... Scary!!!
Same outfit of the day with le boy today. #boyfriend #love #couples #sweet #times. twitterurl
Re watching "Yes Man". And at the same spending time with le love.
Aww. Mummy knows best. She knows I'm meeting le dear, without me telling her.
Jeshka ah, you do realize Babara Pelvin is 4 years younger than you right? Le cries
Just planning with le family. Where to go on this weekend.
Gave com asia a miss! Need more time for le bbg!
Early morning breakfast cooked by me for breakfast with le parents. #Love #noodles #bonding #time?? twitterurl
Yesterday Starbucks, today coffee bean. Cannot liao. Pocket got hole le.
Going to school with le sister! twitterusername but end up she fell asleepp -____-
With Le pretty girl cherylene_ few days ago! ?? #singaporean #single #girl #asiangirl #asian #cute?? twitterurl
Wtf srsly i cannot take it le lol. You're driving me crazy.
Meeting le bestfriends tmr at town after studying!!!!!! OMG I AM SO EXCITEDDDD ^__*
Krg jangan ah le here and there...pkm jgn step french rbk ah
10.40pm: Supper with le family :) ll Thank you sis twitterusername & abg zareji twitterurl
M'ha agradat un v??deo de twitterusername twitterurl Megadeth - A Tout Le Monde Live (HD)
What a exhausted happy picnic at the beach with le gang . Happytired face . Thanks guys :* twitterurl
#nowplaying Chaka - Le gusta beber on twitterurl la emisora de #MiRey twitterusername #UrbanWakeUpCall  twitterurl
searching for le hitzz that are freshly from the oven yo
Can't tahan the number of days in school already le sigh
Timeline all spazzing abt EXO comeback hahahah ikr we all waited for so long le
Teacher's Day have a great day today with le friends :* miss our teacher at SMKTPI.
Reading up on the Gluten-free life. C'est tr??s depressing. Le sob.
2days never stepped out of house already. Sigh i gng be ????? le.
Le Petit and Rustic Gili ... in #gilitrawangan. Love the room! #lombok #indonesia >> twitterurl
Oh yay. All done. Pat le bbg to sleep Too! Shall cook Maggi for myself nowww!
"twitterusername LINE-ing with le twitterusername when shes just beside me,  i can't."
Margot Janse, The Tasting Room at Le Quartier Francais (S.Africa): Seared Scallop, Aerated Scallop &?? twitterurl
Jangan sampe le classico #konspirasi "twitterusername Nonton Live Streaming Drawing Semifinal Uefa Champions League :D
Keep forgetting to bring le bbg to do her passport. TSK. Next weeeeeek!!!!
Rock n' rolling w/ twitterusername while enjoying le hot coffee (at twitterusername twitterurl
Brunch with le familia. Watch my keek ;) hahaa (@ Restoran Sayed) twitterurl
If the earpiece and headset no one wants, I'll post it on forum le
Finished looking around sister's new house now lunch-dinner at Le Steak twitterusername Kayu!
So its gonna be hard to see haruppi ard at kouen le.. haiz..
walao.. i think.. i full liao.. not hungry le.. eat halfway..
Finally got the cards done for le cousin! ?? #handmade #feltcards #felt #cards #handmadecards?? twitterurl
Last lesson during Global, I came up with my son's name! Tyler Jayden Peh Wei Le ???
:: Going out with le family... plus a new member-to-be... *jeng3*
Le sis stressed up on what to wear for school. Girls.
Lol cong le must be dam bored HAHAHAHAHAHHA still can fb chat me lolol
Yay. Le bbg is taking her nap now. And I'm joining her in a bitttt!
I think I'm damn hardcore... I have been sleeping for the past hour le...
Gonna have to do some grocery shopping for sis now. Le sigh.
Tonight will shopping and watching iron man 3 with le cousins and mom. omaigad, cool xx
I really feel like peeing in the can know condone help le$$$
i miss working w le old ex engineers. twitterusername rasul, rahman, aidil, asmal.
dating with jeng jeng jeng. Will upload le photo of the day later.
Photo: Enjoying le mini tv now!! #extend #drama #enjoy #charliesheen #twoandahalfmen twitterurl
Ok.... everything had been confirmed.... I'll be paying for my papers soon le...
omg and yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy monday big breakfast miss le blanje whoopie mac uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
i just hope le cats stop fighting at night. those meows arent friendly. :/
With le Juniors for today's Fun Go-Kart training :) . twitterusername & feekah96 #Asian #ITE #ITEWEST?? twitterurl
Not first time le . Stop fucking twisting the story . There's a limit to one's patience k .
Parents out. Sister idk i think shes asleep and i.. reading geo. Le sigh pie
feel u rt??twitterusername cannot wear lens le.. eyes turn red.???
Gong Xi Fa Cai! Happy Chinese New Year! Xin Nian Kuai Le Wan Shi Ru Yi!
Cover with le sister, twitterusername :) Check her out guuuise #repostfromherinstaheh #part1 twitterurl
Le babe is gg jb later she better buy for me chewing gums
Indonesian military leaders decide not to attend S'pore Airshow: MINDEF: Several senior Indonesian military le... twitterurl
Waking up to le valentine prepping a good breakfast to kick start the day. Loved much. ;))
As a cool kid would say, you just got memed on! Haha! Le epic Bazinga!
Next time I cab communicate properly in hakka le hehe ang koi sum
Have not had this feeling inside me for way too long. Wo bu ke yi le.
Im staying outside H&M. Idk where u ladies. Le sigh twitterusername twitterusername
"twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHA! You saw liao uh? I removed le uh ~"
Dinner w/ le family (@ Roost Juice+Bar w/ 6 others) twitterurl
Breakfast with le classmates ! (@ Restoran Azraa Maju w/ 2 others) twitterurl
Dky my wound hurting again omg cny coming le don't like this can: (
Jay Chou that song damn niceeeeeeeee omfg got so many le
How cool can I get? Watchin lord of the ring at work with le manager! Hahas!!
Swimming: Le Clos, Hosszu solidify World Cup lead in Beijing twitterurl
Honestly Zheng Geping is damn fit but his figure freaks me out lol too buff le
sem depan merancang renting house w le girls buat business and so on . wah masyuk beb
It's all fun and games.......until Ole Le Cook speaks!.....then common sense takes flight!
Visit client's property. #tourism #travel #recreation #365Malaysia #vmy2014 #hotel #accommodation @ Le?? twitterurl
hye boboy"twitterusername nak nipu lettewww ish jom le lepak nanti wkwkw twitterusername
I'm at Le Grandeur Palm Resort Johor (Senai, Johor) [pic]: twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername cause they selfish people:/??? WTF HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA CB LE U.
I damn shag le. must I really go and make another matrix card sian
So many people birthday from Aug - dec omg I no money le hahaha
"twitterusername Enjoy cycling with le guys. twitterusername  twitterusername  ."ada lg energy ke tak?
Okay maybe I used the wrong pic the pic like not same le
really haven't audi for a long time already . skills drop le la ! T^T
Swimming: Le Clos and Hosszu dominate swimming World Cup series twitterurl
facebook, twitter, insta, ask.fm, tumblr all got le now what LOL
You seem to be busy with other stuff, suan le. I know where i stand.
Ashley (MUSIC VIDEO) - Big Sean REMIX - Fung Bros ft. Richie Le, Travis ...: twitterurl via twitterusername
(malaysia sun) Le Clos leads way as records sink in Singapore twitterurl
With le hot , pretty & talented DJ Misslynntrax !! #misslynntrax #DJ #premierdjacademy #malaysia?? twitterurl
Whatsapping with le sister, cant wait to meet and food hunting on next thurs. Heehoook
Suan le sigh i not supposed to watch movies during this 100 days also.
KO ONE 2 airing on Jia Le channel tomorrow night! Yay can't wait :)
Happy birthday to le old twitterusername hahahaha 22 go listen to taylor swift go
Saving general yang movie with le boy earlier! #Movie #boyfriend #treat #love. twitterurl
twitterurl a una de tumblr le gusta Sleeping with sirens!!! ??Me emociono ahora o luego?
Shall pat le bbg to sleep in a while and I can cont w my stuff!
I don't like the ending le! Dafuq! Worst ending ever! Who's the director sia?!
Spent my labour day labouring my knowledge with le girl. #study #asians twitterurl
YAY! Done with le notes from Lecture 2. Time to hit the hay. Haha
Hahahaha twitterusername is using google sketch for god knows what lol miss Le eh?
Nope . Left le :) RT twitterusername twitterusername lol chill, u still at library studying or what
Shall just do at 930pm or later.. planning to sleep late le...
Le outfit of the day! #ootd #geektee #geek #outfitoftheday #outfit #black #white #galaxyskirt #galaxy?? twitterurl
It been long since I hear this le   Watch "????" on YouTube (cont) twitterurl
Le going out to JP meet twitterusername first and wait for the rest :)
I wait for me to turn 18 wait till my neck long le leh
:))) "twitterusername Not sure if Wayne Rooney or Le Bron James twitterurl
Thx to le mom, I cant believe im actually whippin up nasi lemak now.first attempt ni.
No surprised RT twitterusername great. lost le airport driving permit. now have to make police report -.-
Later off to tanjong pagar teman le sister for job interview.
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername hahah oh ahlian admit le :) .??? SIAO, kidding nia HAHA
So fucking long never meet this bitch le, finally meet her today! ??? twitterurl
So many days le, my coughing and flu still havent recover. :(
The Heirs Episode 1 got Eng subs le... Medical Top Team not yet?! = =
Bringing le panda tomorrow. Whatever I shoot and film tomorrow.... my panda will be featured.
Describe Shiying ??? describe her before le! scroll down and find :b twitterurl
Imma have a blog post titled "Le bf". Soon. Settle admin first!
Only 20% done, & im already taking a break & watching Expandables 2 with le family .. twitterurl
#itecc at le gathering lor #igsg #igboys #iggirls #gathering #classmates #schoolmates twitterurl
Nv bring pe . Haha first time le xp lol tot today don have pe sia -.-
Yesterday was not able to come out for lunch.. Today can go out le! Yeah!
Le papacheong suggested legoland tml since we didn manage to visit it last time.
Sucks that my birthday is during my attachment period le sigh just so sad..
67 more days to le birthday aka to go missing for a day.
Whether to acc papacheong or le bbg. I hate. Hate hate hate.
With le #bff #ffb. #igsg #instapic #instadaily #instamood #instacool #instagood #fat #girl?? twitterurl
A short getaway! #SemesterBreak #OhWell @ Le Blason Suite, Colmar Tropicale twitterurl
Admiring NUS from the PIE. Yes, just admiring. Not dreaming. Le sigh.
Why that kikwang fc keep trans ppl tweet to him le? Is abit. ..errrrrr
Aiya own self know can le, say so much also no use
need to stop fav pics and saving pics...... too much le.
Shall make milk for le bbg and pat her to sleep soon.
Late night sweet treats from Chewy junior bought back by le bro hehe??? bloosaybleh soonweiling88 twitterurl
Makan with le dude . (@ Green Jade Republic w/ 3 others) twitterurl
Le #old #man. Too old and naughty. #igsg #instasg #instapic #instadog #woof #white #dog twitterurl
"Vive Le analytics". What's Vital In Russia Or China? Coursera's Signups Yield Clues - twitterurl
Woah thai disco le RT twitterusername And I went Thai disco ytd twitterurl
i love you bb princess mua i going poke your cheeks le ??? twitterusername
I iz in le good mood cuz I iz won another gamez.
In bus right now OAO long time no ride bus le
Whats with le 'but first lemme take a selfie' thingy ?? ??? Its a song! Hahahahha twitterurl
Playing icon pop song with Glenn le sister is the best thing ever
Le mother decided that we are having pizza for dinner so... PIZZA!!!! @ Scully's Dining Table twitterurl
At the waiting rm with le classmates doing the oscar selfie ahahah
^_^ Aunty is going to watch Captain America later le. ??? Ok haha enjoy twitterurl
Photo: Le dessert at #cakespade with love. #cake #nutella #crumble #icecream #shiok #dessert (at Cake... twitterurl
I feel like going for a jog rinnow but.... MALAM JUMAAT LIAO GG LIAO LE
Nigel Farage is keeping some interesting company with Marine Le Pen and Geert Wilders.
Supper with le besties (@ Swee Choon Tim Sum Restaurant ????????????????????????? w/ 6 others) twitterurl
Its been so long since i used this hashtag. So yeah. #smokebreak with le regulars.
Faster le! I watching jus just to catch sufie performance je
twitterurl me w/ Nizam at le car while waited mama xxxx
"twitterusername Me have le mustachs ..yeahh me teenager nomore ,me adult"
Train stuck at Chinese Garden! Dun take! More than 15mins le
JAELOUS LE LA ?? ??twitterusername Jaejoong playing game with fans now~ #JJinBKK twitterurl
Dafuq la shengsiong! My friend book tix le than say dont have
??twitterusername 130224 Siwon at Taoyuan Airport (going to Chengdu) [Cr: Chada Le] twitterurl
How much u get for PSLE? ??? I actually forgot lol, so long le... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername cheer up la so long nv see u le ???????? u miss me right :*
*brg Le MCM to tuition* student behind me: "*gasp* MCM! :O"
Hi new juniors :*"twitterusername Me got two new junior in le dorm. Rara and syaza."
??twitterusername twitterusername got me enuf le la small eye. stop complaining???\
Le familia RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername chill bro we a like family now
Mesclun salad and honey mustard dressing. #aujardin @ Au Jardin Le Amis twitterurl
??twitterusername Sneak peek at Le Noir, an acrobatic act opening in S'pore.twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername
In le brother's room with him inside and accompanying me because i'm too scared
OMG I jus realized. I no longer shop for myself, but for le bbg instead. #lifeasamother
Going to Mahattan: Fish Market with le familia @ Plaza Singapura. :D
Omw le way home. Old = me . Later I break bone how??
I don't know whether to be thankful or not for my grades. Le sigh??
Off to Marina Bay Sands to see Le Noir. Looking forward to it . Anyone seen it?
#sentosa w le #babe twitterusername ?????????? #best #friends #fun #bff #happy #sunny #island #igsg #instagram twitterurl
Le genius.. shirt in office banzai. Probably dig for the one at home too
Haha. RT: twitterusername twitterusername dw if not I no tomorrow le
Le bbg know how to sayang ppl now already. So cute. <3
Having this in le hot day is the best feeling everrrr! Blurp. @ Merlimau, melaka twitterurl
At the back seat otw to abg An,engagement place,le girl side. twitterurl
Sleeping tonight with le swimming pool water inside my ear. This sounds so gross.......
Carla for iOS, le th??me iPhone 4 du Weekend ! N??109 twitterurl #iphone
twitterusername pii, iphone 5 udh mw kluar loh le mw beli iphone 4s ? Yakin?
Still considering to get iPhone 4s or wait for iPhone5 after talking with le cuzz twitterusername
Going to meet le grandma, grandpapa, cousins, aunties and uncles later ! <3
wahhhh plzzzzz RT twitterusername twitterusername show my picture sure stop crying le
Lateeeee lunch with le familia w/ twitterusername Aishah (@ Plaza Larkin Food Court) twitterurl
Cleric leads thousands in Pakistan protest march: LAHORE, Pakistan: An influential Pakistani religious leader le... twitterurl
V easy to noe mum's coming. Just hear de slipper's sound noe its her le. ??
AsiaClassifiedToday Steve Howe Leaves Asia (A Top Story) - twitterurl Steve Howe Le... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Lol .. I right in front of you , le kua buey tio meh ?
woke up too early today :( need to drink teh to keep me awake le haha
Hmm... le dear can read me it seems. Guess he knows me well enough now.
wah ~ didnt know that have been staying at home for 2 days le .. broke record :(
Mixing le photo emulsion now..gonna coat myslk screen in a bit..hehehe
My mum and I chatting about my future wife. Haha. Think too far le.
Should i even say? I know i say le something big will happen.
En 2013 ca clash encore wsh si t'as un truc ?? faire fais le
The fact that , the drawing looks almost exactly like that pic with Robbie & le panda ;__;
My clash of clans waiting for stuffs to upgrade. Money too a lot le. Haha.
1 hour more tat silly pig got to wake up for work le
Played takraw with le classmates twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername n tc twitterusername
"twitterusername Putting ??le??? in front of a word makes it French."
I finally know the starting of FEN SHOU KUAI LE!!! twitterusername twitterusername
Going plain tonight and I'm off to meet le dearest cousins. ?? #ootn #mango #uniqlo #nightmovie twitterurl
This year jam snd hop ended damn early!!! 8:30 end le
hehe so fast gg cny le. after cny is like soon gg my birthday;P
Making my way to meet le brother twitterusername at the usual rendezvous.
With le boy at his aunt's house for visiting. Day 2. CNY. #Boyfriend #love #sweet. twitterurl
Last to reach here tdy. They started playing ban luck le.
Prosperity beef burger, le mum bought for me after work! Working again later twitterurl
Call cher but cher keep dont want come...Call till no energy le lah.
Can go bck n rest le aft burning midnite oil for de past few days.
Young Face of Mr. Laurent Piemontesi from "Le Message", when this picture is taken? :) twitterurl
This teacher anyhow mark sia. Got do then correct le. Answer anyhow one.
O-O a westerner just ask me whats la lor le and sia.. how to explain
Was with le classmates at Science Centre. Making ice cream lah sey XD mmmdap twitterurl
Sent something at Le Awesomeness...Dont't know if they got it or not..
Ahhahaha dumb me..connected the charger to my phone..but never turn on le charger..hahaaa
Great game with le classmates #NM1201K twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername n twitterusername
Le girlfriends while twitterusername buy her heels , haha! twitterusername twitterusername #ziru twitterurl
Happy chinese new year ! Gong xi fa cai . Xing nian kuai le :)) twitterurl
Having a night at my mansion w/ le best brother, Aidil Hussain :)
Sleepy gile waiting nayang inside le car while she potpet with her friend.boring betol.
1week holiday. I wanna have a quality times with le family, boyfriend and gurlfriends!
Meeting le girls tomorrow at 8AM for cross country. Ah tengok je nanti sape lambat -.-
ouh ya i just remembered! le sigh shouldn't did that just now...
hehe joke or RT twitterusername Job hunting with le bbg. ???? twitterusername
Playing le ipad with Farhan is the most fun thing to do??\
Shall bank in money for le bbg if I have time later <3
Just reached home from cinema and shopping with le girl plus some crazy dudes.
Currently here with le friends ;) (@ Johor Bahru City Square w/ 12 others) twitterurl
since le lecturer didnt give us any assignments, weekends lepak please
Playing a game now with le colleagues called The Hunger Games. Literally The Hunger Games. (':
and i finally know who is leeteuk imitating in cookingcooking mv le la #oldboy
and i finally know who was leeteuk imitating in cookingcooking mv le la #oldboy
Hope changing to new batt... The phone wun b sot le... Waiting for new batt now...
But really glad I got to see le juniors. Hahaha. <3 jyjy guys! #rhapz
done packing my bag for going to camping with le friends <333
Might be heading to Penang next weekend! Impromptu trip w le papacheong and friends!
go sleep now I'm not gonna reply u le ??? You are an asshole twitterurl
Urgh the threading shop close. I have forest brows ready le
#15 Helloooooo! Longtime no c u le!!!! Cya soon! Nihao ma? (: Allthbest for ur studies!
??twitterusername Bbq with le bros was awesome. Hiks :D???sedapnyaa bbq :(
If Oussama was included , I will totally watch Morroco match later . Haiyah sian le.
Home made ngoh hiang by le father! #Food #foodporn #luncu twitterurl
rt twitterusername With le big family right now twitterusername  alzira and yoony  ??????????????????????????????
hehe just felt like using an old pic of me and le long hair
Done with futsal & dinner with le bros. Had a gr8 time with them after soo long! ???
Pooling right now at le Katong shopping centre. Anyone in the area ?
Cold Storage Kids Run 2013 with le awesome classmates. ?? #squaready twitterurl
Le shag face...after gym still want me to wait ! #shag #face #pardonme  #tired twitterurl
Dinner with le mum @ ponggol nasi lemak. #Food #dinner #mother #happy #moments #together. twitterurl
Going to sleep now and meet le gf at busstop and off to dreamland .
Obviously le bro ! Hahaha.  RT twitterusername Cup noodles more fattening than ban mian meh?!!!
Feeding le bbg her dinner and watching cartoon w her. <3
Had fun camwhoring with le girls and yeahh... It got emotional halfway.
hahaha odg its official xDD twitterusername is totally le hubby number 1 ? ouo heyyo??
Changed le ear studs! ?? #silver #gold #rainbow #helix #earlobe #earstuds #studs #ear #piccollage twitterurl
Mum is just taking her own sweet time ! I'm rushing le bu ! twitterurl
okay okay i really go sleep le hahah later carmennie scold me bye tlisteu ^^
walao what is this! I msg them le they don't reply! Knn!
maybe i'll be late... probably... ughhhh dont care le lah. no mood to work sia (>o<)
How come she always interrupt one sentence then never reply le wtf
Listening to MJ12 with le cousin, twitterusername im the dark room. Muahaha
Final Korean test on Wednesday,60% somemore,got a feeling gg to flung it le._.
Thinking of another example/case. I think le dear could be right. Hmm...
Nap for awhile in this Le suzuki swift . . while waiting them . . . . . .  zZzZzZzzzzzzz . . . . .
But seriously the waiting time is too long le.. Not moving for the past 30mins=.=
Hope our effort yesterday paid off today ~ such a shaggy day with le angels ~ twitterusername twitterusername
i dont even know what my jap album contains but I got the le one so
^^ With le bf, waiting for the other bf to perform. Hahahah. twitterusername twitterurl
Yo bloqueo a un User as?? RT "twitterusername Le dicen tU rEaL ChApIaDoRA SwAgUeRe CoTiZe"
I don't understand what's wrong with him playing the recorder? Le sigh.
Wanna do, should expect it. Not first, second, or third time le.
Chocolate croissant. Good stuff. ?? #makanmakan #howtodiet @ Freshly Baked by Le Bijoux twitterurl
Gd nite got to rest le hope wake up will feel better
AsiaClassifiedToday Shoe-Leather Research - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street JournalShoe-Le... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Finally pat le bbg to sleep. Shall start mugging now again!
Wait for mehhhh! RT"twitterusername Millenium Taman Tun for futsal actions with le boys"
Every news friends I met, sure have comment saying I'm an ah beng. Le Sighh
Going all the way to cwp tml to meet le beloved cuzzy
Introducing Le Monsieur who paid for squaready pro! That is insanity! twitterusername twitterurl
Fetching mum from the market right now with le brother. twitterurl
I'm not hungry or anything so I'm just camping outside Hershey's, LE SIGH
Le boyf coming to fetch me to,his house. Yay. So much love sia haha.
running man later then continue watching hotel transylvania then maybe going out later with le pren.
Aiyah ithink i can mc mon dunnid go sch le la . Keep giddy nw fever . Zzz.
SAP: SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) Consultant ( #BuenosAires ) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job #Jobs
From my point of view . Everyone can use LE . But dunno ahh .
Le sigh. Can't absorb anything at all. No mood to study as well. HAIS
At Aliff eating Nasi Lemak with le bros twitterusername twitterusername ??? twitterurl
looking at the bright side,le tummy seems to be in good shape??
After recover my sickness should eat alot le drop 2kg in 4day :(
Le me with Farah kwn yg baik hee :') #vscocam #vsco #BestOfTheDay #PicOfTheDay #PhotoOfTheDay twitterurl
Jus before I can even fall asleep. Le bbg is awake. ??
AEL agm is coming and I'm still a potato. Le sigh :-/ ah well
Wednesday. A short catch-up with le' annoying friend of mine. twitterusername twitterurl
Ohhh twitterusername happy graduating tomorrow! Sad le i cannot enter :( *sighpie*
we are having conflics with our own le boyzzz classmates  Blerghhhhh!
here aching there aching everywhere aching sigh need to rest le..........
rly want to watch my drama but wo hen lei le how??????
Finally he look into le camera! #igsg #instasg #instapic #instadog #white #oldman #dog twitterurl
War News Updates > Le Monde Responds To U.S. Denials Of NSA Spying In France: \
It's ok. I'll have time to acc le bbg and blog! twitterurl !:)
*le teacher batuk* "teacher let me clap-clap you back" xD
Extreme Macro ??? Mind-blowing Insect Photos by Johan J.Ingles-Le Nobel twitterurl #photography #arts #inspiration
Cannot tank already... woke up at 0400 yesterday... more than 20 hours never sleep le
My mom wear like she gg london sia. I see alrdy I very dulan le.
Here we go. Melaka aku datang with twitterusername and le' girlfriends.
(malaysia sun) FINA World Cup Singapore Chad Le Clos Aussies Break World Records twitterurl
Rainbow cake and Chocolate milkshake for brunch with mumutchan hairul_latiff @ Le Chocolat Caf?? twitterurl
Bringing twitterusername to le spa for facial after such a long time! Heh! (; twitterurl
All that matters to me is that you not being out of my sight . . . . le sigh
Nutella e mascarpone crepe (with Edwin and Anselia Sebastian at Gelateria Le Colonne) [pic] ??? twitterurl
Just attend le friend ROM. Now at pasir ris chalet haha. So far please!
out with le pennymates at banks #pennysg #night #skate @ The Banks @ Esplanade twitterurl
i'll miss u wen u're gone ??? aww, who are you? i won't be gone le. twitterurl
This Mr.Liang I think busy looking after his kid forgotten we (QB1) all le !
Rojak mee Jalan Bukit Ubi with le brothers and my girls.
Darius cheng goes to slp le, i am going to slp soon too.
Done packing le bag. Not funny when your bag is fucking heavy. Really not funny :')
Currently jogging with le housemate. Ni jogging ke walking? Puahahaha! :p
Queuing for le #PokemonXY and wild amah appeared. It was super effective
Feel like cabbing back bedok but yesterday totally drained me out le: (:(
Got a feel I slp le can't wake up, but can't don't slp also -___-
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #Bangalore Consultant - Warehouse Management (LE & WM) at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs #Jobs
by twitterusername "Bila boleh baca ni... *le sigh.." via twitterusername twitterurl
*Le me holding my phone* OMFG! Where's my... Oh never mind.. #fb
Hehe le bbg is drinking her milk now! And it's time for bed alr!
I should really start doing homework before le b scolds me tomorrow xD
fuck sia mbs kimchi soup at food court FOOD COURT cost 12 dollars. Woah cb le
Done with my paper work for tonight. Wait fer me le kiddos.
rt twitterusername Le sigh, why tomorrow got test.... I don't wanna go school one leh sian.
Think cfm alot of ppl thot I mia le cos nvr reply their messages.
twitterurl S'pore and Vietnam enjoy prospering economic ties: PM Lee: Singapore's Prime Minister Le... twitterurl
Chef Zuween in-charge today for le iftarrr . Hohoi twitterusername kata nak tolong
Bird feathers everywhere. Y ur feathers keep drop aiyo qi si wo le.
Lunch time with le boy before movie! ????????? #food #lunch #yummy #town @ Cedele by Bakery Depot twitterurl
Going to Le Danz Ballroom for the Inter-Tertiary Salsa Competition ^.^
I still can't stop laughing at Ole Le Cook's assertion of "special bullet-proof aeroplanes".\
Sitting in for tmrw's EXCO meeting... ahh the official handover.. le sighs.. *sob sob*
I really is listen till I dozing off le.. So gentle the voice~~~ ????????????????????????????????????? Im awake liao..
osea thats all. no le voy a tuitear como pelotuda a believemovie
Need to wear high heels for next week con le... lmao.
Waa tamp sushi express open le o?? I want go also!!!
bro at Macau ehhhh!!! XD me long time no go there le :/
"twitterusername Extreme Macro ??? Mind-blowing Insect Photos by Johan J.Ingles-Le Nobel twitterurl  via twitterusername
kang xi lai le 10 years liao sia lol i 14 years old watching wow
Little India got riot?? I need to read the newspaper tomorrow le..
??twitterusername ??twitterusername All maids gonna cry le. Their boyfriend all in war.??? this HAHHAHHAHA???
Cant decide which course to take... Aerospace engineering or electrical & electronic engineering.. Le sigh
Last day of enjoying and playing today . Tmr start studying le lo
Lol mxm he knows he's far from being a 3. Busy dlala ngathi le chap. :"D
Tak rock le gud nite bebbbb "twitterusername Masa dah time.... gud nite babe... (@ ???????) [pic]: twitterurl
Chatting sessions with le classmates before heading to mosque & rehearsal later.
??twitterusername why wildboar so long I starving alrd??? bc th bus lo !! I rchin le
all the cloning.. see le sian.. but i like my shiny gabite.. havent make it garchomp..
Brother Shevan - another darling brother , le favourite , part of my life , family , my another eye ,?? twitterurl
I'm having strong prodev withdrawal symptoms alr oh nooo missing my groupmates le
???ReSound LiNX??? launches globally as first MFi Bluetooth LE hearing aid twitterurl
&lol le mum said i machiam just came back from war after seeing all the salonpas. ( ????????????? )??
Don't have da courage to tell u. Cos I think u got crush le.
Sorry for being slow but Anberlin is so nice. Ahhh music to le ears
Le dessert at #cakespade with love. #cake #nutella #crumble #icecream #shiok #dessert @ Cake Spade twitterurl
should start working or smth to get my hands on le 5 spokes :3
What's something every teen should know? ??? Im not really sure le hahaha twitterurl
Filled up my stomach. Time for bed now. Meeting le girl at night :)
Been on a shopping spree w le boyfriend since 4pm! WoOp!
Shan Wee and Josh at Le Noir :O the strobe lights make everything sexier twitterurl
it's like waiting for something that will prolly not happen. le sigh.
Wasting my holiday w/ le Xbox 360 - Fifa 13!! Hais. #WhatsNew
Change of plan. Not gna visit grandma le. Go bpp instead.
i dun giv too much hope. i m afraid of hurts n disappointments le.
Early in the morning, waking up to go swimming with le family.
Why you so long never slack with me le ! ??? oh. whooooo are you ? >< twitterurl
I can never get tired of looking at le bbg's pictures over and over again.
Good morning from le mum and I! #mummy #love #forever ? twitterurl
Check out at Chalet. A great chalet gathering with le classmates.
bathe reali fast cos gastric acting up agn.. hmwrk ltr do le. cnt tak it!><
Aiyoh girl. U slp in the toilet or bertapa. I need to go market le
10pm chnl U show more and more exciting!! Jiu gu niang killed the major le! Haha
Yay, twitterusername . Le superman ?? #teen #teenage #girl #love #life #swag #awesome #superman twitterurl
This night will be watching a movie w le cousins and brother :D
LE PUKES. EWWW. -coughs coughs coughs- RT twitterusername twitterusername oh that Chio Bu?! Hahahah
#NowPlaying Borderlands 2 with le sister while it is raining heavily. :D ????
Being pmr candidates made me so hard divide my times with le familyyyyy (??_??;?
Buying bekpes for le whole family. (@ Pasar Awam Jalan 2) twitterurl
Shi Le and Zac helped me during dnt and they are so funny hahahaha
Guy Tang & Peter Le have killer bods but they really don't know how to dance! twitterurl
Finally coax le bbg to sleep. Shall faster go prepare now!
That le sigh moment when you are at the edge of giving up.
Waiting for le kambing to finish showering. Then off to sleep. And school tmr. #notswaggy
TSK! Le papacheong ask me if I wanna acc him go TAS! Tsktsktsk
Omg when will any of my family members come back .... My butt rotting le ?? .
; u ; hammy is faithful to me sobs...le is guilty for cheating ono
Le dear told me to go home straight. Which I will do exactly just that. Hungry.
Lastym I got draw rabbit be4 but Dk the drawing go where le><.
Thx fr th chewing gum:-) . twitterusername . Ben one tmr pass him , he left sch le
Consultor SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) - SAP: ( #BuenosAires ) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job #Jobs
Hectic day tmr. School. Tuition. Meeting le annoying in th evening.
I hate to meet with le "paper". Oh please, belum jawab dah hasting........
I want go swim le but this timing go like... too late
finally get to spent the afternoon with her twitterusername and le girls.We miss you!xx twitterurl
Wahh siao liao le. My eyes kennut tashan liao. Tyme to boboq. Nyte semua
lunch date w/ le girls finally the 5 of us twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ??
Le hubs is not at home.. and me just woke up. Nice
But le papacheong said he doesn't wan yest. Hur. Lemme pray lemme pray! Hehe
Lepak shisha with long lost friend, Munawwar a.k.a 'lentok' at Restoran Le Lac
those fans cmi then shoo off can le no need bs at boss mentions ok lol
I was going to go for a ride, mais je suis fatigu??. Le sad trombone.
Who did not reply to your text? ??? Say le you also don't know who twitterurl
le new router, hopefully internet connection wont break down again (??_??) twitterurl
I free for 1year 6mth le, so prove of myself I can behavior hehe
SAP: Consultor SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) ( #BuenosAires ) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job #Jobs #TweetMyJobs
Restoring le phone in progress ?? #me #girl #asian #singaporean #sg #zhabor #youth #teen #camwhored?? twitterurl
/le sobs/ a moment of silence~~~~ X5_FC just announced they're closing down (T_T)
Looking forward to Thursday. CAH, SW and playing games for LE. ?? shiok
a month tak lepak with le bestiest it feels like a year ok!
Le new studs! ?? #bluew/diamond #blue #diamond #fuck #heart #blueheart #mine #tongue #studs twitterurl
Should be working at Le nior tonight, but due to leg injury ?? sian
I knew it.. My japan drama haven't subbed yet.. le sigh..
Lunch with le cute girls!!! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername (@ Absolute Thai) twitterurl
Haha k. RT: twitterusername twitterusername math won't fail one la phy just remember formula can le
Why am I still have gastric when I eat every meal le:/
Acting all weird around pretty girls. Le sigh why self esteem whyyyyyy
#ootd #potd ready for final suara gemilang with le boys ! Wish me luck guys :) twitterurl
I miss working out in bunk with le sectx mates twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Consultant - Warehouse Management (LE & WM) - SAP: ( #Bangalore ) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job #Jobs
It was really nice to be with le dear after work. Even for awhile.
Weather too shiok le.. woke up late.. now on the way to sch..
"twitterusername Thanks for le surprise dear Fizz and kareem.  ???" surprise ape ea ? Hhahaha
Pac le Hip Hop ne t' oublira jamais #tbt #2pac #tupac #hiphop #music #nofilter #bestoftheday?? twitterurl
Late lunch with le babes twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
shall see if le dude who was staring at me is working tmr lol.
#BusinessMgmt #Job alert: SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) Consultant Job | SAP | #BuenosAires twitterurl #sap #sapjobs #Jobs
I think I know why those people see le, Isaac car engine very loud LOL twitterusername
This guy crazy le for 1hr he is still running on the threadmill. Not boring meh
ur can restart stream le bah LOL ending ( twitterusername live on twitterurl )
Le papacheong is going PNG on tue. Can't help but to worry for him.
So .... Le brother just hung all his clothes around the room... Literally .
Ngeteh with le norisma family sambil layan JDT vs PKNS. (@ Restoran Keluarga) twitterurl
sedih x le tgk #CintaJannah g :-( RT twitterusername Last episod #CintaJannah
Long time never play arm wrestling with tis stupid girl le twitterusername .
Wow a lot of japanese at Tampines Central during lunch time le lol
I want to take a nap but cant fall asleep *le sigh*
Le mama bought me a polo shirt. Stripey pink shirt. Mmmhmmm.
Tmd . Revision done heard twitter got war then i come in all end le :(
??twitterusername If by tmr still feeling not well. Then not going camp le bah.???
All papers have alr done n I did my best. No point thinking bout tat le. ?
My sayang and le' boys, they are waiting for you. Cc twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Had a good talk with my boss le, going to talk to my employee asap
With le boy, heading to town now! #Boy #love #sweet #times #together #forever. twitterurl
Exchanging dirty secret and talking crap with le tetek bestfriend is nothing new twitterusername Sial uh!
Woah, le fuzzy is in Jordan for his studies. All the best Abang Udin!
??twitterusername Time for Some quality time with le guitar (:???hahah pratise for me kay?:p
Sorry le girlfriend, i can't resist rugby. See ya! twitterusername #Rugby #RBS6Nations #AllBleus #FRAvWAL
??twitterusername Wth! I'm the only one left to ??, no link all go sleep le.. ?????
Xin nian kuai le RT twitterusername Happy chinese new year twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Mai la, sheng ching ping le RT "twitterusername twitterusername wo bu zhi dao"
Currently at Nex movie watching #AhBoysToMen2 with Le Familia and cousins ^^
Just let me be forever alone reading Yaoi manga. LE SIGHHH. MY LIFE
That song :) ? ? ??? ???? (Whenever you play that song) by ?? (Huh gak) & LE(EXID) ??? twitterurl
#school #girl #moustachewatch hi im le cute girl. Ahak ahak. #annoying twitterurl
#SetiaHujungNyawa esok dah tamat? Eh? I guess so and will missing le actor...... :(xxxx
Ssshh! Le Meridien Bali Jimbaran's Day of Silence Promo Offers Free Night on Nyepi. twitterurl
Arghhh , I don't want to be involve le . Not cooperative at all .
Le Bitchygirl. ?? twitterusername #throwback #first #photo #potd #girl #boy #igsg #instadaily #singapore?? twitterurl
Photo: my wedding couple Le Sucre arrived!!! to be tied on our wedding car.. happy!! ^^ twitterurl
jps 400pts more for 6GB upload :/ KA KIN LEHHH seeding 73 torrent le lehhh
Away to Tanjung Langsat w/ le familia, fishing trip on-the-go!! Wuhooooo!!
Fucked up shoe got wet because of the rain. Wearing le Nike.
I double swear happy bcs all djfehanest were together at le Whatsapp
Le dad is quite a big fan of Alley cats.... so yeah
So kin tis thurs valentines day le! Single on valentines day.
Babe, this is my last tweet already. I'm leaving my house now le. Byebye!
last piece of chocolate. yg laen le momzy dah kaup huhu ;(
HAHA! So sweet oh! Not going le! Help me tell him sorry! ?(?_?)? twitterusername
I wan to cry le la! Can't even talk..my voice break n soft T.T
Mahjong with the monsters and my bro!:) Damn long no play le! twitterurl
The Harlem Shake thing is super duper funny!! I can watch that for hours le
Zzz i want go bathe and sleep le. Seriously cannot tahan.
Thinking of how little chance I have I wan cry le ; (
Day time rain at night also rain... Tsk le rain dripping sound so god damn annoying.
Exactly le fav saengiee should teach zelly to not touch ppls maximus *^*
Le #nails ;) #cupcake #potd #amaro #instaglam #instagood @ San Juan Road twitterurl
Late night supper with le dear and his cousin + gf. twitterurl
Renewing le therapy. (@ Tonik Asia Group: The Spine And Joint Specialists) twitterurl
"Morocco"  My dream home when I was young  J'ame le Maroc :) twitterurl
Fulfilling ze crave with le mates (@ KFC Jusco Tmn U) twitterurl
Saw a tweet abt tiff on ite confession page now dissapear le
Panda Pic: Chef Boyar Le 4: T. Williams Photography posted a photo:\
Attempting to tidy up le room now, but i keep slacking! ):
My baby getting my nails done ! I love my Le freak
Le bf wants to be top cause I'm a fantastic baby~ twitterusername
Had pasar malam food with le lovely classmates just now. Craving satisfied! ^^
Haiyah, who willing to acc me eat ice cream tml le :-(
yes ah my phone will be mine soon ergh faster le fri!
Finally home from a day of bowling and pizza with le cousin twitterusername <3 twitterurl
Le grand secret marketing d'Apple : 'Nous ne d??pensons aucun ... - Express.be twitterurl #marketing
twitterusername my portable charger broke the other day. *funeral* ;A; yeah LE SIGH.... #iphonekids
Samsung r??invente le Dock pour Windows 8 twitterurl #apple #mac
noname Kitty 3D, le th??me iPhone 4 du Weekend ! N??111 twitterurl #iphone
twitterusername by the time iPhone 5 release, Samsung will have better phones le. ;)
Apple ID leak traced to Florida publishing company - twitterurl Telegraph.co.ukApple ID le... twitterurl #Tech #News
I uploaded a twitterusername video twitterurl Le Apple Hotel (Room Tour)
dun come play with us horh!!!! fucking long le! twitterusername twitterurl
Le friends say im weird, lelaki botak aku cakap sexy (for certain face ONLY)
geo so challengin i hate geo siagiv me headache nia tmr thn do le sua
At Bluestar now with le dancemates. Makan after dancedancedance. Yea man.
#squaready on the way to sentosa with le bitch twitterusername for OTC mass outing ?? twitterurl
Will try my best RT twitterusername twitterusername ya!!! Omg. Book one for me le! :(
Waiting for le best friend twitterusername outside home economic room.^^ twitterurl
Reach hme le n gg excise, hope my silly ah neh get a good rest ^^
Wah. This hr train can take siah. The people like ants. I miss two train le.
Aiyo morning want nag nag. Just keep quiet for once le
Another cool J's from LE, Air Jordan 7 Raptors?????? #jordan #kicks #singapore #filipino #happy #swag twitterurl
Running le errands at the bank! It's so troublesome (kinda!) trying to activate deactive accounts :/
Anyhow bomb course de "twitterusername twitterusername Haha btw u done ur jae swee swee le ma"
Anything! Im reaching le! RT twitterusername twitterusername I at backgate!! Want me wait you??
OMG. Now that le bbg can crawl. She's eating all the wires, curtains and carpets. Ohhhhmyyyygoddddd.
Oh. And le papacheong decided to come back tonight instead of 2 weeks later.
Everything seen here were recommended to us. Vanilla and hazelnut latte, homemade onigiri, le @ forgood ???? twitterurl
Packing all my stuffs and cant wait to meet le familia yeayy yeayy
Is there such a thing as being born lucky? Le sigh.
wah i alrdy say restart nid wait a while first le. stil thr sacaristic me
W8-ing fr le mummy cos i cannt sleep. Am too scare????
My babyyip alsleep already if not can ask him! Le sigh...
Girls, tomorrow morning we shall meet in le class twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
#nowplaying Na xie nian. My phone sot le. Cannot type chinese ):
??twitterusername "twitterusername Lucky upper sec no art le, if not I bang wall die sua."???
You are!! RT twitterusername I wish i'm that good looking le sigh.
Going bishan with le classmate after school. They say they wanna watch movie..
LMFAOOOO NOT @ le Miller family being in a ICDC College commercial :///
Harry Potter Et Le Prisonnier D'Azkaban(Harry Potter (Paperback)) By (author) J. K. Rowling - Harry... twitterurl
Great takraw game with le classmates #NM1201K ! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername n twitterusername
??twitterusername Finally today last day of school liao but next week exam week le :(???
Just done dated with le food. Alhamdulilah fulled alr <3<3
And waking up to allergies is really no joke, le sigh! twitterurl
Jumaat nanti aku free . Okay jom bowling with le girlfriends . Uuuuu .
by twitterusername "Congrats twitterusername graduate le:):) suppose to graduate with twitterusername twitterurl
I think my phone battery got problem.... It's draining too fast le...
W/ le lovely babe ?? #friends #us #girls #singaporean #sg #asian #teen #youth #cliquemates #clique?? twitterurl
#lastyear Hardwork paid offfffff with le awesome CAVE :') ehehe twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Nap for awhile in this Le honda swift . . while waiting them . . . . . .  zZzZzZzzzzzzz . . . . .
Le' Burn for Abg Burn.. Haha.. Happi besday in advance.. twitterurl
OOPG I read le jitao sianjipua,I got no idea wat I'm reading.
my mind is free from amything else now! up next to meet le bestfriends!
Guard duty on Sunday . Le sigh nvm tahan till Monday 8am book out .
Shag face at shopping yesterday, but I love the denim jacket from le kids dept! twitterurl
*see the price for football jersey* wow , it's $100 *le cries*
Cancel the new bag because I'm loving my union jack backpack from le aunt ???
Feddde Le Grand & Nicky Romero Ft. Matthew Koma // Sparks (vicetone remix)
Patting le bbg for her nap in 15mins. Shall prepare lunch after that!
Got back home from a little bonding time with le sister.
Feet on the ground, head held high, and le middle finger even higher.
cousin so good ah still buy waffle for me le ~ so rare.
"twitterusername Next month pizza and shopping with le niggas ^^" Manelah kan...
I don't want to care le.. It's none of my business..
Missing le sisters graduation because the school won't grant me loa. SUCK MY DICK
Cousin's wedding reception w/ le family ;D @ Dewan Gemilang Felda D'Saji twitterurl
This is how i do waiting le girls choosing her baju about 3 hours! twitterurl
Fed le bbg her milk. Now I can sleep at ease. ???
AsiaClassifiedToday: Lecture links biotechnology to capitalism - The Brown Daily Herald: Le... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Having breakfast with le family before i'm going back to Merli.
Finished dinner with le boy family, sending him in camp now. (:
Happy wedding marcell (with Osvaldo and Michael at Hotel Le Meridien, Sasono Mulyo Ballroom) ??? twitterurl
why whenever i say i'm not gonna party le no one believes me SIGH really
Sibei shag now. Wonder how to survive later for le friend ROM. Bopi I don't oversleep. ):
Chill chill at le nest awhile then go attica shake shake
Waiting for le boy to end his assignment. end up aku tertido.
Dinner time with le family! ???#happy #dinner #food #smile #love #family. @ Hougang 684 Kopi Point twitterurl
Warming up (with Tommy, Subiakto, and 2 others at Le Noir) ??? twitterurl
Feel like going cycling w le mates tomorrow. But i guess next week aje la.
Wah lau. ..I'm not machine le. ..how can I rem everything sia somemore at midnight. ..
To expo alone. Gah. Charging le ipod to accompany me throughout the whole long journey.
Le Cousin's huge ass tv is as big as 2wice of me.... FWWUAAKKKK! twitterurl
This cong le sure die sia if I come for the camp
The latest android phone all can see emoji le lah stupid twitterurl
Dinner w le familyyy ??? (@ Restoran Sekinchan Ikan Bakar w/ 2 others) twitterurl
Le bbg can take spicy food at 15months. All thanks to papacheong.
Catered lunchie and another meeting le sigh @ Marina Bay Financial Centre (MBFC) Tower 3 twitterurl
\\\\O// I got rid of 7. HAHAHAHA RT twitterusername Give out 4 cds le LMAO
Something for the sweet tooth. @ Le Steak by Chef Amri twitterurl
wa ur fb full le cant add >< ??? Where got full? Lolol twitterurl
Have a great friday :) (with Verd at Petromak Johnny Wong Steak, Le Codefin) [pic] ??? twitterurl
nvm nvm nvm. today last day le, bear with it, andrea.
LE NOIR- The intimate side of Cirque is coming to Singapore.\
Dad bringing us out at 2am. I can't sleep le and I'm sick. ):
Xin nian kuai le, gong xi fa cai... May your pockets be filled with ang bao.\
Gonna miss SA.. Gonna miss Ms Fiona.. Everything will change.. Wait.. Everything has changed.. Le sighs
Sian so weird, now cannot play w my tongue stud le >:(
le moon is bright & big tonight!!! any water bender out there? tonight is the night!!!
Get my nails done... lol... long time didn't use blink blink le twitterurl
Wore a pair of everyone find it ugly shoes but I like jiu can le HAHAHA
yay my long sleeve come le why they never help me iron??? :) twitterurl
Gonna get my haircut at le usual macha place. Dey, long time no see da. Hahah!!!
le Vocal coach having a gig at Asia Square #DylanFoster #BlackAndRed #MacamAcapellaDressCodeJer twitterurl
With le people ive been spending time the most ???? #TeslNight #Friends #Memories twitterurl
Cos had too much on this trip le? :p Enjoy your dinner ya ;) ??? Yeah haha twitterurl
I drop from 122kg to 105kg, is that the best I can do? Le sigh.
Fixed a date to bring le mommsy to see doc and repair her phone as well.
omg i reach the point where people want ask me sign up for credit card le
Otw le. RT twitterusername Eh slowpoke u can faster anot twitterusername
Tgk the vow ? Nak usha oungkoq channing tatum le tew ~ Kah3
Thursdate with le' girls ??? Awesome sneakers from twitterusername #SimpleOotd #MissBoyfriend twitterurl
Now 2014 u still cannot take such jokes i bwg le
shouldn't have installed vine bc I can't stop watching vines ARGH /le crys
Le Ducati Streetfighter! #ducati #streetfighter #naza #superbike #vsco #igersmalaysia #instagood twitterurl
Dinner with le friends at #TimHoWan. #igsg #instavideo #100HappyDays #day74 #birthday #april #baby?? twitterurl
Gossiping w/ le aunt. She asks who is my boyf. Hihi. Just show him anyone punya gambar :p
Official: 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire: A fire swept through a nightclub in southern Brazil, killing at le... twitterurl
Wapiang this bunch of guys apparently just smoked and boarded the campus shuttle bus -.- le me sitting in front died
Opps.. Le bf complaining already. I nd find some plc else to put Honey & Petunia.  #cute #plush #toys twitterurl
Texting w/ mum and le sister. Damn it. Tons of gossip and storyyy. Cant wait . Nak balikkk oiiii :D
Now when I think back, I can't stop smiling. I like it when le dear cares and is concerned.
Watching D-trix funny videos really helps me flush out those grotesque images from before.... *LE HAPPY*
Mehhh malasnye nak belajar hahahah yea i know hw to complain only but im still here rolling on le sofa
INORAN wil be at Meet&Greet presented by Fender today at 7pm in Singapore! venue: Swee Le... twitterurl via twitterusername
Define HEAVY brekky? Cup of coffee. Yang Chow fried rice. Spam. Siomai. Le Coeur corned beef pandesal.?? twitterurl
Finally buying le accessories gonna ask rahman to choose for me. Then we shall eat best fries forever! :b
Done with all the hosting & caregiving and waiting for le boyfriend to Avocado me. Sounds so cute heee
Le foreveralone memories RT twitterusername So it's been officially a year since out crazy act in school OTL twitterusername twitterusername
This is so so #seldom . Betting whose can hold much "cloud" . Try guess who's le winner? #vapour?? twitterurl
Lol then dun go relatives house lor then no need give ang pow le you happy liao
Shisha with le cuzzy lurp twitterusername at arab st ??#night #singapore #bored #fun #smoke kk tc ?? twitterurl
Oh sigh, I also want one chanel bag le.. From Milan for your information. SIGH SIGH SIGH. #badluckjoanne.
Confit of Organic Egg w/ Smoked Eel, Iberico Ham & Truffle Reduction. #aujardin @ Au Jardin Le Amis twitterurl
??twitterusername Hate guys attach le , still flirt ? You didn't spare a though for your girlfriend , #Majorturnoff .??? Harnorrrrrr!
Can't believe twitterusername told me that she's watching RM like OMG EVERYTHING IS POSSI LE omg im tearing up ;_;
Laughing my ass off trynna bring the surprise cake into the house while le momsy shower my lil sister ??
Time running out for Italy leftist Bersani's government bid: ROME: Time was running out for Italy's leftist le... twitterurl
Just pop medicine again. Hoping le bbg cn sleep throughout the night! I need a good sleeeeep!
Le AWESOME ThaiSONEs I am with for supper just now! ^^ kob khun kabbb~! See you guys tomorrow (-/\\-) twitterurl
Blogged about my history with le music school, my current status as its student-performer and my first performance... twitterurl
Fuck fuck fuck seriously i regret le why never i get the lightsticks argh dint knew it was so amazing
Playing CoD: Black Ops on a Sunday. Gonna play with le headphones and talk to random people in Multiplayer. xDD
??twitterusername AH NI RT "twitterusername Being squeezed, groped, grinned and touched in le train. Sucks. So insecure."???
Shall send le papacheong to work! And head for foot massageeee! Lol. Early in e morn! Hohoho
In need of a big fat hug. My nose hurts so much from my walking-into-glass situation. Le sob.
Nokia revend le framework Qt, qui sera port?? sur Android, iOS et Windows Phone 8 #ios #apple:  twitterurl
Fresh iPhone Apps for Aug. 3: List Bliss, Infinity Blade II update, Glass Balance: Spend le... twitterurl twitterurl
New Post : iPhone 5 mini dock USB cable photo leaked ??? SlashGear: SlashGeariPhone 5 mini dock USB cable photo le... twitterurl
Mises ?? jour : Angry Birds Space, Cut the Rope et Doodle Jump, parfait avant le week-end ! twitterurl #iphone #france
RT twitterusername Apple's $1 Billion Verdict May Lead to Samsung Sales Ban - Businessweek: CBC.caApple's $1 Billion Verdict May Le... http: ...
Competitive landscape ahead of iPhone 5: Nokia shows off new Lumia phones #nokia #mobile: Photo of Lumia 820 (le... twitterurl
New images of Steve Jobs during Apple founder's early years: Previously unseen photographs of the le... twitterurl #Tech #News
Xin nien kuai le! RT twitterusername [130111] SNSD speaks Happy New Year in Mandarin: twitterurl Woahhhh loool
Twitter so dead. Like almost everyone went to bed le, yet I'm here doing my dad's stuffs.
Amboi. It will come by itself rite -.- I'm not gving up just waiting fr le rite guy! twitterusername
Le roomate is walking away from me.  how I wish she can be my roomate for next sem :(
#nowplaying Adele - Chasing Pavements | Should I give up or should I keep on chasing pavements even if it le twitterurl
Lol im still waiting for le bestfriend and farhan is already at school waiting for me hahahaha
at other time ok dolphin??twitterusername Talked to le tigah for like 1 hour but still not enough tho .???
Le bro coming back from bkk tonight~ so wanna wait for him to reach home, but am so sleepy??
Yah yah chanyeorr go ask le fav saengie to follow that acc :3 i will go there ~ ^^
I love receiving and replying to long and sincere comments on le blog & youtube. I'll stay strong. :')
This timing raining ! Like omg , NICE WEATHER to sleep le ! T-T but I'm down here painting -.-
When I tweeted that everyone like 'Eh aku baca doh' 'count me in' 'no dah termaksuk aku?' Ahaks le
Sometimes blame myself for thinking too much when my boy behaved himself & changed so much because of me. Le sigh. :(((
??twitterusername Going to buy paint with le mummeh, gonna paint the house ..??? Dh nk raya ke?? .. Lolol
Photoset: photojojo: In Le Petit Prince, Matej Peljhan captures the imagination of a 12 year old boy with... twitterurl
Nk hasap but this room fill with air con just won't le me escape . Meh so lazy
Gonna whatsapp the peeps with a picture of one of le balls hanging out of my trunks. twitterusername
??wei, LE KONG SI MI? you not happy wtyh cat ah? Come ah, fight with me lai. Ai mai? KANNINA???
My god... what am i doing? I pay using coin le.. i alight still want to tap...
This wednesday got Graduation Phototaking with le classmates, how awsome is it :D , gonna share this memories til it last :')
So demoralizing. Le sisters come sp to mock at me before eating their ban mian at buona vista twitterusername twitterusername
Waiting for a bus to go back home. With le GBS. Haha. twitterusername #throwback #school #boy #girl?? twitterurl
Oh well.. im one who cant stay angry for long..5min and den im fine le hahas!^^
*Le Adam Lambert Day* Fan: *Blasts Adam's music all day long* Glambert: bitch, i do that everyday! #HappyAdamLambertDay X3
LE to the PAK! Okay, shall head to sleep soon cause I'ma working on Sunday Morning........ GOOD the?? twitterurl
Movie-ing with le friends at my home while waiting faten to come home from her tiring job -.-
AsiaClassifiedToday Le double dip: A year after taking office, embattled Hollande faces fre... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
#46 Having a day along with le friends. Kota Tinggi Waterfall. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and awie twitterurl
#local #news Former poly lecturer jailed for hitting, punching taxi driver: A former polytechnic le... twitterurl #singapore
Cb, I rly old le sia, aching all over -_- Fucking shag also, must faster fix my body clock!
I am seriously broke. I don't know how am I gonna survive. Both bank also dry le.. /:
I don't understand. What symptoms?  RT twitterusername twitterusername you got symptoms le. Go do blood test! Don't eat first! LOL!
Dinner with le familia. :D howyeahh while waiting for the opening of gerbang malam. (@ Medan Selera Bumbung Biru) twitterurl
OPEC to hold oil output despite global economic fears: OPEC ministers said they expected to keep oil??output le... twitterurl
Uh uh? Shortie? RT twitterusername Your skin is worst :p *ampun le "gabrielgumantar: Nope, arum's tahi lalat (cont) twitterurl
[CNA] Former MM Lee Kuan Yew conferred Doctor of Laws by NUS: Singapore's former Minister Mentor Le... twitterurl #singapore
Waiting for le turn to photoshoot for matrix card. Bye bye bubu aku buat dulu. Lol twitterurl
Longer use of tamoxifen shown to cut risk of breast cancer recurrence: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Breast cancer is le... twitterurl
[TRE] MDA???s absurd pretence of parity: Singapore???s Media Development Authority have gone to some le... twitterurl #singapore
Wa the bus uncle not bad ah... Press bell le skip my stop... Make me walk a big round....
Can't listen to Cry's reading because i can only loh one device into the wifi here. *Le sighs*
ended class alreadyyyyyyyyyyy, waiting for le noob to meet me so i can pass to her the chocolate froggies
so i gave all my froggies to le noob hahaha, dont stuff them in your mouth arhh hahaha twitterusername
the-winchester-initiative: amazign: aaawwpicklesss: amazign: when someone puts ???le??? in front of a word that... twitterurl
Harus bisaRT twitterusername GabisaRT twitterusername Di fotocopy aja raisanya le._.RT rifky_kfr: Iya raisa ih lon:(RT twitterusername (cont) http
#Free #Kindle #4: Spectre of the Sword: Spectre of the Sword Kathryn Le Veque (Author) (28?? twitterurl
"twitterusername I want to watch sudden. But apparently running man is more interesting. Hmm. :/" last episode le!!!!
Core Autosport to be Porsche factory team in Tudor United SportsCar Championship GT Le Mans class: Drivers hav... twitterurl
[Y!FB] It's less than 15 min to #thekillers performing in Singapore for #F1 #GrandPrix,...: It's le... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Still considering in selling my iPad though, hmm.." dont sell, now market give you low price le
Seoul Garden! Yeayy setelah sekian lama mengidam. Thank you Miss Wati & Eliliah for le free voucher!?? twitterurl
Signature Symmetry Eggs Sur Le Plat - the classic all day brunch set with 2 poached eggs, pork?? twitterurl
just realised janken's on wed. why is everything on wed. janken, acchan's single, fdj's single...must buy 4d le
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #BuenosAires SAP Retail (SD, MM, LE) Consultant Job at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs #Jobs
Il etait trop chou le mec avec son bob stussy hier au bestreet weeknd (cc twitterusername *tapeunbigsmile*
Overall Meal Summary for today: Nasi Goreng Ikan Bilis, Le Classique Ham Sandwich, Iced Latte, Shark Fin Soup.
I also wanna try ^^ Looks fun le see my classmate play :) But still a beginner. Slowly2 .. twitterurl
Well: Food Allergies Less Deadly Than Accidents: A new study finds that people with food allergies have far le... twitterurl
alcohol a few days ago. Does it happen to the other one too? Le sigh. Shall stay home tonight.
[CNA] Bedok residents take part in caregiver initiative: Some 20 caregivers in Bedok on Saturday le... twitterurl #singapore
Pirates yes, okunye le kude RT twitterusername Sunday !!! I cannot wait. ARSENAL AND PIRATES just need to be great!
The Messiah's Twitter acct is down, but le me spots twitterusername Can't follow though, for some strange reason. #Anonymous #Singapore
??twitterusername twitterusername im sorry to break your bubbles everyone but woohyun doesn't have a penis. twitterusername .??? le heart is broken
Halfway through Petit Le Mans, Muscle Milk is leading the way: Muscle Milk Honda is dominating the final ALMS ... twitterurl
Going to have a Graham Greene in Le Club Bar at the Metropole Hotel, Hanoi on Sunday afternoon
Corvette Racing C7.R makes commitment to Le Mans, Tudor United SportsCar Championship: Expanded eight-driver l... twitterurl
Really late post,, yesterday's send off.. thank you mum for sending us off..!! And thanks to le sis,?? twitterurl
late dinner with le mum :----) off day spent by painting the walls at home and splurging on buying?? twitterurl
See the Bentley 3 Liter Le Mans winner at R??tromobile: Bugatti-beating racer displayed to celebrate 90th anniv... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername waseh waseh. Nice nice???.  don't la. I shy le nehe. haisz. you made so shy
Company in West Virginia spill failed to disclose second chemical: The company behind a chemical spill that le... twitterurl
How old were you when you learned how to ride a bike? ??? Very young.  I forgot le. twitterurl
Dimakari le weather RT twitterusername It rains, stops/ Sun comes out, then dissapears/ starts raining again. Johannesburg?
the things you gotta do when waiting for the cloth to finish spinning is dota. twitterusername moh le
The next moment I'm at chapter 20 le omg I don't want it to end T^T
uhh u need to have a good rest haha tired already yo;) too lazy Le ??? ya lo ~ twitterurl
After party at our wedding day.?? (w/ Ricardo, Marley, & 66 others at Le Ballroom, Pakuwon City-Laguna) [pic] ??? twitterurl
in love with such chill afternoons with le famille, free from work and deadlines ?? @ TWG Tea Salon &?? twitterurl
Le mother found a pack of cigarette inside the bus! Macam tau je aku takde rokok. Menthol pon menthol?? twitterurl
Heading to the Swarovski decked up with "Le Rock" hair Done by the Scene at the New Robinson Orchard Singapore
Not only does Farage admire Putin, but now he believes Marine Le Pen "has got some good qualities".
Japan debut my birthday week le. .. can this be my birthday present to see them there ? Haha... oh man...
Good day actually. Receive chocolates, sweets & a card from classmates and le girlfriend. Then dinner with girlfriend hehe.
Can't seem to concentrate on Daeln. Le sigh. I'm only aiming for a C at the moment.
remember sec1 twitterusername used to stop drop roll hhahahha!!!! now old already, LAO LE MEI YOU LI QI
yu're number one from my heart le, I love you no matter what happen. much love, mwah? twitterusername
Now in le toilet anddd I haven't finish my electrical components yet and lesson is gonna finish in one hour.
1,360 extremists groups and growing: The number of American "patriot" extremist groups has reached a record le... twitterurl
its sad how mlp doesnt have a slot for me to work now but for my "internship" le sigh (???)
'Sexy' & 'hot' cant even define this *le melts badly* #sexy #hot #holy #define #justin #drew #bieber?? twitterurl
If you think the word 'le' is annoying then stfu that's yr problem. Alot of ppl use it anyway lol
Just got home. Shall sleep real soon. Need to wake up at 9 later for paintball sesh with le classmates.
Awwww RT twitterusername Do you miss Maryjoy? Hahahaha ??? Hahaha quite. Havent seen her for very long time le. twitterurl
Child neglect danger 'underplayed': Child neglect should be taken as seriously as physical abuse because it le... twitterurl
Hah. Taking pure Physics and pure Chemistry was the biggest mistake eva! Should take combined phy chem instead le sigh.
A day with school and a night with le school mates, totally loving it. Really had a wonderful night, goodnight.???
Me and my Aunty steady like a boss here instead le children are kept cleaning the house xx
currently at ayer rajah, bought pratas to eat later yayness. antar food to le pakcik and back home
08. Canci??n que le dedicar??as a tus hermanos: we are never ever getting back together
Steady change your dp , damn gross , somemore you got boyfriend le . No need show people your body anymore .
Iron Man Even Makes Getting Dressed Look Badass:        It doesn't show anywhere as much as the recent full-le... twitterurl
Heading to garden by the bay now with a group of le ling peeps hehehe so energetic ermaigawd
RT twitterusername Still considering to get iPhone 4s or wait for iPhone5 after talking with le cuzz twitterusername
TechIndia Top 5 makers of tablets, led by Apple; Samsung second - Economic Times: AFPTop 5 makers of tablets, le... twitterurl
Apple's $1 Billion Verdict May Lead to Samsung Sales Ban - Businessweek: CBC.caApple's $1 Billion Verdict May Le... twitterurl
*not quite effective* *need better photos, not the nerdy ones* xD RT twitterusername *le wild trainee throw some photos*
Oh ya primary school friend, help me tell your twin sister that I liked the photo yest le! twitterusername
AsiaClassifiedToday More nightmares for Boeing 787 Dreamliner as plane suffers second fuel le... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
walao peep nt angry. u talk so much i dan ren angry le liao. funny meh still laugh-.-"
My captain n even other ppl say tat I chng a lot in darts... Not my old self anymore le...
I should go ol later. at night *^* haish why lulu i liked yeol TvT le bias and photos.. gah ;~; twitterurl
Le Roy slams DR Congo's chaotic Cup build-up - Yahoo! Singapore News: Yahoo! Singapore NewsLe Roy slams DR Congo... twitterurl
Le brother's watching football together, but both are from different team. #CFCv #AFC #epl #football #siblin twitterurl
OMFG O___O RT twitterusername /LE STARE AT THE GIF/ RT twitterusername Yunho had a boner during HFB or what twitterurl
'zura, are you going tonight?' i replied 'where too?An-Nahdhah?' he'errr no le..to steve aoki.' CONFIDENT PERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I draw when im unstable *^* it helps le forget things.. but i end up drawing really weird things e.o
Anthony ROBBINS : le Pouvoir du Focus culture - YouTube: For more video training please visit us at twitterurl Anthon...
Oma and Opa with their CNY cheesecake :D Xin Nian Kuai Le and Gong Xi Fa Cai.\
Ngeteh w/ le family!! Mummy, Tok ayah, effy, zarith, shawn, era, mai, syiran, qis, emir, Cik nana,?? twitterurl
"twitterusername Can't sleep till finish le homeworks. Wuuu got so many papers on LK."wuu gi syewaf syewaf! Lol
Hammy ouo le is not in the right state of mind ~ i will sound a tiny bit craji ouo
Must trim brows! Bring le bbg go swimming, buy mask and make up later! Must must must!
Le wild praying mantis appeared in my house. That's my mother's thumb comparing the size of the praying?? twitterurl
GUYS!! Guess who has econs test tmr morning and is left with one piece of foolscap paper? LE MOI!
I also hv been holding on for v long le, maybe letting go would be btr hah idk.
So much food I need to finish! Xin Nian Kuai Le! Gong Xi Fa Cai! #instagood #instafood #instamood?? twitterurl
tonight with le mocha frappe double chocolate & mcspicy and with my comfortable sofa let's watch Real Madrid vs Manchester United *.*
he never talk to me le :) RT "twitterusername Jadon can quote girls tweets cannot reply mine ha. Wjmk ba :)"
Football: Bayern see off Juventus to inch towards semi-finals: Bayern Munich have one foot in the Champions Le... twitterurl
le lol oh yeah gackt is old and K.will is pretty young.. i laughed on the word dongsaeng
I thought I saw twitterusername 's friend le spicy cookies guy at changi or is it someone else?
"twitterusername twitterusername hahas me so bhb i know u really miss who >< why no come lot le ??"
[News] World, region better positioned than before Asian financial crisis: PM Lee: Singapore Prime Minister Le... twitterurl
Bro's friend book out le lo~ Me and Cheryl looking forward to seeing his bald head haha.
Bringing le maid out for her interview at MOM, off for meeting anddddd twitterusername for lunch and shoot later!
Please cook Le Poisson (fish) ?? la caviar... "Huh simi poison!? You want me to poison you ah!? You siao eh!" \
AsiaClassifiedToday Apple versus Samsung passe': Smartphone rivals like LG, Sony gain on le... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Got speed but no stamina, Got stamina but slow, I can never have a balance of both le sigh...
Warm up on the official Singapore Night Race circuit then take to the freeway. Le Club Accorhotels exclusive... twitterurl
Suan le I anyhow do or dun do see ur suffer for the presentation ur dun even appreciate anyways
Do the roaring engines of fast cars get you excited? Le Club Accorhotels exclusive: twitterurl Driving... twitterurl
#Free #Kindle #5: Spectre of the Sword: Spectre of the Sword Kathryn Le Veque (Author) (28?? twitterurl
An awesome meal before the darling flies off! (@ Le Xuan Hong Kong Dim Sum w/ twitterusername twitterurl
What the hell, why so many virus H something N something one?? no more name for virus le ah? :O
Le me school bag is unusually light for such a loooooong day. Hmm not bad not bad.
ENOUGH! RT twitterusername twitterusername Haha I Don know le!.why so sudden?  I hate that ah neh twitterusername
Tak ngantuk langsung hari ni. Well, exam is near corner so i shld pick up all le subject.............
With le Kakak Oshka ! Sadly , I didn't take any pics with the rest of my girls .. Saddening . :( But I?? twitterurl
"twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername le jour ou tu me fera chier je vais tt l??cher comme wikileaks.Lol??? hahahahaha!" Like tmz.
The twitterusername Zoom Vapor Tour 9 LE "Wimbledon" wore by twitterusername was #banned for being too colourful?! twitterurl
It has been so long since I see rain!! But that means I can't go run le...
Lol sorry for late answers Im omw to expo now :) in le papa car. So continue asking plz :) twitterurl
#SuperKpop a fan asked VIXX's Ken to say Happy Birthday in Chinese.. "Sheng Ri Kuai Le" hehehe
Gotten le tickets to YOUTHphoria! Hoping to see twitterusername & twitterusername and  have a photo with them! twitterusername twitterurl
Feeding le bbg milk. Shall head for foot massage after this! 10 hours of work tml yo!
Mabok ah??twitterusername Oh hell yes le bestf's gonna work w me huat ah #maybebutstill #oyeah #dothe littlechikydance #idkwhatschiky #okenuf???
Apple Updates iMac: Apple today updated iMac to bring numerous high-performance enhancements to the world???s le... twitterurl
My go keyboard hang when I use Chinese fonts... weird. .didn't have prob with note 2 before le
Ber 'do......while' bagai. While reading le question i do thinking what to tweet. Hah? Tak lawak.
So I stayed at the Le Meridian hotel in Shanghai near People's Park and I was looking forward to?? twitterurl
Arrest over Dutch school gun threat: Dutch police have made an arrest following a mass shooting threat that le... twitterurl
Australia hacking 'leader' charged: Australian police say they have arrested and charged a "self-proclaimed le... twitterurl
??twitterusername Why today so many taiji. Got 3 le leh.??? BLOOP BLOOP~~ Bo Bian. Ppl love finding taiji.
Incomplete certificate.... but nvm, I'm kena accepted into NTU le, hoped this is the best for me..
all sleep alr:( RT twitterusername Go eat now le!! RT"twitterusername im so hungry now. malas leh to eat."
One dead after fresh Myanmar riots: police: Religious violence that saw mobs attack mosques and torch homes le... twitterurl
Iron Man 3 with twitterusername Xuan Hao, Merlin, Le En and Jing Herng :D (@ Shaw Theatres - twitterusername twitterurl
Is Facebook Really a Failure to Marketers?: Research firm Forrester recently penned a scathing le... twitterurl #cloud_hound
Le photogenic sister. CAN'T WAIT FOR HER TO GO FOR INTERVIEW THEN START WORK~!! :B #PrettyGirl #Family?? twitterurl
Got the mood to study le. But then abit too late la e.e left a few hours more.
My mom tot I take drugs le. fml sia. SHITS THAT MY SISTER GOT ME INTO twitterurl
Hope I can wake up earlier to play w le bbg tml morn before I prepare for work!
I think I'm the only guy booking in with assault bag now.. haha, too siao on le
First night over. Left 2 more nights to go. Now heading to meet le friend for breakfast. Too hungry! twitterurl
woah this concert damn long. Y. Y?????????? Zhang hui mei come out le. I want to sleep alrdy
Aiyoh water margin so many heroes die, I don't want see the last episode le man super sad
Jawbone just released a new fitness tracker. Jawbone UP 24 now comes with wireless sync via LE Bluetooth.
Off to watch catching fire with mummy and le bro hope I dun fall asleep during the movie
I realised I have been staying st home for more than 7 weekends le... talking about being alone..
I damn stress sia. came home see my dad doing soldering le. WOAH FML SIA. CAN THEY NOT.
Le mom and dad out for their 24th wedding anniversary dinner and I am at home.. #foreveralone
Tsk feel so dont-know-what-to-say for her le. Know she is being cheated but just tsk!
Best Restaurant in Taiwan - Le Mout in Taichung City. Lanshu Chen is also Female Chef of the Year #asias50best
Don't even know where I got the confidence to join this. HAHAHAHA. GG. twitterusername I collect le! twitterurl
Somemore i is got 4 not LE de leh.. Screw one also cannt fit in.. Why like tat.. Bully junior!
Le Wolf Gang conquer the Macpherson College Central's gym everyday. No one touches our bench, bars and dumbbells. twitterurl
After Subuh, I'll be joining le bestfriend and his family, morning walk at Henderson Bridge, from Bt Timah?!
Ok i noe why le aft reading ur tweets.sorry~ ??? Samsung give spare phone .. needs transfer all my thinga urghh twitterurl
I am not interested. Kisi ko BBM pin cahiye toh inka le lo -->  ??twitterusername twitterusername BBM 292A9A82???
I seriously wanna cry le... wanna cry out loud when I saw my posting for pro term...
omg they came all the way to her house omg im crying le sad me is sad
Take some medicine, recover fast! I love you ??? ??? Didn't take Meds but I am feeling better le thank you!! :-) twitterurl
<3 RT twitterusername  131220 Le Mans 24Hr Race - Siwon talking to staff, love his neat hairstyle and leather jacket ^^ twitterurl
Le Senza is fun and bright shop I don't see why they have to be so strict with hairstyles.
stop sia arsenal fans going all "stfu manu fans" pls leh....... u all always shit on us... our turn le
Gonna go home rest and sleep if not I really no need work tml le. Damn sick
*le me watching Youtube* and advertisements appears.... about to skip ad and Lee YEON HEE..... *watches the whole commercial* <3
Listen to Muara hati.. The only audio I recorded... Dia tarik masih le continue.. Aku tarik terus sesak nafas
A'isyah, sabar je kay? Haha still busy le. You go check your timetable and modules and what not first ah
[CNA] PM Lee hopes new MH370 info will bring more certainty, closure: Singapore's Prime Minister Le... twitterurl #singapore
Wah so late then dindin :p am having my milo before bed le. Wan an ^_^ ??? Nights! twitterurl
planning for kl trip w le parents. still dunno which hotel. you want 3 or 4 days twitterusername
Apple and Samsung take Australian legal battle to the "hot tub" - WTAQ: WBURApple and Samsung take Australian le... twitterurl
twitterusername apple 3mooman mesh beye3melo design le 7aga this low level 3'er yemken el retina display
NEWS US  : iPhone 5 mini dock USB cable photo leaked - SlashGear: SlashGeariPhone 5 mini dock USB cable photo le... twitterurl
Apple, Samsung patent trial nears end as tech giants prep closing arguments - CBS News: The Star-Le... twitterurl
Competitive landscape ahead of iPhone 5: Nokia shows off new Lumia phones #iphone #apple: Photo of Lumia 820 (le... twitterurl
#Technology #Geek The iPhone 5's Leaked Battery Is Bigger, Taller and Fits Perfectly Inside the Le... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
"So, iPhone 5. It is made entirely of glass and aluminum. It's designed and built to an exacting le??
Must treat myself 2 ong juicy hotdogs tomorrow before heading to work. Pleasure in le mouth & tummy.
Cos if 24hrs then ppl wont be gng home le "twitterusername Why can't smrt be 24 hours tsk so annoying."
In le school.... PE first period... What turns me off is that we're gonna have NETBALL for the whole year... -.-
I dont know why I look not cute as other when in le school. Urgghhh Y.Y poor me kan?
Like how le fuck you gonna give me some damn assignments but yet not even EXPLAIN WTF THE MATERIAL IS!
"twitterusername lovely cuzie twitterusername i got something to show you :) twitterurl hahaha thank you le  cuzie :3
Now I know which is the perfect side for me to get free internet connection here in le johor house
if i hav brought it here i might hav alrdy finish one of my mt's hmwrks le lorh. ==
??oh look at me, here I am squeezing myself in the pictures of Le Famouszx Singapore Gay???\
Photo: Untitled #1218 by girlinlondon featuring le labo ? liked on Polyvore Vanessa Bruno long sleeve blouse... twitterurl
Waaa miss nick, khidir, cheok meng, chris, ky, wl .. Haiya sean also.. When want go makan le.. Walao
Planning to watch midnight movies tonight with le cousins and trying to avoid from watching 'Wawa Semput' Hell nooo!
Nop. Some is guy. Pasal dh lame x ptg rambut. Tht explains le long hair. ??twitterusername Is all pontianaks female????
Omaigat,le=)) lol RT twitterusername Iqbaal, he is be a grandmother in story telling *hihihi he is beautiful :D* twitterurl
??twitterusername ME AND JIAJIA RIGHT RT twitterusername aww, le seniors is so cute&lt;3??? yeahhh! Hahah :3.
When im down and someone i care about asks me what happens.. i breakdown pmsl le tupid tears ~
Le sigh... Not in a good spirit but I don't wanna be all emo, so Vas Happenin' ?!
Udah ya van :D RT twitterusername Ling-ling., follback yah.. RT twitterusername Enjoy the movie " Le Petit Nicolas" :D"
Movie time w/ le siblings at TGV Cinemas (Wangsa Walk Mall, Lot 2-01, Wangsa Maju) on twitterusername twitterurl
Panda News: Odisha: Maoist leader involved in Italians abduction, shot dead - Daily Bhaskar: Odisha: Maoist le... twitterurl
Omg! Getting a phone convo with le multimillionnaire bigbig boss in abit! I'm a really blessed newbie. #thankfultobeablogger :D
Top grade chocolate from Japan hehe uncle bought it back for me LOL finished 1 box le ???? twitterurl
Well: Doctors and Their Online Reputation: The Internet is quickly becoming patients??? resource of choice to le... twitterurl
S'pore PM Lee urges US to boost trade agenda with ASEAN - The Star Online: San Francisco ChronicleS'pore PM Le... twitterurl
Stupid bus. Ruin my plan. Was planning to go eat lunch with mum before going for lesson. Now cannot le
W/ le doraemon ?? Finally a shot with this ass! ???#us #friends #colleages #sakae #sushi #ss #sakaesushi?? twitterurl
Hydrogen-electric powered GreenGT H2 pulls out of 24 Hours of Le Mans: Backers and developers of the hydrogen-... twitterurl
Twitter la where else RT twitterusername le sigh. where did this come from? RT twitterusername TABI's going into the army?
No sit-ups, crunches, leg raises and planking to do today. Good. I can le sleep early.
Heheh Goodnight amierrrrr le pretty woman in the world. Ihiks! :* "twitterusername genight pretty lil bracie cewahh haha"
The $80 dun need pay me back le . U want u send over to that si lang kia . (: twitterusername
AsiaClassifiedToday HTC Asia CEO Lennard Hoornik leaves company - CNET: CNETHTC Asia CEO Le... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Me w/ le friends at school . Asra & Zue . Celebrating teacher's day . I bet this year is the most best?? twitterurl
"twitterusername KAU SUKA LE TU PUKI "twitterusername twitterusername PUKI KAU IRI HATI"" jealous ppl everywhere fuck off
Guys, if you wanna print out your LE report tomorrow during OA, bring your own paper okay! :)
Guang liamg! Stop saying " You very chio in tat dress leh c:" alot of times. Hahaha i shy le xD
The only one still awake .. gnna flip thru those papers & im off to slp. Tmr 8am lssn le.
Le younger sister when she was just 14 . Wonder what was she thinking ! Checkout the double dot pottu?? twitterurl
Thanks ar #smrt you really do know how to screw lives... le sigh if only thiswas japan
Goodnight le (kinda) (hopefully) (hahahaha how is this night going to be good in a airconless place)
Wahpiang eh, STOP THE SAI PLEASE. Your Sai this much meh? You didn't shit for 1 year le hah?
...when le dear & I cried together. A whole new emotional level of attachment. Felt so deep only I could understand.
Keel all of them le mosquiteaus! RT twitterusername Joining in the fight against dengue by doing the #mozziewipeout. twitterurl
Heyyy fatass:D This is le first time im going on the ... ??? Heyy Hahahaha!! :D Yes I'm honoured :) Lol "Fatass"~ ... twitterurl
NEw record: drinking from 9pm till 2pm the next day. From lol > le nest > luxy. Goodnai world~
Shall bring one of the maid and le bbg out for a spin now before I prepare !
Brought back to remembering yesterday's convo with le dear, & the question he asked, brings a smile to my face.
The lady use the bag looks like LV new collection mary Le smth.  Or isit neverfull? Hmm
Mimi nihaoma, sheng ri kuai le ok, anw Happy Birthday pit! Have a blast,god bless&Happy Sweet 17th? twitterusername
Wanna cry after seeing all my friends go army... now only got a few bros left le...
Le charger is screwed up my phone is going to die it has been nice knowing y'all??
So much of wanting to go mac just now, but le wild kiddo needs me to give him tuition
Th Ong Siblings can take alcohol well. ^^ drink from bottle only. Very proud of myself and le?? twitterurl
Passed by Urban Vista. And they're now offering 3 bedroom apartments for like $1.15M. ( Pphhuuaahhh!! Le siao ah?!)
Bowen Secondary School student Ong Kai Le overcomes leukaemia to score at the O-Levels twitterurl twitterurl
How lucky am i to see a Rainbow in front of the Rainbow Bridge? ??? #rainbow #happy @ ???????? ????????????????????????? Le?? twitterurl
Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton shares memories of Nelson Mandela: Driver mourns over the death of iconic le... twitterurl
Tudor United SportsCar Championship sets GT Le Mans, GT Daytona lineups: Series to have 12 GTLM entries, 28 in... twitterurl
Repost from twitterusername ^^ so yeahhh always fun to hang out with le cci family^^ and us on our gears?? twitterurl
fast sia. RT twitterusername Who so bored go update le RT twitterusername Wikipedia damn fast ah #LittleIndiaRiot twitterurl
Stupid mosie! Kissed me more than 20 times! Even my armpit also bu fang guo. TAI GUO FEN LE!!
OMGGGGG YAYYYYY!!! A-PRINCE got weibo acct!!! ????????? But why they like create like since long ago le?! #okayimslow
How you train your muscles ? ??? I used to do push ups everyday ! But not anymore haha lazy le... twitterurl
They havent even debut == RT twitterusername Why mama 2011 don't have exo? If have I sure attend le :(
Now morning le Then ask what happen to me last night. Isnt it too late to care? Wff
[CNA] Newly-named State Courts to help offenders take charge of own rehab efforts: A court which le... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Im sick of this rashes and pimples all over my face :(" pakai produk sembarangan le tewww
Le friends. Still got others but didn't jio bcos we only met for 2hrs lol! #igsg #instasg #instapic?? twitterurl
I was doing my homework in the garden when le wild hailstorm suddenly appeared and totally destroyed my homework #neverdohomeworkexcuse
I carry le! RT twitterusername Who the hell still carry m)phosis transparent bag? Lol ah lians.
#Free #Kindle #6: Spectre of the Sword: Spectre of the Sword Kathryn Le Veque (Author) (28?? twitterurl
-is on the bus beside le mother trying to contain my sparkles and keep a straight face-
that guy too random and keep smiling at me. lol. dude you too handsome to me le.
Eh guys. ?????????????????????? is coming out on channel U. go watch le. do nice. The guy damn sweet la. fml.
ORD le haven't deleted some od those numbers that I will never get again. Ok gone you go!
Sunderland have signed French midfielder El-Hadji Ba, 20, from Le Havre on a three-year deal.
Forced le papacheong to get a family attire for the 3 of us! Hehehehe. So gonna force him to wear!
Thx Everyone For Your Wishes & Thx Andy Le Gavreel and Aloyson Tan for the wonderful treat :P
I notice I angry bit I vent awhile okay le hehe. So cannot take too serious when I angry.
Photo: Pac le Hip Hop ne t??? oublira jamais #tbt #2pac #tupac #hiphop #music #nofilter #bestoftheday... twitterurl
Senang-diri > National Day Rally 2013: RSAF Operational Master Plan expected to guide proposal to move Paya Le... twitterurl
fuck i love famous amos man. le best. ??? what's your fav? Mine's double choc chip w pecan twitterurl
Meeting le BFF for a dinner and movie date! I'm late! Sorry mat! I reaching soon k! It's sushi time!!
Another request from le Bonda(Queen). Kacang pool for dinner it issss. (Yes i know its ugly. FIRST?? twitterurl
PM Lee sends condolences over Nairobi mall attack: SINGAPORE - Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has written a le... twitterurl
.. << lol! wasnt expecting you to reply that BA. ??? But its okay BA. i replied le LOL. twitterurl
[Y!] Shorten training periods for NSmen: Yahoo Answers users on national service system: Cut the le... twitterurl #singapore
I dont feel like going to school le!!! Only 5 and a half hour if sleep!! Argh!!!
Rough morning but being able to see le dear before going off makes me a happy girl. Alhamdulillah.
OMG. The buggy car that Seungri was on went to CIP exit le!!! Thats really him! OMG OMG OMG
Mrt posters of showing kindness to people.. hello, put poster no use one cos too many races le.
Mummy and me on a chawamushi craze! Hahas! 3 consecutive day trying different recipe for it le!! Hahahah!
ISAF members attacked in Afghanistan: A man wearing an Afghan military uniform attacked members of the NATO-le... twitterurl
39.90 for a book for a sem is like damn waste $$??? $40 I can buy alot things le leh...: (
Shall watch cartoon w le bbg for a while, head out for brekkie and then back to ofc!
KJ insulting 1,400,000 civil servants twitterurl  #PemudaUmno voted 99% for arrogant oops sorry progressive leader kan telan le
My bro is going into op theatre le, and I'm still here half awake eating a donut #fail
AsiaClassifiedToday Tokyo Shares Lead Losses in Asia - Wall Street Journal: Tokyo Shares Le... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Then u working le? ??? no work. I lazy bum. I now working as temp as banquet twitterurl
[Y!FB] This letter, written on-board the doomed Titanic, has just been auctioned off in...: This le... twitterurl #singapore
wah akp enough le leh..... started to 'earlier today' (the ICYMI thing) then now start to 'earlier this week' also...
le proud. RT twitterusername starsky and his obsession with sic melons is a mystery to everyone here.
I also want chatime le..........u franchise-er out there dont want to open one in permas jaya issit??
Den last keep see after I put in le den he say KeYiYiGe YongBao mah I say no and laugh><.
Come on we two asking haha RT twitterusername Come on la bro. RT twitterusername Go tomorrow le twitterusername
Think, Singapore! > A plan to house 2m more people: Veteran architect proposes building up southern coastBy Le... twitterurl
Just finished watching jack the giant slayer movie with le boy! Thumbs up for that movie! Worth to watch ^^
Photo: ???Sexy??? & ???hot??? cant even define this *le melts badly* #sexy #hot #holy #define #justin #drew #bieber... twitterurl
Finished movie le boy, now heading to grandma house near by to meet parents & grandma for dinner! ^^
Myanmar's Suu Kyi defends protest-hit mine project: March 13, 2013 5:54 PMMONYWA (AFP) - Myanmar opposition le... twitterurl
AHHH i noe le I'm gonna bomb say I've cramps + headache + giddy + fever + flu so i cannot work HAHAHAH
Idw see you oops haha! RT twitterusername twitterusername come find me at amk hub ...heheh I end work le hehee
gah. west coast food centre closed. now brother driving here and there to buy me food. le sigh.
Gimme a stage B case please! Le sigh not alot of cases to familiarize myself with so far. ):
KNN, idw 10 go home lehs. Now what time le sia. DAMN EARLY. I wanna sing all day long.
oh awak draw ape?nak tgk le?confrm draw best2 ??? Hahaha atwitterurlJust check out my insta later kays? :) twitterurl
Was about to start on Econs but then le parents asked me to go swimming with youngest bro sigh
I do something & my mom wants to murder me ?? my brother does it y hasta le appluada . Ugh #middlechildsyndrome
engadget Apple reportedly price matching iPhone discounts from carriers and other retailers:   According to a le... twitterurl
Tweak : Turn to hangup, rejeter un appel en tournant l???iPhone face vers le bas. twitterurl #iphone
Samsung will reportedly sue Apple over LTE use on iPhone 5: South Korean electronics giant to take "immediate le... twitterurl
Yay! Got my golden ovaltine drink from Gongcha, thanks to le dear. Me happy happy. Saving it for later tonight. :))
Someone just tried to scan his ezlink w his whole bagpack . WAKE UP ALREADY LE MA WTF
Le dearest got me this, although I know where he got it from! twitterusername ???? #jaysfour #earpiece #wants twitterurl
Kaylin talking about how she misses her home & her being ray Charles to le bullshit is giving me Kae tease.
Le hall.... what a shame ?? RT twitterusername Vietnamese student charged with molesting girl at hostel toilet in NTU twitterurl
All black for LUNA SEA concert!~ yeah... I dun need to think so much of wat to wear le hahah!!~~
JRM Racing passing on full-season WEC effort, will concentrate on Le Mans: Honda Performance Development is fiel... twitterurl
At 2:08AM RT twitterusername zhe jiu shi wo men le~! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Ghetto is a noun RT "twitterusername You So Ghetto. lol RT twitterusername Le weekend needs to hurry UP."
But then, abang mirul suddenly cakap his bladder about to burst, so he went to le toilet
Hi still at ISH with le Nak Muays twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and the rest
And BYG has a freaking tumblr account. Hide yo fanfics, hide yo otps coz le BYG is here to stalk.
SO DAMN SWEET!!!!!! O M E G LE :-D me want this too k? #truestory #love #reblog #on #tumblr twitterurl
I want to do this exchange gifts thing every end of the month with le close friends ??
;~; le sobs every morning because of twitterusername sweetu morning spams ;~; <3 i wub chu bery the much
;~; hcu</3 le is broken (( odg what xD )) RT twitterusername twitterusername sorry I guess I bang you too hard D;
steals a sweet hahaha mama say cnt cos too late le..but stil drop into my mouth;P
Catching Le Noir at Sands Theatre tonight, show's starting in 30 mins time, can't wait! thank you?? twitterurl
Still on the bed chatting with le friend from Texas. Damn. She is mad at me for not bathing. xD
Interesting textured art from this Vietnamese artist Le Dac Trung who is holding his first leaf?? twitterurl
American Cooper MacNeil to driver Larbre Competition Corvette in Le Mans 24: American sports-car up-and-comer ... twitterurl
What is your most played song? ??? Yan lei xiao le,  xiang ni de ye & imagine me without you.... twitterurl
Lunch, then stocking up of groceries and heading to twitterusername to visit her parents with le bbg! ^^v
boosh, ergh, bleurgh, hohohohoho how do u run 42kmmmm... ??? Firstly you need to train by clock mileage weekly. Le... twitterurl
Love making brekkie and brewing drinks for le homies in the morning. And, am praying for SUNNY weather today!
Part 2 : Seaside Admiring. Right in front of UiTM Dungun with le new friends. #Loafing #friends?? twitterurl
Where is this two bro of mine hais hp mati ke tk le angkat call faiz and haffis
Supreme Court Judge Tan Lee Meng retires: July 05, 2013 10:58 AMExperienced Supreme Court Judge Justice Tan Le... twitterurl
all my feels........ 2NE1. even if i now run to their hotel in singapore also too late le
Last night family feast kfc dinner with le family! #Happy #moments #together #dinner #love #bonding #kfc. twitterurl
I wanna finish the meeting quick! So I can go home and spend time w le naughty girl!
Crazy night with le clique at beermarket once again! Thanks guys!Lova ya all! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername  twitterusername twitterusername
Watching horror movies w/ le cousins, I guess ill have a hard time for me to sleep tonight ??
alrighty i can use tt $200 angbao money tt i kept for ss5sg on other stuff le
Helping le ?????? to pack his luggage for our trip to bkk this coming Thursday. Can you freaking imagine?? twitterurl
FIA preserves 2014 Le Mans date, prevents New Jersey F1 conflict with US Open golf: Hurdles remain to locking ... twitterurl
Street soccer tmr with le boys. Gonna see my co class advisor play tmr, ex national footballer. Da sex
Shucks. Supposed to sleep. But end up Kerna drag by le papacheong to lavender and eat wanton noodle.
Was reading the comments on Glee renewal and most were really negative. Why!!?? I think the show is nice le
Aku nak honeymoon kat sini! RT twitterusername Ivy covered Le Moulin de l'Abbaye Hotel, Brantome, France twitterurl
Dining at 1 Market by Chef Wan on Mothers Day with le cousins & all the mums! Must treat mama
kameeeeeeeee!!!!! guess i'll NEVER have the chance to see him this close in my life. le sigh.
Is there any other methods of payment for ordering le... ??? 1) Cash deposit @ any POSB/DBS bank or machine. \
Bentley reveals Le Mans Limited Edition trim for Mulsanne and Continental: Short run celebrates brand's wins i... twitterurl
[TheVerge] How iconic Transformers toys go from concept to reality: The Transformers franchise may today be le... twitterurl
Visiting le Aunt's office, cause my cuzzie's working there now. And we decided to crash the place heh twitterurl
Woah ... Now Jack tatts also getting better , shading and design unique . Colour still need improve then good le
Main dam ular with le siblings and aku kalah. So right now this kids keep calling me "shuhada noob" -.-
Oh gosh!!! I can memorise all the sentences in Harry Potter movies le and I still feel like watching it...
First, I didn't expect le dear to get an imax tickets for Gravity. Therefore, we got one 3D glasses?? twitterurl
Dinner with le brother at the hawker centre. It's been a long time since we had an actual conversation :)
Pack for tomorrow so I won't rush. Eeep~ So excited to go back to school on le off day tomorrow ><
Looking at this Jolyn choo happily eating the doughnuts and also taking pictures of herself....shengjingbing le
shag le. I tot don't have to go school but I have to now to pass up my taiwan forms.................
Meet le hair sponsor, ProTrim @ JEM yo~ Going for a change in hair and style which i have never?? twitterurl
"twitterusername Morning Y'all. twitterurl Not sure when you have the likes of Aden Duale, Ol Le Cook, Commish Kimaiyo etc!
Just got a sketch from le brother, idealhussain. Thanks a lot. It's super duper awesome grafitti?? twitterurl
got people started queuing for running man le wtf lol and now im watching running man lmao
[TRE] Immoral for Govt not limiting talented foreigners: TRE reported an article written by Prof Le... twitterurl #singapore
Used to be my phone from Aug 2008 - Sep 2009, now it is used by le mother. #SonyEricsson #W890i twitterurl
Dont need slp le, Michelle suddenly call me and she coming over my house find me now! :D
[CNA] PM Lee congratulates newly-appointed Norwegian PM Erna Solberg: Singapore???s Prime Minister Le... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] PM Lee says Aung San Suu Kyi will be capable leader if elected: Singapore's Prime Minister Le... twitterurl #singapore
I have Econs paper tomorrow but le parents are asking me to go for a wedding with them :,) #whatisecons
Last stop.. Jalan Raya at my House with le former Drama peeps :D sheishan twitterusername , Izza and twitterusername twitterurl
May u rot in hell the in who used to be called le fav...maybu rot in hell :)
' I nak beli honey lemon tea dari youtube ' HAHAHAHAHA twitterusername -----> twitterusername twitterusername youtube da le beli air tau
French chef Alain Ducasse rejects the easy 'wow' at Le Meurice: PARIS (Reuters) - In "the prettiest dining roo... twitterurl
Cmne ini org le tag pic ak then da org ingt ak ad pape ngn mmt ni.. GRrrrrrrRrr
Happy wedding marcell (with Marcell, Osvaldo, and 2 others at Hotel Le Meridien, Sasono Mulyo Ballroom) ??? twitterurl
I wonder how am I supposed to bring back home tis.heheh nevertheless.thanks so much frm le #colleague twitterurl
Omggggg yay!!! A-PRINCE got weibo acct!!! ????????? But why they like create like very long le?! #okayimslow
4th day of pro term, I have changed a new spot to sleep already... bunk too many empty beds le
2 hours of meeting at Le Meridien Hotel equals RM 12 parking. I'm too broke for such places.
guys intro me one good show le. like ermmmmmmm... independence show or whatever OR I WATCH LORD OF THE RING?!!
CNY feast with fam, Xin Nian Kuai Le & Gong Xi Fa Cai to all my chinese frends! :) #ria89.7?? twitterurl
choose your top 6 3r3 girls ??? deborah, fazira, shauna, fitrah, liyun and i dont know le >< twitterurl
Admin wait skrang kt luar x le nk send email "twitterusername email us now!!! only selected #cliquers will be !! twitterurl
'Ir??a a casa de Justin Bieber y le patear??a el culo.' - Stone Cold Steve Austin.
Will go to the organisation so i decline and he go over to someone whom she just gives $50 le
AsiaClassifiedToday: Acer's Liquid Z5 Now Available in Asia and Parts of Europe; Takes a Le... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Okay I think I'm ready for le bio presentation tomorrow! I know everything about diabetes now. #Haolian #NoQueCards
Out w le ahbang, look how stupid she is HAHA. Kidding nah ! #loves #cute #moviedate #yayyyyy?? twitterurl
Brother Charley - darling brother , le favourite , part of my life , family , my other eye , my blood?? twitterurl
Study cum Lepak-ing session with Le classmates at Seletar Link watching Drag racing. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Overheard this bf telling his gf not to buy anymore le bc he can't carry so much. HAHAHA so funny.
Spending my last day of freedom before going for my National Service. Featuring le Chicken Cutlet :).?? twitterurl
Le Pelique menu of the day. Maggie w egg & asam pedas topped w bawang gorgs twitterusername twitterurl
Didnt get anything for myself. Bought present for le big sister instead. I hate the crowd. Going home now.
Well spend saturday with le closest friend of mine :). Had a great time spending with her on a?? twitterurl
Malam yang bertemankan Spicy chicken mcdeluxe with icecream oreo thanks to Le Sister for this present :* *baru d sayang*
All the rich mfs at le charity auction with their designer bags and luxury cars. I feel likka beggar lol
The boss exclaimed "Finally!" when he handed me the award on stage. Xing ku le Jianming! twitterurl
Reach early also not good have to wait for door open. Walao eh this weather maintain le! ~_~
Reach home don't even have enough time to change shirt. Eat le just go help parents wearing pe shirt, wth..
Thankful for le mama who sends me to the interchange on 9am class days. BOO 9am CLASSES!!!! twitterurl
Dont want chop finish le ??? Wah so fast...  I haven't start on chem sia... Burning midnight oil if POSSIBLE twitterurl
[Y!] Tuesday #sgroundup: Tan Chuan-jin and Lawrence Wong promoted to full ministers by 1 May: PM Le... twitterurl #singapore
Scissors cut with le buds before twitterusername goes army! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and peifeng ?? All th best bro!
One with vacuum and mopping the house. Workout soon and off to hq then reunion dinner with le squadmates!
United SportsCar Racing and Le Mans to continue sports-car relationship: The Automobile Club de land#8217;Oues... twitterurl
No I was in the living room lol with a Le friend. Minding my biz nih eez ! But okie dok ! ????
i'll just stick to le babyboys and stead with my phone and computer till the end of the world.
Le sigh, If the account is just another faker, I hope he/she dies while choking on a fish bone.
Tiring day but futsal was great. And glad I got to meet le sec sch mates well its been awhile
"twitterusername twitterusername wear cap. Army boy fav" wear cap too mainstream le leh! I dw to be mainstream! Hahaha!
realized i got not much long sleeves to wear anymore le :P HAHAHAH! too much t shirts :P
what time was yours ah!! what colour!!! RT twitterusername My band's performance was... idk omfg le spazz
Video - Porsche relives 24 Hours of Le Mans history: Classic 917 footage includes the legendary Pink Pig: Pors... twitterurl
My Final Version no more of this song le, hahaha hopefully you all will like it twitterurl
waiting to go for a dinner with the family to celebrate le aunt's birthday. Still have not eaten all day.
this group is talented, they deserved more popularity." <-- i see these all so often on ZE:A videos :')  /le sob/
#throwback once upon a time, masa kecik kecik dulu. hehe' xD Taging along with le cousin, ema_ismail20?? twitterurl
Ferguson a magician, says Hodgson: England manager Roy Hodgson says Sir Alex Ferguson is "a magician" after le... twitterurl
so stoney at the end cos my right wisdom tooth or gum like swallowed. after drinking coke, now okie le =_=
SPA equals 2 hours of slacking time.... zzz.... why I got GP? If not I run home at 1330 le...
Wanna get drunk tonight just to keep my minds off things for awhile. Too bad no money le.
Video shows Audi R18 'long tail' e-tron quattro's blistering Monza run: 205 mph flyby previews Le Mans perform... twitterurl
PM Lee says polytechnics a jewel in Singapore's educational system - Channel News Asia: Channel News AsiaPM Le... twitterurl
My chipmunk is moreeee cutier than the new chipmunk that I got yesterday at le funfair. twitterurl
So.... le family decided to extend their stay at kl which means i'm gonna be home alone for another day.
Always having the I miss you conversation with le cousin :( A's end faster pls then I can move to KL
Finally done w a whole day of meeting. Off for dinner w mommy/didi and le bbg now!
PUAHAHAHAHAHAHA RT twitterusername "Case in point: that giyongchy cap..a one off creation with French luxury brand givenchy.." LE WHAT!!?
most embarrassing moment? ??? embarassing moment eh? idk le. too tired till i fall asleep in the bus and dreaming ... twitterurl
IOS 7 found bug. Orang ada password kat lockscreen pun aku le access it to your photo gallery hahaha!
Brother spamming all the avicii songs,  and im talkong to annoying little pest le megz hahaha love nites like this
Dear handsome, pls end your dinner quickly. I wanna go home and rest le!!!! Sincerely, your fan???
& he was at home just telling the person that he want to change the plan. funni le lor.
Faith, politics clash over Muslim-run women's gym in France: LE RAINCY, France (Reuters) - A pink and orange a... twitterurl
While Ole Le Cook was playing David  Blaine with Kenyans, Walter Barasa was "mbise" bribing his way to The Hague....\
Omg i saw the accident and the body is really like smash. Flesh of the body is everywhere le :((
Arghh !! Havent help anisah print photo and mindmap not done too !! Arghhh!!! Cannt go recess tomorrow le..
Cause of CNY, got make-up lesson. Wowlao! teacher never give chance one le. This is bullshxt!
i will wear better cloth. next time. when am out with le friends. cloth that cover aurat to the fullest
oh yes im getting FV's new single too LOL. but the SuG's best of is bloody expensive le dies.
Klaus Graf posts quickest time in Sebring testing: The 2013 American Le Mans Series Winter Test at twitterurl
??twitterusername contemplating whether to sell away my she's back japan LE version :/??? what omg who's photocard never tell me asdfghjk
Hey, twitterusername where is the cambodian steamboat you talking about? I want to try...... I search le, cannot find
Actor Patrick Dempsey returning to Le Mans: Actor/racer Patrick Dempsey, star of the TV series "Grey's Anatomy" ... twitterurl
Some rare positive news on human rights from Vietnam - jailed dissident lawyer Le Cong Dinh released: twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername nah, he waiting for you le twitterurl whole day he waiting for me on my bed yarhz ;p
Du zi zhang da le.. ?? #pork #chashu #wipebook #teabook #teatree #bacon #baken #eightwilling #chineseahsia #fats #fadeshi #giveouttaxi
Flashback of me & le nephew at universal studios,last year. His face is epic kierenjpillay #Flashback?? twitterurl
[News] Football: LionsXII snatch late 1-0 victory against champions Kelantan: SINGAPORE: The Malaysia Super Le... twitterurl
Totally died for sci and maths.. shit la... really need study le.. tmr bring back all the books to study.
Samsung Has Clearly Not Been Copying Apple In This Parody Video: Conan O'Brien lampoons the Samsung vs. Apple le... twitterurl
Apple in talks with Comcast to carry live broadcasts on streaming device - The Star-Le  #apple #news
twitterusername o.o I'm not the kind of person built for running. Especially long distance. =\\ le sigh. I'll try though. :)
Sweeping Apple win, but Samsung could come back stronger: The reversal could actually help Samsung cement its le... twitterurl
#Technology #Geek Apple Wants Samsung's Galazy S III Off the Market: Following their $1 billion le... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
Watching the movie on iPad, you are the apple of my eye, forget the title le. Something like that de.
Photo: Nothing worth posting so here???s le nails filer. #nails #file #mani #manicure #stick #rough twitterurl
I think I got something wrong leh. I eat a little bit full already. Normally eat finish then full le.
We have a meet in 10 days tho :/ ..... like may le Lord be with me through this. Amen.
Climate change to profoundly affect the Midwest in coming decades: In the coming decades, climate change will le... twitterurl
Hello ~me here with Kakak Liya, Kak Ita, Abang Zul and all le my family here. Together.........
enough polishing boots , now its time to polish my new pillion bar. Thanks twitterusername for le pillion bar <3 twitterurl
"twitterusername Zzz start of the year u all have bgr le. I'm impressed..." wut ew. Sec 1s. #Seriously
Today wushu training was awesome coz I'm too fierce le!!! I think I scare every kids :P
Le me iz bored. Bring me to New York. ?? #teen #teenage #swag #awesome #girl #bored #love #newyork #drivem7 twitterurl
I just watched le Acapella Juniors singing the song Be Our Guest. Not bad *Lee Kuan Yew face*
Cancel melaka and here we go,keyyell. Cuaca yg sangat panas but happy. Spending a quality time with le?? twitterurl
Laughing with Shi Le and Zac just now in the morning cause of a stupid video hahahaha
Patrick Long to join Patrick Dempsey and Dempsey/Del Piero Racing for Le Mans: Dempsey/Del Piero Racing announ... twitterurl
Well done, Sundram: May 31, 2013 12:20 AMTHE astounding achievements of the LionsXII in the Malaysian Super Le... twitterurl
Going home le!!! Finally going back to Malaysia to see my maternal grandparents after about half a year!!!!! :)
Ok.. need to plan for the worst le.. this year is gonna be a rough wave to ride..
Shall hurry bath, remove make up and play w le bbg before I start my revision again!
I dont know what's his name but he is doing gangnam style in le video #TheWanted #WalksLikeRihanna
"twitterusername twitterusername HAHA. Faster, we'll chase them back together." You chase them yourself. Wo hen lei liao le
The street's so deserted. *Le sighs* but this is still better than being back at home XD twitterurl
Panda News: Posey, Panda continue to lead in NL balloting - twitterurl Posey, Panda continue to le... twitterurl
According to the LE tingy.. Aoi = Owl, Reita = Wolf, Ruki = Tiger, Kai = Yak and Uruha = Eagle.. End of report.. #JustSaying
Recapping Corvette Racing's American Le Mans Series Season: Tommy Milner's Autoweek blog: Ahead of the new Tud... twitterurl
$40 El Gato Smart Key lets your iPhone track your keys, baggage and car via Bluetooth LE
German investor sentiment hits 4-year high: Investment sentiment in Germany rose in November to its highest le... twitterurl
[BT] Rules speak louder than persuasion for S'pore companies: November 27, 2013 2:48 PMRules and le... twitterurl #singapore
[BT] Rules speak louder than persuasion for S'pore companies: November 27, 2013 5:12 PMRULES and le... twitterurl #singapore
Literally spent the first few hours working and generally having a good time. Time to sleep, le?? twitterurl
Who are you close with? ??? lately with twitterusername , twitterusername and le bros. Not forgeting twitterusername and ... twitterurl
for sure same class with you le >< RT twitterusername Got into combined humanities(History) and Combined sci(phy/chem)
Told you she was my othet half. Swimming with le girls. ??? A solo picture of Pamela cause she's the?? twitterurl
Haha ever thought of changing course? Haha thanks! Ti... ??? Hahaha nop cos idw waste time le! Haha Jiayou camping... twitterurl
??twitterusername Six honoured as inspiring teachers of the English language #Singapore ft. Mrs Anne Le?? twitterurl via twitterusername
Today is the first time I'm going to gym this month... can really feel myself being very unfit le...
Le me chillin at emergency staircase, then suddenly a wild pull me under appears, \\m/ abang gaul.
Facial and then Thai Express with le mum. Its quite a nice experience pampering yourself once in awhile. :D
Photo: Ce soir je te place dans le plus grand calme #vans #addict #djtitai #shoes #me #i #jj #bestoftheday... twitterurl
Don't feel like going out for dinner with le family. But then again, I need to get my charger.
Just got pay and realise how much I have to pay for le insurance and bill. Sigh. ):
17 going on 7 lol "twitterusername My bdae 1 more week  coming le.. so fast.. going 17 year old"
[TRE] PAP???s Hard Truth that productivity goes with wages not going to help stagnant wages: Uncle Le... twitterurl #singapore
seeing le-yi's pictures on Instagram makes me wish that I was somewhere far far away too
Tired.. First time i wake up early for SW.. Le sighs.. Otw to school! Happy Forever Alone Day!!
Damn freaking sian and sleepy!!!! Really hate duties... if not I'll have lunch outside and reached home le....
Itu Xin Nian Kuai Le RT twitterusername Seratus buat queen ! RT twitterusername Di baca Gong Xi Fa Cai RT twitterusername ???????????? !
Being paranoid in my own house ever since my dear mother decided to share with me le story.
[CNA] New prosecution witness takes stand as CHC leaders' trial resumes: The trial involving six le... twitterurl #singapore
A.J. Foyt Racing adds Le Mans star Martin Plowman to Indianapolis 500 lineup: Plowman will also drive for Foyt... twitterurl
Endomondo fitness tracker app updated ??? Bluetooth LE support and more:  Popular fitness tracking app Endomondo is ...  [AndroidAuthority]
League One: Rotherham United 0 Bradford City 0: Rotherham United's remote hopes of automatic promotion from Le... twitterurl
It's been a long time since i've made a cover with le bandmates. Ws group dah senyap. Hahaha!!
woah bx like more handsome le with his new hairstyle. Almost couldn't recognise only recognise his ah beng walking style.
Just now someone tell me, next year your age start with digit 2 le hor? Sigh, I feel so old. If only I can be younger. ??
i just got home and now im off to meet twitterusername and practice then we are off to class TvT orz tiring day (??^??) le no gusta
I wish I can tag along. Send my regards RT "twitterusername I wanna go teh tarik. Meet le cousin, but my sister isn't home yet. Faster la!"
If we dun do anyt, then we no power le, ppl will soon take advantage bit by bit, nxt time activity is reli only those interested then do
Xin Nian Kuai Le, Xing Ni Ju Yi, Gong Xi Fa Cai, Gong Hey Fat Choy! Sending all my wishes to all my rich Chinese friends! Hihi ????????
Really got to thanks twitterusername der friends who help me buy chinchilla stuff ! "Shi Min" ^^ Did I spell wrongly ? Your friend very good le !!!
Last time me very naive haha, i tot there have two cny in a year. Like feb over le dec will have cny too hahahaha. Silly me
I am glad to see le Cong Dinh released, today. I was the IBA trial observer in 2010. It was raining when I stood... twitterurl
Wei Lyana is not married #js RT twitterusername And suddenly all the married girls want my cupcakes hahaha where are all le single ladies lah
Saw 2 of my wushu juniors still with their OG even though its so late at night le... they got lion dance performance tomorrow sia...
Gong Xi Fa Cai.. Xin Nian Kuai Le, Wan Shi Ru Yi..  woming pai woyo the sora ai Happy Lunar New Year 2013  (????`?) twitterurl
During CNY, tv shows are boring -_- CNY already so bored, want watch tv to find entertainment, watch le feel like sleeping. God!! =|
Honestly, rindu nak Tweet macam dulu. Tweet wtv in le mind and rindu nak friends dulu.... Ya Allah, Can i rewind it back? T...T
My day will end up with lots of fun and laughter whenever I'm with le crews. Fun to be with idiots sometimes.
"twitterusername So I got a text from le bestmate twitterusername hehehe i think i make ur day xx have fun hustling at work.
already not in the mood and you ask me to do push up bc I didn't bring my PE tshirt lol le wu siao bo???????
Poor le boy's dad have to send me home first, because my Idiot boyfriend go wake him up and send me home. ><
The shoes I got yesterday coz my shoes failed on me, but le bf paid for it haizzz. Thank you?? twitterurl
Walao eh u just 'K' me in our convo! Wat does tis shows man? U dw talk to me le is it. ??????
"twitterusername I SHIP #GRUVIA ? my gosh, juvia you've got le sexy body there with gray nyahehe twitterurl Hot Hot! Theyre hot!
Le Bourlinger: "The reason is,  you cannot create jobs on a scale that will lift millions out of poverty by following this route".
Jnation really too free le RT twitterusername !!!!! RT JnationEnt: Calling all L.O.?.E! Something for you soon! Are you ready? Stay tune soon!
Dropped by Caesers at PS yesterday with le dear and I told him, "How about a sword as hantaran?" ...tsk tsk!
I next week holiday le wat... u wan do anything sui bian lah just let me finish my this few days de plan can anot?!?!
Rly happy to hear things like "weather is nice", "weather is great", "goodbye winter" by those in KR... Bcoz i just can't with le coldness.
Was at bugis arcade with le boy and his friend, bf found a phone at there. Was thinking will he take, Ended up he return to the counter.
Collecting my bursary tomorrow morning. In the afternoon, soccer with le mates. Then at night, soccer again, but at street maybe.
??twitterusername Why do I attract bugs? Would be better if I can attract girls or something haha.??? Le cousin has spoken ??
Hi Yihui, i am your junior and i have been noticing you for quite sometime le... ??? Kenneth Tan Chiao Wee enough ah! twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername wahlao u so tall le still want how tall sia" 178 not tall lo, I wan 180 at least :(
Should have take private! Passed our FTT evaluation le but have to finish our 3 lesson in order for PDL. One lesson $20 leh!!!!
I want try to go batam for massage le. Everyone like say good good good. Rated 5 give 5 stars sia
Anybody wana go le noir this Friday??? Pls help me out. If I don't get 10 ppl then I'm not working Agahahah
I wan a LastLong r/s asho hard. always after a 1+ jiu break le. This time is not I wanted to de. /:
Aston Martin Racing giving fans a chance to design livery for Le Mans entry, win trip to race: At the opening ... twitterurl
Wah. Change your type of coffee le ah? Hahaha! :) RT twitterusername I wan a gf with full sleeve tattoo.. major turnon!!
happy birthday to you merry christmas happy deepavali hari raya gong xi fa cai happy chinese new year sheng ri kuai le huat ah !
In ear ear phone for iphone for watching movie: My Monster turbine finally give way le :(.  Any butties gotch an... twitterurl
ZDNet FBI denies it was responsible for Apple ID leak: The FBI is claiming that it has nothing to do with the le... twitterurl
Anonymous did not get Apple IDs from FBI, Blue Toad CEO says: CEO of small publishing company admits the data le... twitterurl
I feel like jail breaking my phone like what I did to my iPod but I forgot how to jailbreak le.????
Now almost like everyday see him sia. Zzzzzz. Whatever larh. I dont care too anyways le. This is fate, not something of my choice uh.
Common topic for now: "The bride who got turned down at the aisle ". Juicy, I know. But keep me outta this. (Kam siah le)
RICKY KITA LE MAAR NINTAU (^O^)?RT twitterusername Ricky sapa? RT twitterusername Ricky RT twitterusername twitterusername ohh wkwkk blh2 ronn, mar sapa
Finally rmb to put lotion on my body... Everyday seating under the aircon is really nt gd for the skin.. :( must moisture my skin le..
Oh? doggy needs her money back. That's sad. Give present le still expect money back. Who will trust u sia? next time gv anything also scared
So fast 21 Jan le?? Why time keep flying? Dec 2012 seems like yesterday only and new year celebration seems like hours ago...
How the hell do i go to Le Danz? At any one time got 2 classes. At the bar and at the ballroom. Wtf.
Wanao afternoon nid stayback bcos got course den straight go home when end le, den jiu go help Liao till now.No time to do hw sia.Tired edi.
Im beyond pissed. How le flying fuck is this teacher suppose to think i can do like a weeks worth of assignments but not teach ANY of it!?
Just got my Limited Edt. VIP card,more hot shoes to come tnx LE!!! @ The Shoppes At Marina Bay Sands twitterurl
Le matahay taking care of me through this really bad fever. I have to go home soon and I d @ Serangoon Ave 2 twitterurl
Abang also want food le): RT twitterusername Whatever, getting meals for my family before heading home. What a gd girl today.
my left hand is holding a sejarah notebook while my right hand is scrolling le timeline. see how bored i am.
My money got lost somewhere in the ATM and ocbc for 3 days already. Called them and they are trying to find reason. Le sigh!
Then dont shoot her le luh.. same goes to everyone ??? I never shoot her! :P I disturb her only! :D I'm very curio... twitterurl
Physics lesson cannot sit behind le. Easily distracted. Either beside or infront, but most likely infront cos I think she dw sit beside
We were standing at the side of the pathway (on the grass) waiting for le' brother. We stood on the grass so as to not block the route.
Le sad. Someone called me out on my bad grammar in a comment, but failed to provide examples. How can I fix it then?
This guy sitting in front of me in le bus, the face mcm mix zahiril adzim and aeril zafrael. Good mixture. What a fusion.
Sialar my birthday cup cracked sial! Walau do you know how long I kept that cup since 2009 ok 2009 first gift ever from le clique
I'm feeling like shit, with a headache pulsating through my entire skull and I still get forced to go to Seoul Garden for dinner~ le sigh??
Lunch today wasn't my favourite (mee siam) but le dear sat me down & make me eat. Still, I didn't finish it & ended up hungry awhile later.
this guy la gan pua annoying. "twitterusername Simi taiji bb need my help? RT twitterusername Kua tio le limpei sibei gaowei la nb."
Honestly, i dont feel like going back tp Singapore ): i want to continue staying in Cambodia with le awesome classmates and buddies!
New favorite mode of transport in bkk: le bus. The know how: just keep asking random ppl on the street what buses to take. xD twitterusername
Marcus just called me from camp. Hahaha!! He keep mumbling le. XD so we planned to watch movies with others on 15 june.
1739192, hello lurb lurb!! No more dance training so we seem to drift also le. :( remember last time when we ... twitterurl
Blue skies draw many outdoors: Many basked in the sun on Saturday as PSI dramatically plunged to its lowest le... twitterurl
why you not come with your friends tday le? RT twitterusername Is there any time for me to see at least two movies within th
I wonder what time he ends work tomorrow?? If he finishes slightly later than AGM then I can go see him after supper with le pedos :3
Le papacheong just called and teased saying either I go for foot massage, shopping or facial; like a taitai. Kns. I worked hard also ok! Lol
Anyhow listen to one side story le n scold ppl. Elderly so wad. Elderly jiu can anyhow bomb no nid to respect da youngest de meh. Fking.fml.
Just finish packing up items for rout march . Dang . Before gg to the float tomorrow , there's a rout march at 6am . Le hais .
Porsche signs Neel Jani for LMP1 Le Mans racing program: Ex-Champ Car driver will pilot all-new Porsche protot... twitterurl
Away back to campus with le companions. I haven't took my rest yet. Training by 9 and will be away to gemia. And hiking for tomorrow. Shit.
Going home with ease today because le dear already made me smile this morning. Thinking about it still makes me smile. ???
Sometimes I still think of the things you promised me before but aiyah suan le, you will not come back again.
Treat boyfriend like one shit jiu suan le. Still go ask.fm ask yourself question. Say own friend slut. You got face one anot ah?
can post le pic alr? :) ??? Can stop asking abt it? What is it so special abt my socks. U nv see socks before? twitterurl
Hahas. I gt the ppl giv me a lift de ?? sia XD abit thick skin bt i dun care le LOL.
the way u dress up,make up,ur bag,n le ckp u ank dato uhh,jgn la nmpk sgt menipu ok,I'm not dat stupid biatch
I JUST HAD TO. Le uncle took out his "fanatic's guide to sex" and started reading it intently on the train lolol twitterurl
Le sigh, 90s is still the best. If I can give up my handphone and internet to go back to those times, I would.
Yours the other day so won't be that long bah for the... ??? I go le I no time wait for interview cos I meeting fr... twitterurl
What a long day today. Went back ofc in the morn/noon. Back home to feed le bbg her dinner, and went out for groceries shopping at night.
Saw u at SPOH training. I think you are seriously so gorgeous. W... ??? No la I am not lo pls...... Cos too boring le twitterurl
new decree from le father: any one who publicly proclaims him or herself to be a Liverpool fan is banned from our household from here on
Babe you are 18 already, pls change your bio :) ??? I'M SORRY. I will change it cos long time no use this le hahaha twitterurl
S: joon if rooster lay an egg on the roof. One side is 45 dgree and other side 55 dgree. Which one will fall first? *le me thinking*
Girls said I am a bastard because she a girl and expect me to give her more $ for her phone I was like ... business is business le
woah cb le. my mom like to act poor. she go buy a sofa 3k to 2k plus. everytime tell me no money ask me support myself SIGH.
Ferrari says it could build LMP1 Le Mans car using new turbocharged F1 engine: No official word on when the It... twitterurl
Ssh.. Le stomach don't be noisy, It's time for us to sleep okay not eating.. So stop complaining and growling.. I shoulda bought you a clock
Dk leh still looking so asking ppl wan join anot haha ??? haha okiee you found le then ask me baa ;) twitterurl
It's like the only RE VER I have besides Beautiful Days. And oh ya Troublemaker that I got both RE &LE OTL
Is it possible if you guys plan in jan or something? ... ??? Cause January poly start school le.... :((( dk it's s... twitterurl
It was a hell lot of fun, karaoke session with le family. Took my mind off of a lot of things and just?? twitterurl
Un bon earl grey en ??coutant le vinyl Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) avant de dormir: best way to end the day
Haha!! u know le Hor!!? ??? I walked past and I still Dk. I'm super blur in the morningg. I'm sorry. HAHAHAHAH. JU... twitterurl
Watch some of the Le Mans 24 Hours in super slow motion: 24 hours of not long enough for you? Watch some of th... twitterurl
Nope is confirm le for me. I came for school for only... ??? Wah siao. Why u like that... Still need to go school ... twitterurl
Lol le church friend taking Os this year, complaining that his results suck and stuff. His L1R5 for prelims, 16-18. Mine, 26 for L1R4.
I have ask him not to chat with you le and he say okay ;))) ??? You don't know anything so just go away.. twitterurl
Well guys, I think le account has been unprivate for long enough, mayb fav it and i'll still reply! Good day :* ~
Ok then i shall watch carrie! I think if you know who i am you won't friend me le sia ??? why you say that twitterurl
How can a parent tell if their baby is excessively sleepy? Check out what Dr Lee Le Ye from NUH Singapore advises... twitterurl
Audi unveils R18 e-tron quattro World Endurance Championship car on streets of Le Mans: Car will race with one... twitterurl
My distribution plan changed, so I don't think I'll have a ginger cookie to munch on until I get home. Le sigh
Like the way you say, when the older one quarrels with the younger one. The younger one have no respect. Smlj. Like that don need quarrel le
why makes this 16 year old girl think that it's okay to call her daughter "le bitch"? so rude i'd smack her
Anyway my old flat enblock le. Supposedly to tear dow... ??? So busy always do hse chores hahaha. Okok. Thts near ... twitterurl
Go far far far away from home and hv my own privacy with le parent @ Pangkor Bay View Beach Resort twitterurl
Yup Non-stop also watched le. Knew it would be awesome after watching Taken 1... ??? Yea the actor is good hahahahah! twitterurl
??twitterusername It look like i just ended my job as a hooker??? *le gasps dramatically* how long has this been going on OAO
My hair all black root come out till like 1/4 of my head le. below all like laosai brown sia LOL
Dream with le funny people! I think I had more fun at Mac rather than partying in the club with them.?? twitterurl
Go struggle le kude.  RT twitterusername I'm struggling to see how Chiefs will win both the league and cup when Wits is standing in their way.
Nonono....i tmr morning slp well brain well eat some g... ??? Me nth leh... Tmr no biscuit In class le .. NVr top up. twitterurl
That was one my favourite cartoons evaaaa. Reminiscing those times where i'll watch it w le mother and getting sad when the show ends
Awww~ RT twitterusername twitterusername hahaha!!! Seem all jhyun wifey getting minhyuk cover for LE.. #notsoloyal ~ me still loyal to Yonghwa (^^)v
Looking back: Ford GT40 returns to 1967 24 Hours of Le Mans, claims second win: Ford team on a roll: Dan Gurne... twitterurl
le hair is half natural curl & half rebornded,urgh please grow faster so i can chop of my rebornded hair and back to natural hais?
"twitterusername Going to KL today. Shopping mopping bfr le sch start tmrw. Lolol yayeahh!!" Tung ar kaan heheh. Don't forget my present :3 hee
Reading gf's answer in ask.fm like reading haters mail sia!:) then gf will be all "he's perfect!" And stuff!:) gf is being le best gf!:*
me too ????????? RT twitterusername is promise gonna perform again during july in seoul????? but i cant go le that time???? TTTTTTTTTTTT
and i read shia le beouf is really gg to have sex in his upcoming movie "nymphomaniac"? like woah! this i haf to see!
Walao Ehh Cb lah. I say don't off the switch liao den go out jiu go out lah off for wad, now ph 90% only le larh! Knn.
Myanmar's Suu Kyi vows to bring new blood to party: March 09, 2013 9:57 PMYANGON, (AP) - Myanmar opposition le... twitterurl
Wearing singlet down.. so long nvr wear le thanks to this ugly tattoo.. hope I sweat and have fun washing car..
My grandpa asked my mom why she's always kissing & hugging my brothers & always hitting me. She said "Le gusta la vida mala" ??
Dun smoke so much la.. see now I really regret le my stamima drop so much..  RT twitterusername Lack of cigg. But so lazy to go downstair buy.
It's already a quarter pass 1 in le morning. Someone spam my phone or whatsoever tmr so that I can wake up and meet this crazy pig haha.
??twitterusername twitterusername just return me the film money can le hor don???t need talk so much.??? Is you buy for me de, why should i care? :)
How come I cannot install iOS5 onto the boy boy's iPhone 3 ah? >.< It says 4.2 is the most recent iOS le. =(
Fresh iPhone Apps for Aug. 6: SeeMail update, Bitless, The Infinity Project 2: SeeMail is today???s le... twitterurl #Tech #News
Brevets Kodak : Apple, Google et Samsung main dans la main #samsung: Le Wall Street Journal a r??v??l?? une informa... twitterurl
New Photos and Video of 'iPhone 5' Front Panel Show Minimal Height Increase Over iPhone 4S: The flood of part le... twitterurl
Saigo is mabby aint it ouo i will not get trolled. i see you following all le accs ouo saigo. mabby or hammy ;~;
Watching the movie on iPad, you are the apple of my eye, forget the title le. Should be something lime that.
??ok lor :/ whole grp i only know sae n mariyannu tbh LOL RT twitterusername twitterusername watching le leh lol my oshi haruna oshi leh
I hate to tweet this again and again but i miss plkn teluk sari and of course the sound of ombak :'( and also le friends T.T
Me no in le most *shimmies away* RT twitterusername Chris lowkey been looking for a reason to shoot most of you."
[YH!SG-FB] PM Lee has joined the speakers on stage at the PAP rally. He is expected to make...: PM Le... twitterurl #singapore
[YH!SG-FB] PM Lee: WP's Lee Li Lian also shows success of our systems. She took N levels an...: PM Le... twitterurl #singapore
V.less use the word '' sia '' le. Bcos sia the meaning is like '' leh''. So now I keep use leh instead of sia. xP.
I dw to be lightbulb pls. im out. RT twitterusername hopefully during cny can go sunway lagoon fr a mini getaway w twitterusername & le boy ??
??twitterusername twitterusername yup it's on the news bt seriously pity them le like its nt their fault???ikr ... They are young ;(
Shit!!! This last project is deadly sia!! The other 4 projects only got 2 to 6 pages but this last project got 13 pages, fun le...
Oh yay. Just pat le bbg to sleep. Time to prepare lunch/dinner for the maid again! *ok, I sound more like the maid -.-"*
le ships please just get married already but wait did i just hear my heart shattered into pieces but i love you
Oh yes.. I forgot. If you wanna listen Sae and Mariyanu sing Doraemon. Please go dig for Yu Le Bai Fen Bai. 1/30 lol..
My stomach not doing good the past one week. It's my third toilet run for the day and now I sakit perut again. Le sigh.
Crowds grow at gun shows: Gun shows across the country are packed due to the debate over proposed gun control le... twitterurl
Christopha just needs to pace himself. Take his time & when le times right then he should promo his ass off for it. Do it right this time.
Now can spend my weekdays nights better le!!! Hahaha!!! For a moment I thought I need to work this shit job until I enlist but NO!!!!
Got bubble tea hoping it would make me happier u guess it's not working been hurt too many times by you le my fav treats no longer work: /
And it is suppose to start on Friday. Coz of lesson, I need to postpone training to Friday. Le sigh. I AM SO EXCITED
Gotta work at ward 29 tomorrow. Le sigh. Waste my saturday. But nvm imma hit the gym once im done with work. Something productive.
Happy Chinese New Year to all my chinese friends and also the others, enjoy the holidays. Have a nice day. Xin nian kuai le!! ????
Mothercb. Keep saying about my primary school friends, I now still in primary school meh! Sorry ah. People in sec school le leh. Pajiao sibo
Le Acapella juniors! Sorry if my conducting sucks, it's my first! But you guys made it easier for me to?? twitterurl
I UPSKIRT you alot of times le, black and white panty... ??? HAHAHAHAHA first I don't wear skirts second I don't o... twitterurl
Tml waking up at 7 again! For lesson, back home to quickly prepare and bring le bbg for swim, and work again at night!
Shall turn in now! Meeting at 1030 tml and I'm gonna take care of le bbg myself tonight. All the best to me! Lolol
Just pray for the best that one month later, when I go online check, it's not gonna be PES D can le! *crosses fingers*
dont pr??tend le . we all knowing u copy her. me n fri... ??? Bitch. Burn in hell. I don't live to please you and y... twitterurl
??twitterusername #10 hi dear! Long time no see you le. How are you lately? Let's meet and handout soon okay? ^^ <3??? yes please!! <3 hehee
Hahaha. You tall enough le.  RT twitterusername Doing stretching cause my mate told me it could help me grow taller abit=)
Good to help seniors amid rising health-care costs: August 20, 2013 4:16 AMIT IS timely that Prime Minister Le... twitterurl
Wan happen to see Tattoo on fb ,make me wanna do but think I finish everything le don't wan do liao so pain haha
your fav idol sleeping very soundly le twitterusername it's your good opportunity to see him like that. see my previous tweet
Hot and humid: Introducing Bikram yoga: Flamingos may find it relaxing, but for most of us, standing on one le... twitterurl
Sibei shoik ah!! Book out lo!! Today voc training le then sleep dao 12.30 go eat lunch. Work 1 n a half hr only book out.. #shoik
On this day in 2008: Claude Le Roy announced that he was resigning as Ghana Black Stars manager at the end of May 2008.
Thought I wanted to stay up a little longer last night & wait for le dear to end work. But I ended up sleeping by midnight. Damn. Plan fail.
Dempsey Del Piero Racing and the all-American way to Le Mans: Patrick Dempsey, Patrick Long, Joe Foster had lo... twitterurl
Loic Duval lifts Audi to top of charts at Le Mans Test Day: Audi again proves to be the team to beat in France... twitterurl
#12 hello my crazy senior! how's life? so long no see le, getting prettier n prettier :b we should talk more often!!
Just a note, to pronounce Vietnamese names, is not the way you'd pronounce them as they are spelt! Tran Le Xuan is pronou. "Chan Ler Suan"
Will you change back to your old self if your date le... ??? Nope. like I said, I quit partying bcos I wanna spend... twitterurl
MT twitterusername Brother of Vietnam dissident Le Quoc Quan: "I'm not sure I'll go to trial tmw because many police are outside my house"
What's your idea of a great night out with le bf? ??? Anything spontaneous is awesome. I can tell you what's a chi... twitterurl
wa liao not fun la!! know le! !! zzzz Hui min ??? I knew it was you lorh all along-.- I pretend not to know only n... twitterurl
Wth u r very irritating le bitch...  u didn't see the letter no I take? U even overwrite my vo letter and put urs... wtf r u blind?
Le platonic love pissed off heh sebab ter reject call dia masuk voicemail and he sent me text "aku nak bunuh operator tu"
Hahaha, it's just an interview only but I'm acting as though I have gotten a course in the local university le... I'm crazy...
To all my friends enlisting tomorrow: good luck and have fun!!!! Don't wayang!!! Just be helpful and make friends!!! It'll be POP soon le!!
Tb: *told an incident involving le crush* me: hais takde chance ah ni? :'( Tb: takpe takde chance skrg tapy ade chance nanty!!
Arguing w le hubs just because not flushing after shitting.its not my fault the toilet is not fully functioning.Damn u make me embarrased
People talkin about politics and bout tomorrow. But there's still le stupido tweets bout love gf bf bla bla bla. Always.
Like what twitterusername , need to korek loads & loads of wires from le classmates. Dun worry bro. Inshaallah i can get those wires. :)
And before I started watching Hannibal I couldn't remember his name so I just call him Le Chiffre which was his name in Casino Royale.
SRT Viper GTS-R returns to 24 Hours of Le Mans: Rules have changed, but SRT says it's ready: SRT is heading ba... twitterurl
Me too =D satays long time nvr eat le T_T at least tonite eaten another cr... ??? Good lor hahaha. Not really. ...... twitterurl
Heyy Nizar, I had a crush on you but I don't dare to tell you face to fa... ??? Le who are you. Awww that's cute. (': twitterurl
woah cb. this Jeremy nv give up asking night market at Philippines le. WALAO. I acc him from up and down.
Extremely tired, need to wake up early, but can't freaking fall asleep cause le brain is thinking about one million things. Crap.
Sigh... to my gf butterene who jio me out to drink ... im at hm drinking le... tml is gt work de.. :(?? twitterurl
really don't like it when there is a test on my day. really Zzzz le. see alrdy like damn cb sia. can postpone or not.
I think in the future,the only greens you can see are vegetables,traffic light,Army training ground and of course,Le Soldiers.
Aww fish still rmbr sia! Thx! "twitterusername twitterusername HAPPY BIRTHDAY weeeee sorry for the late wish hehehe :) Lao le ah someone :P"
It's been mainly music from Jake Bugg, Cate Le Bon and Rose Elinor Dougall this past few days. Less on bands but more on solo artist now.
You are wayy too beautiful le! Stop saying you are no... ??? I am not really really really sobs T.T it's contacts ... twitterurl
Feels like shit 2day bc i'm too tired. Guess, i overwork myself but HAHAHA to le girls ws convos. Hilang penatku XD twitterurl
End of Le Debut 2013. Had a great experience standing on the stage and sing for the first time! Really?? twitterurl
Was suppose to sleep at 12.30am but I ended up watching tv and accompanying le bro to cook his maggie. Oh shitttt
Le bf brought me to eat the famous sengkee kembangan meesua today but I didnt instagram any pic cos my mind was fully occupied with work.
HA HA HA in the end, le new colleague nvr even turn up for work. She is helping to up my anti lvl.
hahahahas. sorry, no see physical album out no talk. got cheated too many times le.... unless jae starts toking about it....
My buddy is spending precious time in Taiwan sleeping only sia.... sleep for so long le... I only slept for 4 to 5 hours nia...
Chilling with le kuro.. She was chilling beneath a car till she saw me and ran to me.. Hahahaha! Afternn nap time twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername eh what bastards is we going to meet an Indian bitch" OI what indian bitch cb le u
Havent even finish reading 50 shades of grey and le colleague suggested to download another e book. Which is already in my phone library
Had a nice long talk with le cous, haha, can't believe we actually talked now since it has always been awks for us.
orh next time try add u nor =( now only can lidat talk to you le lo.. ??? Hao la your fb name? Lolol twitterurl
Been stoning the whole time during lunch. So glad that le colleagues decide to be lazy with me today too. Can't wait to end work
Done le yay. Now you can ask me for advice any time haha! Mr A(dvice) ??? seriously HAha who r u man twitterurl
This evening we'll be at Le divan du monde in Paris to attend Park Jung Min's french stop of his "Reverso tour" in Europe!
Gong Xi Fa Cai.. Xin Nian Kuai Le.. Wan Shi Ru Yi.. Best wishes to all for the lunar new year from?? twitterurl
So apparently it's twitterusername birthday!! HAHA SEE YOU SOON LEH WALAO HOW LONG NEVER MEET UP LE. RITZ AGAIN ONE DAY LEH HAHA
why makes this 16 year old girl think that it's okay to call her daughter "le bitch"? so rude i'd smack her twitterurl
??I want to break free??? - Marshmallow, the cat king of escape breaks free! (Chamallow, le chat roi de l'??vasion) twitterurl
Here is super hot twitterusername on fan also no use le. Wish it will rain here now. Plants and trees a... ??? Here v cold hahaha twitterurl
No worries. Btw i not partying on sat le. Wanted to but not in the mood anymore. You enjoy! :) RT twitterusername twitterusername eh take care ah bro!
SRT Vipers will not race at 24 Hours of Le Mans: Team will continue racing in Tudor United SportsCar Champions... twitterurl
I no friends :( so sad. 5 more days bro. RT twitterusername twitterusername haiya. Call your friends la. Arbo pass class 3 le come work valet .
Asking . Do your have a crush? (: ??? I have. But issit after I tell you le den he's mine? LOL why are you asking ... twitterurl
First impression: A bit scary, got the blur look, hurhur.... ??? Rumors that im nice hahaha!  Now not scared le ma (: twitterurl
Is so sad that the moment i ended my shift at 6pm le boy starting his shift soon. how sad is that. :(
Idk la hse no food one if got goodie by 1 day 6 people chop fini... ??? Me nothing le... Left one small pack of sweet twitterurl
"No WIFE, you know what is WIFE? Work and life. You don't appreciate Le Fong English, never mind, I speak Queen's English."\
Do the iPhone 5 leaks make the launch less exciting?CNETTodd, I must admit it seems that there have been more le... twitterurl
This isnt good *^* i should distract le mind. odg i need to draw or jam with one of my instruments. this isnt good ._.
We lost 5-4... But it's a gd match... We manage to get so much againts s2 team is considered not bad le...
Skipping school to celebrate my birthday w le fam, but I think my mom actually forget that i'm still schooling. Hmm.
2 fat fishes at home died 2days ago cs got no electricity so no bubble to pump in le pond *sad *moment of silence :( twitterurl
Le bitch was super urgent in th middle of th night until my mum had to bring her down to pee, haha!
Lapo aq,y ma qmu tok iku kngen e,# ciee ciee "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername yo ma qt br2 ta le.. qt kn smua best friend"
Insta gambo candid twitpemes ekal dan caca plish wkwkwk RT twitterusername Haip haipp dont cry RT twitterusername Untung le double date. Hewhew
EXCLUSIVE: Claude Le Roy has quit his post as Congo DR manager just 2 days before his first match at the African Cup of Nations.
my middle school years, i was le love doctor RT twitterusername #Pisces are your local neighborhood cupids, always hooking people up.
Riri's first line in Kindaichi: zhe wei ke ren, qing wen fa shen le she me shi?  twitterusername your Mandarin so cute!!
No nonsense type of guy. If I made a mistake, it's my mistake. Le dear is never going to go soft on me and sugarcoat things.
[YH!SG-FB] PM Lee: BE is about choosing the right person, with the heart and abilities to s...: PM Le... twitterurl #singapore
Ferdinard: Why do you look so sad? Marianne: Because you speak to me in words and I look at you with feelings. Quotes:Pierrot le Fou (1965)
now I regretted choosing engineering. All guys le, wts, but this is what I want, but can I drag my imaginary friend in?
Waiting for the rain to calm down a lil bit. If not I'll be playing in the rain with le girlfriend.
Time to snooze! Tmr is goin to be a looong dayyyyy! ... since i forked out money for the specs...i got no ?????? for le shoe!grr.
I am glad that le Cong Dinh has been released, yesterday. I was the IBA trial observer for his trial in 2010. It... twitterurl
Hehehe, girlfriend and I too you yuan le, bumped onto each other in town and even when we came back to lot, we saw each other again!
??twitterusername twitterusername Why.? Too many boys confess arh.???? LOL R U KIDDING MEEE? Le me forever alone la. You want me not? HAHAHH????
Parents come back le den I go watch, and I saw the room open, the sis sitting at the wheel chair face scary. Den I shout ! ??.
Can't wait for pancake buffet and Le Gourmet dinner with classmates after our first paper and my last paper cos I got one additional module.
Mum said to me serve you right for eating too many unhealthy food. Till le boyfriend make me run for few rounds. For the past 3 days.
"twitterusername Waaa the traffic jam at cck is super bad" I know right.I from cck take 67 35mins le still haven reach ite
Ohno..... I need to sleep now... I'm meeting le dearest tmr at 3 and I'm not even asleep yet :( sure die tmr :/ twitterusername goodnight .
#TRIVIA Claude Le Roy has always had his team qualifying from the group stages in the 6 editions in which he has attended the ACN as coach
Claude Le Roy's record of not exiting the ACN at the group stages with any team at 6 editions is about to be broken. 3 minutes remaining...
Got bubble tea hoping it would make me happier i  guess it's not working been hurt too many times by you le my fav treats no longer work: /
And the gap is gonna be permanent cos the retainers doesn't help to close the gap omg someone stab me now pleaseeee SHA LE WO BA T.T
Its not mine,its my wife's jordan 5 fire red...i think i want to get some of this kick...tnx alot LE... twitterurl
i nearly doze off whole watching ted. i can't help myself im too sleepy bit there's beautiful creatures at Midnight with fam fam le sigh
Me: Eh where you want to eat? Friend: Anywhere lah... Me: Ok Mac can? Friend: Duwan lah I yesterday eat le... Me: You said anywhere... -.-"
Epic moment with one of le workmates when one of the girls moaned while carrying the idk turning thing yg bulat tu HAHA
#Manga #Comic #Book The Evolved Packet System (EPS) The LTE and SAE Evolution of 3G UMTS By (author) Pierre Le... twitterurl
And it was nice to see Sean, my primary school mate in my office this morning. He's a 2SG le.. Woots...
hahahaha mao why u so cute! So old le still so cute ?nvm we same situation i always thot i 157 but end up 156 lololol
Sneak peek at Le Noir, an acrobatic act opening in S'pore. Catch the full story on The Big Picture, Sun 10pm twitterurl
Why's my hair so nice on the days i don't want it to be nice? ?? Le sigh.. #me #asian #camwhore #girl twitterurl
Dinner time with le family at Fiske Steakhouse (No. K4, Medan Selera AU2, Jalan AU 2C/6, Taman Desa Keramat) twitterurl
Grand-Am and American Le Mans merge: Autoweek TV: Also in this episode: BMW has three vehicles set to debut in... twitterurl
If manager doesn't call me by 4pm I'm not going for work le... Later still don't have my slot there then I go for what?!
When I was 17, I used to work and school my ass off just for pocket money. Life seems so easy nowadays. Le sigh.
Le Bourrlinger: "while selling them stuff that will never make Africa rich (bananas, bauxite, diamond, etc.) is not sustainable" 2/2
CCB!!!!!!! My this month phone bill so bloody expensive because of my fucking LTE, make me overuse 2GB data! 2GB is almost $30 le!! FML. ??
Walan oi. Heart pain leh.... Paying my bills for 3ths, insurance dk how many mths, no allowance for almost 2-3mths le ):
AND AND AND got hug scene with a guy not le bf twitterusername :O MUST SUPPORT HOR. Poor me, so much sacrifice for #cnos2 twitterusername LOL. :p
Thank you so much. ?? RT twitterusername Le girl got too drunk & I got to carry her ass back home. Haha love her silliness ??
HAHAHAH CHEY. Omg you are funny. It is true that he i... ??? Walao forgot my name le? I'm not funny :( HAHA go sta... twitterurl
joelle "they say this week" me "this week hen long leh!!!" joelle "short lorh. thurs end le" then it struck me...YAH ONLY UNTIL THURS. liars
"twitterusername #ToMyFuturePartner stay short, cute and chubby always. I want to hug and cuddle you in the future :3"cari duit,nikah dulu le
Told my mum that new water came from the shit then clean alot of time then she don't dare drink le HAHA
Eh, someone also buy for me ysl ring le, I also want my dream come true sia. My sister got hers sia.?? twitterurl
Why Is ItsJustFir Keep Mentioning Your Name As Le' Lo... ??? Ouh. Im not sure. All i know that we're friends. Now,... twitterurl
Banned myself to dun use comp for this whole week n concentrate but its only the first day n I bth le.
POOR US UNNIES! RT twitterusername i gave the eonnies a hard time back then.even disappearing for a month?or was it more?le sigh poor guy Daesung
[TheVerge] Congress received 13 briefings in past four years on digital surveillance: Moving to minimize damage from the NSA PRISM le...
Ohmydeargod i almost forgot sob ;; Happy Birthday le fav saengiee ((even though youre older then me)) youre ze best saengie??? twitterusername
Since you already think it that way at the start den we don need talk so much le, just fuck off!
Happy birthday le senior twitterusername wuuu abam hotzzz naik motor haha :D may Allah bless you always :) sincerely, your former junior ;B
Aim to age gracefully, and don't fear the inevitable: June 01, 2013 12:20 AMTHERE are two factors that have le... twitterurl
My stomach damn pain for 2 days le!!! Can't vomit anything out and can't shit anything out.... is this how girls feel every month?
Officially addicted to Jee Le Zara from the Hindi film Talaash.On replay on replay on replay on replay on replay on replay on replay laa!
Jom??twitterusername For my honeymoon (in the future), I plan to backpack with le husband. It shall reveal the true colors inside both of us.???
OMG, can't believe I'm gonna be visiting Le Cordon Bleu Dusit Culinary School :))) Gonna be the best part of my Bangkok trip for sure.
What in the world. Le baby handphone decided to jam on me upon me receiving THE funny news. Tengs uh tengs.
[TheVerge] CBS CEO Moonves says he could take network cable-only in 'a few days' if Aereo prevails: CBS CEO Le... twitterurl
exam till 950. brekkie w le class followed by lunch 30 mins after. lunch treat by wendy. then went shopping at raffles city~
Usually both of my kakak treat us for a family dinner & etc. Inshaallah it'll be my turn to treat with le family :)
Afghan Troops Hold Their Ground at High Cost: Afghans pay in blood, losing an estimated 300 a month to take le... twitterurl
Obviously Oh Young loves Oh Soo but she cant accept the fact that Oh Soo lied to Oh Young abt everything. Le sigh
??twitterusername twitterusername haha dont post on keek can le:) okie^^??? heehee no i didnt post it. I upload on Youtube. OKAY JK. Bye :)
Im in le car half awake on my way to sent little devil to school since she missed her school bus.
Super super tired. But need to stay awake for another hour to feed le bbg her med. I can do it! ??????
I will always with you when you guys in a big trouble. Insyaallah. This is my oath to you guys le besties ?
I'm still waiting for Le Fag Hag's HIV Story, twitterusername once she returns from France, please scribble O$P$ on her door for me. muack.
Time to change maids again. One or two is both a headache. TMD. Think I'll just stick with one since le bbg is gg school already.
Go see when's the date then I see my school timetablee... ??? Errrrr 30th!!! YOU HOW LONG NEVER SEE ME LE YOU TELL ME twitterurl
2014 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution GSR: Race Organizer Review: In which we bring the new Evo to a 24 Hours of Le... twitterurl
I will always love you and take care of you alright. ?????? I wont anyhow scold you and give you attitude anyhow le alright! LOVE twitterusername
Samsung Building Phone With Wrap-Around Display, Report Says: Samsung recently released the Galaxy Round, which curves in from the le...
[TheVerge] Apple paid its lawyers over $60 million to beat Samsung in court: The damages retrial for last year's Apple vs. Samsung le...
Now we just have to stay calm and wait for further news but I guess I need to be careful when I go near Bugis area le hmm
Attorney-General not in the clear yet, PKR to take graft allegations to HK twitterurl sudah le..lets do nation building instead!
This few days so sian... all navigation... everyday need to prepare so many things.... now I'm have ran out of clean uniforms to wear le...
I really don't care about pcb le. I just find it retarded to the test tml cause the teacher don't even know what to answer for my question
Let's grab a popcorn and enjoy the drama among le morons . And smile and laugh and dont give a fuck for those stupidity . Kuangkuang
Le Mans to include new LMP3 racing class in 2015: New class will replace LMPC and will feature capped costs to... twitterurl
Movie date with le bro  tmr and a "date" with the docs on mon off day will be gone just like that
But anyway I don't disturb you Le:) You go do your wo... ??? im fine haha you are not disturbing me at all i have ... twitterurl
I got to mingle with le eyecandy frm citibank today, what luck! So cute, so smart n his skin is caramel brown BAHAHA but not malay la sigh
Annoying. You think ur child's voice very cute is it let her sing until the whole cabin can hear. T_____T nan ting si le
Think my temper getting better le ,one guy during work throw attitude on me but I don't even beat him hehe ^^v
Yeah a dick styling a dick on a dick's head. Seems le... ??? Talk to my hand fucker. I bet your father don't have ... twitterurl
I really hate it when I wanna watch my drama but I can't.... damn sian... I watched so many episodes le then now I need to stop...
Nebermind. I'll just eat Laksa at Mr Teh Tarik, then grab my gym stuff and go JW gym later. Le sigh
*le me holding my cellphone in my left hand and while keeping my keys* Me: G! WHERE'S MY PHONE!? Oh, in my hand. #fb #awkward
You only live once bg, haha folback ah lok cerite e ni haha RT twitterusername Ap YOLO tu le'? RT gabrielgumantar: #YOLO ye ndak bg? Hah
LOL RT twitterusername think i no need to watch rm after the subs come out le, doreen like live sharing everything abt sica now LOL
Later going for mothers' day celebration for ahma and a movie date with le boyf. So put make up lah?? twitterurl
dont care those bitches kayy ? ???dogs gonna bark??? hehe... ??? Watermellonn! My phone gonna be take away le. I can s... twitterurl
The Cartier Le Andy Lau, a watch that when you wear already, you will not age. In fact, you will actually become younger. #BBBMTL
[TheVerge] Lavabit vs. the FBI: the fight for the soul of American software: Ladar Levison is having a rough summer. It???s a little le...
Just because i want your LE tshirt, i wrote every single thing of your talk in my tab. Include the?? twitterurl
Panda News: Five to be Inducted into Lee Academy Hall of Fame - Bangor Daily News: Five to be Inducted into Le... twitterurl
NOPE YIMLEE RT twitterusername twitterusername green tea without any sugar ??? I was like 'I thought joanna got sweet tooth, now no more le meh'
kerja fot next week br le jmp RT twitterusername Eeeaaaa...kmn him mu momo dahlia_nemo: two weeks not see him, very miss you my him :("
Seriously have no idea what i'm wearing at all. Especially with the fact that i'm going to meet le cousin in town.
All hail le SEUNGLISH!!!! RT twitterusername Seungri:'sorry my english is terrible. But i can singing, i can dancing for u guys' STRONG BABY!!!
I'm still laughing at that letter purporting to have come the Country's office requesting all hotel contribute to Ole Le Cook's homecoming
I doubt my sis is gonna miss me la fuck. she said she is happy cause she will use this opportunity to wear my clothes. CB LE.
Ordered Zi Char delivery from Yi Jia Le Seafood, the driver need to stop by the Esso...and someone stole our order. #unbelievable
Joke of e day wen le indian colleague ask wat is chicken breast translation in malay, another indian colleague quickly say 'ayam tetek!'HAHA
I have my own reasons for being bitchy towards you & now you dissatisfied with me. Let's say it's like you're dissatisfied with le mirror.
Dallas buyers club, Blue Valentine, 12 years a Slave, paperboy, American bluff, the place beyond the pines, le Hobbit... Que de bons films
Walao I still blur blur and tired. My colleague came in and scare me. Now I am totally awake le LOL
Sat want meet? I'm free in the morning/afternoon! night Maybe I'm having "tuition" and Friday not clubbing le twitterusername twitterusername
Just now got one AhMa almost fall to the back on the bus den I wanted to pull her back but her fren AhMa pull her back le.
Woke up at around 8 thinking I was late for work. Then I remember it's my off. Then le dear texted me so I kept him company.
Huahhh .. Song sii le, da lwt .. Btw,congrats cuy RT twitterusername Ho se liaw ser.. Wkwk.. Thanks2 RT twitterusername Good Luck twitterusername ..
Fried chicken skin? So cool RT twitterusername woooo gg golden mile to get my fried chicken skin & beef kwayteow w le boy ??
Haha wts  RT twitterusername If you dun wan zoey to appear out of nowhere and touch go put net there, then cannot touch le :D
"twitterusername twitterusername OMG U THIS PIG. I REN BU ZHU LE. FUCK U MAN HAHAHA. OKAY FEEL SO SHIOK NOW." OMG! Mandy wanna fuck me ??
Get over with my weekends at wedding for work, and tgen use that instant cash to buy myself a new computer table for le imac.
Hving my break now so i can look at all of u. Hing. Mubank later cant watch le. Hv to wait after work.. then watch tonight repeat.
We liddat quarrel at last asho ok one. Now dw take my ph le horh. Ask me go find boy, u go first loh. Lol.
spendin next Wed to Fri at Bottle Tree Park facilitating a camp. But for tomorrow, i'm just gg thr as a civilian eating at le restaurant.
Change name to this suan le cos I like stupid draw so big and dunno how to use the whole paper omg twitterurl
Chelsea 2-0 West Ham: Frank Lampard scores his 200th goal for Chelsea who move up to third place in Premier Le... twitterurl
"The number of likes you get on instagram does not define your beauty." so do prefer post le pitc with hopeless any like ~~~~~~
The stupid moment when you make a typo mistake which looks like as if you dont know how to spell the word. Le sigh.
The only thing on my mind now is to sing k despite the 15 mock papers & 2 textbooks sitting in front of me. Le sighhhhhh.
What is the traditional meal in your country? ??? i don't know. my country multi racial sia. chicken rice? nasi le... twitterurl
30 minutes into my sleep last night, I had a bad dream. Thank God le dear was still awake. Got somebody to quickly tell to.
Le sister used more than 100 gems I've collected in Temple Run. The best part is that she didn't even break any of my records. GENIUS!!
twitterusername D: . I just got my iPhone nia .. don't know if I should ! Hmmm . I also forgot how to jailbreak le . too many versions .
iPhone 5 or the new iPod nano? But le current iPhone 4S still in good condition. Aiyooooo I want both luh??
Conversation over one missing punctuation. - Colleague: HR yao da ni pigu ah..why got error in report? Me: Da da da...wo mei you pigu le ah~
e.o uhm its weird how an rp agency found le pa and just uwah *^* uhm this is my pa so yeah ~ wait i saw transgender pmsl xD
Been trying to get that follow. It all started in 2011 & le journey continues on "Fuck yo feelings Jay, I no love you" staring Robbie.
Torres jare,seng pst y drogba iku "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername sorry le.. torres mau mudik dlu y.. see u next match"
Hav nt been posting at twitter for a while le... Hav nt been posting on Instagram cos of my pimple!! Hahahaha!! And I don't care about fb!!
i say idk le rite. told u is another. u dun believe me then dun ask me lah. as simple as a piece of shyt pls
i left a voicemail too, pls listen to it HAHAHAHA kekek sia RT twitterusername Woke up and saw 19 missed calls by le douche twitterusername
Dont even ask who took le fucking picture. We all know it was Chris third leg, shit has a mind of it's own.
You ever wanna do something but everybody and they mama are doing le same shit so you choose not to do it?
oh wait, Jonghyun & Yonghwa didnt even seem to perspire.. in Singapore's weather, u wear those thick knits, within 5 min u start to sweat le
Cold replies..The way u talk or reply asho diff even goodnights asho. Nah~ dk wad happened to u..Feel like asking wad happen but idw ask le.
It's just Now or Never~~~ RT twitterusername Dear Fnc, I din buy fnc mag..to save money..but y u release LE re:blue now???
First time Kor lend me his hotspot and now his ph wid me. They behind the lorry sitting. Lol. His batt become 76% le. Mine 75%.
omg RT twitterusername The stadium is illuminated with a sea of white lights for A-Mei's 'Diao Le'. Lovely ain't it? twitterurl
sy nk DL vdio kn... pastu download manager internet sy x le nk download... dia sruh register.. pastu yg x pham tu liesen RT twitterusername Ta
Aaron Yan sign my album, he talk to me "are you studying? Must Jiayou orh? Xing ku ni le." , shake my hand a twitterurl
Have got loads of stuff to do tonight, I just realized. Le sigh. Can't wait for "Testday" to be over tomorrow.
Tired day. Sigh, tomorrow late day. Means going home late. Some more remedials start le. Study tudy udy dy y yolo LOL
Will be seeing le bandmates this sat...in pure awkwardness fer the whole day..ahahha and if i may add, im still gonna be blind.
Working everyday le, like I do full time alrdy lol, joking ah.. Hope I don't do on thursday :-) but I will... ... twitterurl
Beyonce is having a world tour!!! I hope she will come to Singapore coz she left Singapore out for her previous 2 world tours le :(
SERIOUSLY MY DAD . Nw " why dec and cny u nvr askfr dye hair ah , i say can dye long ago le whut "\
ZE:A's New Year msg on Weibo~ Hyungsik hiding at the back & Taeheon's "Xin Nian Kuai Le!!" at the end! twitterurl #MoonLeaderDay
????! Xin nian kuai le! Wan shi lu yi. Gong Xi Fa Cai!! to all my Chinese friends, and acquaintances. Enjoy your holidays!! God bless.
What is this. I dream hop uh? Everytime go to ppl dream and appear. Hahaha. Too many times appear at ppl dream le.
Happy chinese new year. Xin Nian Kuai Le, Gong Xi Fa Cai, Shen Ti Jian Kang, Wan She Ru Yi. HUAT AH! (?)
On this day in 2007: Claude Le Roy lost his first game as Ghana manager (0-1 loss) in an international friendly against Brazil in Sweden.
watched the last ep to see who wuji choose. luckily he chose minmin. if not im not gonna watch le. hahahaha.
Don't wanna be kiasu also cannot. Next available slot to visit le bbg's preschool(the one that I'm interested) will be 11th may. Wtfffff
Happy Birthday bro ! I wished you ytd alr I wish you agn today . Haha . One year older le , hurry up find a gf then make family ah ! ??????
Reminds me of the dinner I had with le dear at Fish & Co. and the resident band was playing it while we were having a serious conversation.
Waking up early to bring le bbg to the clinic tml then head for interview and work at Tekung again! Packed with activities & I'm loving it!
Hehe change of plannnn! Shall go home, bring le bbg to visit granny, and head for facial at tpy. Hehehe when I wan smth, I want smth. :x
either you have dementia or you have split personalities -... ??? Really meh? Some of my friend got heard one le. Lol twitterurl
Now that I'm halfway through uni.. Sort of anyway. I can't simply take mods however way le. Need to check all the requirements.. Tsk..
#8 hi! First time met you was at ruiqi bday party. Still quite blur who you were at first but now know le. Be cheerful always!
After 8 Hours of CIP at Fernvale with le CCA Go-Kart mates, hard work paid off with a Saturday Lunch.?? twitterurl
waiting for le sis to help me tt $$ and finish her shopping at gem then we can feast n do house work together at home lol
My SCDF Fieldpack is the only backpack with lotsa compartment. Hais. Makin besar bag, makin byk aku humban brg le jawab nyer....
Im sowwy but i only approve of one mj rp-er. my hubby number 240086190 twitterusername pfft i kidd xDD you number in le heartu ouo
Hyped for this weekend! F&F 6 tomorrow with twitterusername Sentosa on saturday with my 5N guys and spending my entire sunday with le usuals.
Bij pls, say it, you miss me RT twitterusername And I really miss that screaming like hall in the karaoke room with le gegirls
"twitterusername ??twitterusername Saw cong le at poolside all??? kena scold all :'(" haahahahahahah walk all the way to u for a hi all :')
Scandal kitty some is imba. Scandal Plaster with scandal logo metal casing LOL. If I'm in Japan no.need go watson buy plaster le
Lol what do ya feel when you talk pictures with Le Gr... ??? hahaha insecure gile they all very pretty but they do... twitterurl
Sorry. Phone no batt shut down le. Another time we go tgt.  RT twitterusername An we are back to his friend pub! Lol
Serious le matter RT twitterusername Lmao! RT twitterusername If my friends love me, they wud never let me find out what being thick feels like...
Saw two of le npap instructors when they came to our school but they want off so fast why never say hiiii? :/
Praying that the school bookshop has stock for vanguard sheet, DnT need to do modelling, and i plan to do it this friday. Popular 2 ex le.
I'm so looking forward to meet the guys tomorrow. Going back SLSS for testimonial! Because last week failed to get it. Too late le!!
Conclusion: this woman is freaking dirty.. Dun shampoo hair jiu suan le.. Still go watson touch up ur makeup! Wtf! Dirty max!
Very long never wear this to sleep alrdy. Lol. Today just wanna sleep shiok shiok after a bad day. Le?? twitterurl
Alright, I've blown and dried my hairs. Gonna head down to SGH ltr to claim the bronchitis meds and take the influenza jab. Last time, I le
PM Lee at May Day rally Take practical approach to re-employment beyond 65: Singapore&#039;s Prime Minister Le... twitterurl
I gg gaga I see a lot familiar face .. I keep slient.. I already relax hang clothes le.. Heehee.. Happy go lucky
Gas tanker explodes in Mexico City: A gas tanker explodes in the Mexico City suburb of Ecatepec, killing at le... twitterurl
well done copy three times yet nvr say anything=) endure i v good le sia keep quiet nvr say anything. all cos scared samuel kena cos me
Where do you think you will be in 10 years time? ??? in a 4room flat, with my wife and two kids... and a car at le... twitterurl
Why I'm not looking forward to D&D tomorrow: le dear won't be there, my female colleague won't be there, and it just don't feel the same.
??twitterusername twitterusername then what for crush sia ? It hurts pe. Better rabak je rabak je rabak je??? dont rabak everydayday sia ! Rabak le
80% of my close/best friends are in Melbourne celebrating birthday for le BFF. I am stuck here with endless emo-ness.
Lady gaga- venus nice le. Or I thk I'm just the bo liao one who like this song only. Cause its planet. Lol
I need to make this Le Gayi choreography a reality so I need 50 volunteers and the esplanade to let me borrow the entire building for free.
I still think 300 trailer damn nice le. am I mad alrdy or something or I am just too obsessed with warrior shows
US makes no bones as it atacks Vietnam's jailing of activist lawyer Le Quoc Quan for 30 months on tax evasion charges twitterurl
While Ole Le Cook was busy playing David Blaine with us over #WestGate, Walter Barasa was "mbise" tryina bribe his to "Hell"!......Wapi uji?
Jean-Phillipe Grandin, manager of Doddy's Cafe, has created 'Le Zlatan' burger, which apparently has the 'power and strength' of the forward
Woohoo it's ur bdae le twitterusername Wishing u a happybdae bb!! ???????? Shopping aft my o's! Have a blast! Stay pretty ya!
Whatever happened to my dreams of becoming a designer. Bet I would have rocked that PFW show :) Sadly now I only design with words. Le sigh.
How long have u been worling out? ??? i never work out le, last step into gym was 2 months ago...gotta move my but... twitterurl
Le Xuan Nghia, snr Vietnam finance official, once told me not to get excited by talk of SOE reform: "we've been working on it for 30 years".
woah cb. My phone don't you dare on me. I still have to use for another two years le. my mom dw to buy new phone for me
When I was a kid, whenever I manage to balance the swimming board underwater on my feet, I feel like le surfer.
My hair have grown its longest length since the day I enlisted :)) I can even see the brown in my hair le!! But it's time to cut soon :(
Sigh why so fast the blue champ boat got dent le :( ??? NOT I COX ONE. I didn't go for training that day :-( twitterurl
Lecturer asked my group if they know Pachinko and my group mates doesn't know.. and he didn't see me nodding :((( I know le..
American Le Mans champ Lucas Luhr to race in IndyCar at Sonoma: Five-time ALMS champion to race for Sarah Fish... twitterurl
So you and aurora Le are friends now? i saw a question about you on her ask... ??? Yeah and I know I saw it twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername dont give up hope la sis! Like so long nv meet alr??? Glad you know that! When you gonna meet me! I giving up le
don't put the blame on me hor RT twitterusername twitterusername I'm becoming like u le... Coming up with stupid weird names for twitter hahahahaha
Going home to sleep now bc i'm down with fever and flu sigh my Friday night jiu zhe yang gone le......: (
New Leaked Photos Show Tizen 3.0 Running on the Galaxy S III: A new set of photos revealing Samsung???s mysterious Tizen 3.0 OS have le...
Battalion BBQ later on. And they have beers! And i'm not a alcoholic :) and so what i shall do is bbq le food for them.
I still damn shocked le. Lorde Boyf a bit too small ah. but it's okay love is weird. later i fall in love with someone surprising  also
yeah enough le xD hope what i said, you will remember~ :) AND TML 3pm t... ??? LAME we jog during evening la dumbfuck twitterurl
in my head i'm stl at Coastes sand bar goin like "ce-le-brate good times c'mon! celebration~" diff beers diff wines reaaalll goood seafooodd
What's wrong with your lappy? ??? Idk leh cannot on just now. But now can le... Time for me to fix it twitterurl
??twitterusername DONT NEED STUDY ONE LA, #CONFIDENTKING "twitterusername die for Maths test tml"??? you scoring A right or not. so envy le
I just remembered coe for motorcycles are nearing to 2k. Mangkok sia. Idk if i want get bike or not le
Why We Love Le Creuset Dutch Ovens: There are a lot of Dutch ovens out there, but we're quite attached to the ... twitterurl
segamat leh? never come back arh I'm here le leh "twitterusername What is cny when I dont even have a reunion dinner to begin with"
Le LG ??????????????????????? I immediately gave him a dollar after I opened the prezzie... tsk... He say I pantang. I say I love him too much. #WeirdConvo
Ventured into the kitchen again and raised the bar for gourmet dining experiences. I call it "Le toast de Nutelle". twitterurl
Le LG just attempted to slap me because I keep singing hokkien CNY songs. But.. its CNY Wat. . #cnyspirit #likeabeng #jipaihosehliao
wtf sia. I've to sit down and look after how they take care of le bbg and how they do the house work. Zzzz
the only good thing about tmr is that im meeting le girlfriend, ohgod a few weeks we did not meet and i have lots of stories to tell!!
Cb. Go out sua lah.  Study scold so much . They study le say I never. Got anyone complain to you not ? No right.
Prince of Persia 2D Game Rumored, Using UbiArt Engine:   Here is a rumor I can definitely get behind. French website Le??Portail du Je...
Saw cutie ytd^^v tink tis wld be the last time till next yr... take care n dun be so blurr le kay!!! (Forever in monologue...) XD
Finished off a periok of mee rebus and still in need of food. Why twitterusername stays at le other end of pasir ris?!
Its been a long time i didn't catching up with le boys and then last night the fun ang gossip explode?? twitterurl
Oh hayyyyy fellow job seeker RT twitterusername preparing le resume coz i seriously need another job. office 9-5 preferably this time :(
Back at Jurong Island wid the not-nice but cheap cai fan. Le sighs. But it's a short week! :D twitterurl
Wtf HAHA I went to buy food and wanted ask how much. Instead I say ?????????????????LOL. I think I work till siao le hahaa
Asshole sia the neighbours upstairs. Early in the morning 9+ 10 keep doing noisy drilling. Now I wake up then stop le zzzz
Searching so hard on9 for Lady Diamond LE ver B cuz I didn't manage to find it in Japan OTL HAHAH
Bon chance tous le monde ! Break a leg  for your final exam tmr Palam-ians twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername , all the best ??? :)
Any1 has qipao or cheongsam of size UK 8? Can I borrow tonight pls?? Willing to travel to collect. Pls bangbangmang!! I have no budget le :(
I remembered going chinatown last year just bcorz of geography project that lily lee made us do hahahahaaha full of fun&memories w/ le girls
One day smoke one pack my bro also scared me alrdy lol!!! Really need cut down abit.. but its a kind of lifestyle le..
What is the very last thing you do before you settle in to fall asleep at night?... ??? Charge le hp :) twitterurl
Star witness in ex-SCDF chief Peter Lims trial arrives for second day on stand: Ms Pang Chor Mui (in black) le... twitterurl
Thanks for le blouse, ball pen, a bar of chocolate and love letter ? RT twitterusername : twitterusername Happy birthday akak manis :D
Where do you see yourself five years from now? ??? Should be finish ord going to uni le.. It's kinda sad that we a... twitterurl
Anlyway, lenber mai. Laun I canlot fax to to you because I'm lot in le fax machine. - Chinese Aunty at the store
And you keep giving me that face. Wtf? What you want to eat then lar. I chose le then you tell me food don't look nice.
More than half of my followings are from Irsyad & so TL is conquered by le Irsyadians talking abt IHG teringat sports day time sec sch haha.
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername your face like step cute cb. Acbc act cute buay cute le stop it??? You damn mean HAHAHA
Red Bull's Mark Webber, 36, is in talks with Porsche about a drive in their Le Mans sportscar programme next year.
Looking at my pictures from Tokyo. It's only 1 week and Im already missing it!!! I want to emigrate to there le!!
Presents from le family (still can't get over the fact that there is a pooh bear uke omfg love love?? twitterurl
Best massage session ever. Think too long nv go le...now my whole shoulders are loosen! Gotta have a better night sleep i hope!
PM Lee and Asean counterparts in Brunei this week for leaders' summit: April 23, 2013 6:17 PMPRIME Minister Le... twitterurl
Le epic game where I solo mid with Akali and twitterusername played Kennen and twitterusername played Shen. Hard game, but won. "FLIPPIN' NINJAS!"
Aka Ngibambile tweet neh Hero? :"D RT twitterusername You going to sun city Le wena ???twitterusername It's so nice being driven...???
Actually... I feel like a badass when I skip talks and stuff... its not I wanna skip lor, last year also went le...
Made my day"twitterusername twitterusername ok ok enough. Don't fly too high. Later someone will get very happy and say "be mine LE" XD HAHAHAHAHHA"
Kerry vows 'to leave no stone unturned' on Benghazi: US Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday vowed to "le... twitterurl
Have you had a boyfriend before ??? Yup. He's in my cupboard right now. Currently, his name is Le Blanc. But soon ... twitterurl
Why does le dear seems to know almost anything and more knowledgeable regarding this? Or am I just ignorant and naive?
ha.. Betul le tu gamkanya RT"twitterusername #Libras are versatile and can get on the exact level of any person they speak to."
I gg sleep le. Good night twitterusername Heh happy birthday ok!! Come find me tmrw after assembly or smth ??? love ya! ?
My gosh looking at the way they shop.. no need buy stuff for them le la. The shoe yg holding is nice lo. *.*
I will always here for my buddies. for sure will always ready to face anything that will happen with le bestiest! :))
you think u very famous? ??? Well, i guess it depends on how you gonna see it? Maybe slightly more than you? At le... twitterurl
Le class going crazy about Navy Open House tomorrow, made my day. ?? All the diff kinds of ships comes out... #SC
When sit infront of her. She sing ombak rindu song make me melt alot. I love her voice...ada lengok fuuh. Dah le jadi my vocalris ar ni.
Eh anon i cant fcking stand u, if u stir trouble then chicken out, dont bother la k. Eoy coming le go st... ??? <---- twitterurl
Help la!!! I spent so much data on uploading photos and I just realised I haven't finished uploading? Fun le lor...
Eh gone case ah I'm having breakfast at home tmrw look who started nagging after Hedir just ended his speech: le mother.
Wah damnnnnn tired. Plans in the morning cancelled because I couldn't wake up! Dragged myself up for lunch with le ben10
The worst thing that's happening in my life right now is this fking food poisoning TOO PAIN wo bu xing le!!!!!!!!!
The pain of waiting for twitterusername to resuscitate itself, swiftly switched over to twitterusername mioTV and Le Prof greeted me. Hello Wenger! ;D
Amazon Smartphone With 3D Eye-Tracking Tech in the Works: Amazon is working on a high-end smartphone that supposedly features next-le...
le cai wa cai ho lah.. :p "twitterusername twitterusername what? Every one of ypu is treating me like a shit .. -_-.. neither you or she .. hahaha eek"
I wrote a whole list of ideas for le bf's school assignment and I decided never to volunteer helping him with this module again. Cogpsy sux.
I have one pellet (27 boxes) of papers to shred. And one more pellet to repack. LE  S I G H
Wanao! Bro last min tell me 6pm selling away my iph le. :( den dk when Buy iph5 ?? ltr no ph use can die sia.
Im going to say that i really joyful in le extra class more than in class. Get it? Ellllll ohhhhh Ellll
Hahah. Always quarrel den ok back>< must well don't beak 1day ago. Now dk how u both okay back le lol. ??. Quarrel no use de.
O_o not mine RT twitterusername Leya Steve Msebenzi RT twitterusername Which 4ne is that? RT twitterusername Kanti le-phone nayo iya Freezer? Kwanzima
I think I should start training for NS le.... haix.... why can't everybody in the same JC enlist at the same time?
Good morning tweeps! Will be on my way home in like half hour time and i???ll be sleeping!!! Hehe! Wanna work le but hmph
Oh yeah jn gt some le pandas mascots hahahahahah bloody hell block my way luckily i didnt spear you assholes down
Don't know should I go to Eddie house later abit tired leh lol but so long no see them le lol
Before new year already gave SGD to mummy and papa for CNY le! So all this little bit of RM$ no big deals -.-
Morning jog tmr with le sis sia. Now cnt slp need clear things. Later nv clear and look at mom will guilty
With le boys at my place playing Fifa13 and MW3. And they had to leave my house without telling me nbcb?? twitterurl
Smlj blasting we run the night in the civic? Wtf lol. I rmb when I was blasting it months ago in my jag with le twitterusername
Should i buy that flange or flanger whatever its called. Hahaha so that i can connect my guitar to le ipad and do some tracking.
HEH MEET SOON RT twitterusername FUCK YOU SITI :( RT twitterusername twitterusername it was only just a dreaaaaam. if you turn straight, i long ago straight le
sometimes when I listen to symphonies that are so packed by majestic might and courageous tempo, MY HAIR ALL STAND AND I BOW BEFORE LE MUSIC
le genius fangirl aka me forgot to buy double sided tape to do her fangirl shit : ) now I can't do anything ha ha
Why Raja have to stay at Tampines. Hahaha.. she wanted to take cab but long queue. She cannot wait to go back meet le bf. Hahaha..
Definitely will ah! But you dare to watch already not bad le!  RT twitterusername twitterusername HAHA! Duh! But I do get scared at times!
Swee la. I scored so well on my o level that government let me skip to university. I think i study till doctor degree then stop le. LOL.
Check out Privy's New Years Rockin' Eve 2013 Midnight Masquerade at Le Ka! It was really fun night and great way... twitterurl
I had probably pissed them off. But, being a bitch I can be, I don't care. In the words of le dear, 'cry lah, cry.'
My usual 85 porridge must wait 35 mins :(. Don't want buy le . I prefer 85 when it was still renovating and no one came
going to watch one of the most epic movie in 2013. Les Miserables or hoe they pronounce it as Le Mis-Sarap :D
You ever be on IG & you always got them bitches who ask Rih le stupidest  fucking questions JUST cause she follows em? No? K.
Minus Redbull becos I'm scared of dying early ??twitterusername Tonight die le. The amount of homework I have to do is so insane. Redbull :(???
You when free sia , I mon,sun and fri taken ! RT twitterusername twitterusername walao! Want lunch soon? Like thousand years no see le
Lol useyeyisa! A1 yonke le RT twitterusername Ishuuu lol RT twitterusername I'm sure we rnt missing out on much lol :-P ... twitterurl
Kkay im going to roll in my solo accs and i will roll in le koala acc after midnight once it gets quiet ouo
[YH!SG-FB] PM Lee takes a swipe at the opposition Workers' Party, saying they have not offe...: PM Le... twitterurl #singapore
Only got one day off and no time for him, le sigh. Feel so bad. What a useless girlfriend I am.
I think I'm crazy le.... I'm working 3 different jobs at 3 different places for morning, afternoon and night tomorrow, Good luck to me :)
Aku taktahu what will hppend tomorrow when neet with my le girls. Ahahahahaha, maybe they shout like orang utan maybe. Ahahaha lol
Aston Villa 2-1 Bradford Highlights: Bradford became the first fourth-tier side in over 50 years to reach the Le... twitterurl
The 430g M&M is really big packet sia!!! I eat le half packet still got hundreds of M&M left...
When people ask you a god damn obvious question and all you feel like replying is .. "YOU DON'T SAY , ??? , LE MAI GONG , KO JANGAN KATA !"
My cheeks hurt from smilling too much thanks to le twitterusername for that link you've gave to me just now :"3 ze new spirit lewls
So exciting le. RT twitterusername this year is kinda exciting.....Next mth, USS. June, bkk. Dec? HK!?!? Wna go lan kwai fong ??????
So many things to do tonight :( Decided to bring my laptop onto my bed so that I can accompany le darling! ^^
Today go new place work manager sure need stress alot thing le but heng don't need use hand to settled thing
Shld I bring the bk dictionary?  I got two e dictionary alr thanks to le bro helping me borrow one hehe.
ARGHHHHHHH WHY THEY SO FICKLE! Set on a date for their damn company meeting lah! Set le still change! irritating sia!
Play wind runner play till all wing shoe included invites+people send me one all finish le. Zzz time for bed bah ):
#p3n1s this fella did it on purpose. -_- know you for 1 year plus le. You're a jovial and helpful person, always taking e initiative. :)
Zhang da le, grow up already! #Independent RT twitterusername I'm so used to being lonely I don't even feel lonely when I go out alone now.
A short 2hours meet up with le sick girl before i go for my exam. Takecare of yourself baby. See you?? twitterurl
Wah sian tot of asking u out for lunch but your daddy buy le.. shall head to gombak to eat barh!
What is the nafa 3 yr course about and what do you le... ??? It's about music and I'm going to learn about music i... twitterurl
Forgot to bring my charger out nvm, now even spare phone also forgot bring and my this current phone dying le fml
Well spent evening at the Taste of India For the birthday party with Le family. And guess who we met?? twitterurl
Baby came to fetch me and now we are having our late late dinner! (@ Le Xuan Hong Kong Dim Sum w/ twitterusername twitterurl
So late le and I'm still watching tv... looks like my plan of waking up early for a jog is not going to happen...
Go one time with me ^^ if you don't like it next time won't ask you le ^^ ??? Hahaha who r u? twitterurl
wtf got zoukout invites frm le client and my 50++ year old CeO says yes. Can you imagine seeing someone as old as your dad partying?!
Boycott Pizzahut? Whatever 4? Complain to the Management/Owners dah le, I am sure they will go out of their way to address wheelchair issue
I also don't know why I can't RT twitterusername Taking a whiny kid out. le sigh why can some ppl grow up and be independent?
Had an awesome moments with le cousin just now. Sharing ridiculous funny stories and laughing like there is no more tomorrow. Lulz
HAHAHA "twitterusername Now PSLE no more knowing the scores. Top student wasted sia, cannot advertise chicken essence at bus stop le."
Its been mainly music from Jake Bugg, Cate Le Bon and Rose Elinor Dougall this past few days. Less on bands but more on solo artist now.
You can like stop giving guys your attention le, atte... ??? When did I give guys my attention? Are you wanting my... twitterurl
"twitterusername seeing everybody in class scoring, and im the only one not doing well. how do i even gonna get promoted.." sigh u did le
Wah why so fast ah:( tmr marking day liao then thurs and fri receive back results le:(( AHHHHHH CAN DONT SO FAST OR NOT
Wow!!! The song "The Fox (What does the fox says)" got 94 millions views on YouTube le... looks like there's a new Gangnam Style on the web
"twitterusername twitterusername Get well soon! when you get better ... i got 23 year old china lady for you to flip." HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA CB LE U
22 years old and I have yet to go to Disneyland. Le sigh. And Universal Studios Japan! Lotte World! Samsung Everland!
knocked out on the bus and managed to dazedly make the way to my bed. well, no sleep till work is le done done
siapa nih? gada crita crita ni era ama dindel :( RT "twitterusername ehem ehem, for someone speciale in my heart le wkwkkwk RT twitterusername
Later later ponder ponder. Im such a procrastinator. Havent done my MPE. Now panic like fuggg.. plan timetable and do mpe on le phone...
Me: ' go town ' mom ' no, go mbs. ' Me ' there ex le ' mom ' who say ' woah woah woah woah. My mom step rich siol.
Eeeyer ! Why Leo kor kor like that de :( ! Ruin the l... ??? My hair legit stand le... Wah.. I appreciate the love... twitterurl
udah2 le twitterusername tu, thing is PKR retain a DUN seat it vacated n MCA did not lose deposit like DAP wanted n Nuar didnt get his Reformasi2
Just received my 'SAF Specialist Pride' and my cert... looks like I'm becoming a sergeant very soon le... about 2.5 more days as a cadet :(
le me on the bus home: hey that tee looks familiar... OMFG KAI'S TEE! BM TOTE BAG!!! OMFGGGG SHE ACTUALLY BOUGHT IT AND WEARING IT OUT ;~;
me ' eh have interesting topic to talk le ' rubhan ' so who are you going to date on v'a day ' me: ' what the hell '
Xiexie=))RT twitterusername Gong Xi Fa Cai cinooooo =)) RT twitterusername Gong Xi Fa Cai! Happy Chinese New Year! Xin Nian Kuai Le Wan Shi Ru Yi!
I'm always kena left alone le. my mom dad and sister all go out and now I'm left alone. how can u all be so heartless
Long time never get so angry le... first time shout so many vulgarities in such a long chain... this will definitely spoil everything now...
Andrew always like to this timing n always last min ask me go chiong wtf?? wo yao shui jiao le la
HAHA irritating bread boy rt??twitterusername EH SERIOUSLY FUCK U AND UR MONKEY PHOTO LA I WANT BLOCK U LE twitterusername
Lolx perhaps >< Btw your bro likes chocolate cakes lots? That four le... ??? We dont really eat alot of cakes... Haha twitterurl
Extreme carbo loading for tomorrow's 32km route march: eat cookhouse food and go to canteen for samba fried rice within one hour!!! Fat le!!
Cant rmbr the last time I lazed in my bed and updating my playlist and not worrying abt working on sunday. This is le life
Nissan ZEOD RC preparing for first race circuit test: Nissan is hoping car is ready for 24 Hours of Le Mans: T... twitterurl
So happy that one of le gf can join me to gush over cute indie boys so idh to be alone in this sad world HAHAHA twitterurl
Gd mornin ?????. Hope this happy mood of yours stay with you throughout  the day at work. I won't make you angry le. Promise. Hehe\
seeing everyone wit their families and loves one in 1 table here I am all alone on le ex pri sch mate wedding.
you damn bad leh XD Whatsapp!  I got something I want to dicuss  :3 ??? Ehhh.. Wait see charge Hao le not twitterurl
URGH, le bitch is squeezing with me, giving me only limited space to sleep and now I'm about to fall off th bed if I turn. #pig #bitch #fat
I hope I can tell you who am I but nah I'm too shy ??? So have u seen me in real life before or no? Give a hint le... twitterurl
Eh plz la gurl.. We have le'????? one ok.. We dun TAKE away ur place coz u went to the toilet ok! Get ur shit together.. go go go! GATHER!
Ask me help u pei u I always ok no matter how tired I feel or what ,now ask y help me such small favour also buay gam guan. Suan le
Its crazy how i put it under my priority list when i dont do that for my pending works. Le sigh. So tired but must hold on this next week..
The previous time I had to go back at 3, I was feeling sad because I couldn't see le dear before I go. Not today. Shall see him later. :)
So proud of my boy, he did a good job. At least, this 1 year together, can see how much he changed and learnt from it. Thumbs up for le boy!
I can't wait to get my hands on IPHONE4S this weekend. Le mom got herself S3, so I'm using her IPHONE while I wait for 5 to be release.
Heading to Pasar with le mum early in the morning. Then off to town to get my stuffs in the afternoon! I hope I can wake up man, seriously.
Never in my whole life i am so kiasu before! Camp in front of my com waiting for 10am and get my lab group. Im the first one le hahahaha!!!
Like a finally 100% le. just now soam him till he wakes. Awhile more gonna spam YongHan be4 I slp xP. But he go on do not disturb. LoL!
auntie,This is a study corner le,not a corner for you to play your cantonese song loudly. Later i dont give you seat in the mrt then you knw
Dont stalk le lah! If you have the time to stalk me, why not you guys take the time to do your homeworks so that i can copy every morning :b
this guy look so sian still can be reporter sia. Woah then I also can be sia.. But I talk very fast le.. So I still can be or not
#999.99 smlj la! u see now i less words to write, haha, all the best for O's ok! must go NJC! u too smart le, hehe dont pussy la, girl only!
my future cousin in law damn funny le. she saw the heart shape she cried. she saw the cake she cried. she saw the ring she cried more WHAT
I askedy friend not to call so quickly le, both of us are completing 2 projects in one day sia.... now my boss ask us to work until Fri only
I say I dw shake hand le den u insist hold my hand den say wad this yr my temper even more bad,I not enough $ use,Dont anyh go out wid fren?
financial plan done! Sandy u can do it! gotta do it! If not ur dec&nxt yr plan no hope le! If u wanna go both u gotta tahan!
i knw the real one. say fake one alrdy like tis le lorh. if i say real one... sad uh. i oso wil. but like nt as much. cos of tad.
Zzz.... fucking sian sia... if I go SCS with my friends, then I'll have a lot of people that I know in my section le... why I disrupt NS????
So if I cont part time I wun get the $1000 wtf I dun wan work le la if really dun have o rather head back to work m&s
My face would be smoother if I wasn't an assigned at birth male. My lower face is always with a stub le at the end of the day. Meh.
Typical korean drama: ko 2 org gaduh le bagai nak rak at the edge of a building, polis kat bawah will be so loyal just to wait down there.
????? I dont have a GF !! No need to leave a note and ask who's my gf when I came back late on a Valentine's day !! Wa piang ! A NOTE LE !!
walao-.-portable sot le issit. Why so fast drop 2 blue light. Wahh wan save monie ask bro help me buy the same portable as him liao??$90+ sia
At the cArpRk I ask my bro My line issit cut off le den he ignore. when outside house door he smile fake say to my dad  5/2/13 den can use??.
2sis live in that room den the sis die le inside dk got wad.Den the owner wife was watching tv den sudd zoom in the room,I go press restart.
I think go in le bah, he suddenly text me says he go in DB ask me take carw i keeo thinking What's that. HA! Serve him right! twitterusername
Dear hope you had yr lunch! Haha I'm on my way to my work place le,reaching in 15mins :3 hope all goes well~ I miss you!!<3 twitterusername
so close yet so far i miss him going two week never see him le:/ i know we had our fights our misunderstandings but i will still love u
Its been a long time never go to the wet market,hate it when step on it and le wild water just hittin ur feet.im gonna buy a croc shoe soon.
everytime i go to live i will be charmed by ppl who r not my bias!!! WHAIIII!!!! Ok but aki u still got me under ur spell tho! u too hot le!
sleeping the whole day & going back to sleep again... work tml... walao if i can mc tml i cmf mc one lor! sian why i late 2 times le!!!
really le. It's too small alrdy. OMFG SIA. Like who invented this ice cream. I ate four it equals to I ate one regular cone is it or two?
I had neighbour once who did try to harm my cats during daily roam/walk. I very gangster ??OEI LE KONG SI MI? U WAN FIGHT AH???? He scared LOL
I must NEVER mentally say: get xx grade ill b happy le.. Three essays in a row, all I got was the bare minimum grade tt won't upset me. Wtf
btw kat-tun, i still hvnt give up on u yet. when will be the day i meet u? le sigh. con dates u go narnia vacation isit. whr r u?!!
Jie say till Kor bwg le den now all Diam Liao but sure quarrel again de. But this will make my bro wake up and think so that he will change.
U say u don't like it when they liddis den u urself liddis anyh.Now is see u liddis le,I dw settle wid u.But now my heart damn fkedup-.-!!!
Even you chose to give me up at the lowest point in my life. Then what for drag me into all this thing n leave me after that LOL. Suan le.
Cos le colleague isnt here we had to change her dirty fish bowl fr her. THE FISH LEAPED OUT AND LANDED IN THE SINK. it was so scary omg
