Wah tired liow !
Sweating like crazy liow.
Gone case liow .
Alalalla, reach yishun liow.
VIP seat somemore! Swee liow!
I guess my teacher give up liow
Acc to my aunt twitterusername said it's 5 stops to sengkang wah liow more than 5 alrdy liow
All the iPhone games fucking boring liow..
Why Mrs Liow so cute one hahaha
Hungry liow #instaplace #instaplaceapp #instagood #photooftheday #instamood #picoftheday #instadaily?? twitterurl
Liow Tiong Lai elected president of Malaysia's MCA twitterurl
Liow Tiong Lai: MCA Pr??sident ??? 4 r??al ??
I believe in the 1M vision, says Liow Tiong Lai.
Liow family back!They got me a slipper!\
Idk why but now I got the thaipusam fever liow!!
Joseph Chinyong Liow: Malaysia's Doppelganger Election twitterurl via twitterusername
thanks for Elgar liow I'm defined as emotionally unstable.
Heyyo brc take note that "Msg by Mrs Liow - "Cs ca at h404. Inform all.""
Again and again. Mrs Liow you need to stop making us so confused.
"twitterusername I hope i can sleep,My body clock rabak liow"
krik krik "twitterusername Anyone wants my white Ite uniform? M size I pakai sapau liow."
Lama tak jumpa Liow Yu Yi + Durkhasree. They are so cute.
Reply quick laaaaaaa. Me needs to know if can or not liow.
Oh yaaa . Mr singh is talking to mr liow noww. Hahhh ex-teacher of nbrss.
What if, Gan & Wee @ Liow & Donald @ Tee Keat & Wee/Donald Lim ?
Told my dad at 3 but he's alrdy there wah liow
Lol Mrs Liow told me I have to be in a graduation video omg fml
Good luck 2 Ong Tee Keat, Gan Peng Shieu & Liow Tiong Lai 4 MCA President !!
I guess I'm only gonna meet that cat on monday. Boohoo. So long liow.
Mrs liow say everyone pass the module is just that our gpa high or low only omg please omg
CO changed my life,attitude,character,almost everything.Thanks papa liow,if not i'll be playing badminton now..
I have not yet start my report and mrs liow said we should start doing already hahaha #notime
BEWARE: M'sia is now the fattest country in SE Asia with the obesity rate on the rise, says Liow Tiong Lai.
Super awk moment when hadudu was hanging out just behind me and azf and azf was talking to him wah liow
Nasib I didn't tell them that I can work tonight. Kalau tak confirm I cannot make it seh. Manyak penat liow.
K sumpah I rasa nak demam. I got cls tmrw la liow. Don't do this to me k pls body. Me needs my immune system to tahan a bit more.
