Will Smith is an inspiring man. Smart man. Unique man.
And why today alot of people went out to restaurants man man man man
A quiet man is a thinking man. \
#nowwatching Man City v Man United.
A quiet man, is a thinking man.\
That???s indian man ! Not china man !
Now Man City is chasing Man Utd.
man u finally playing well man
Man United vs Man City plak pagi..
Man U is gonna fucking win man.
Southampton 3-1 Man City...!! Yeah man...!!^^
"A quiet man is a thinking man"
Such a boring game between Man U & Man City!! 4-0!! Man U get thrashed!! Hahaha!! Awesome Man City!! *switchofftv*
Yeah man. Wa  RT twitterusername twitterusername yea that are true words  fi di conscious man! man!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MAN U MAN U MAN UNIIIIIITEDDDDDDD! ??? OMG this is the wrong site, go away HAHAHAHA twitterurl
Man man man #TheFALLis here & the 1st week it's going down twitterusername 1st #PrettyWednesday this?? twitterurl
Grabbing lunch today with the man behind the man behind the man- twitterusername #caliswagdistrict #bajafresco
Why iron man? Why not steel man or gold man? Hahah!
Done watching iron man and iron man 2. Can't wait for iron man 3 :B
Not sure if it's Man City v Man Utd or Man City v Singapore
Man Man Man It's Going Down Tonight & Saturday #TheCAPITOLTonight & #EMPIRESaturday .. CATCH THE WAVE ?? twitterurl
shoot man.
Pathetic man
Awh Man!
speaking of running man, bye! wna watch running man
??twitterusername twitterusername ion kno man???yean gone do nothin man !
If only I play for Coe man, fuck man :-(
Cool ke pe Man Utd losing? Not at all Man!!
Lee Soo Man RT twitterusername With the man ! twitterurl
Omg Man U whays happening..... 4-0 Man City
I gotta bone to pick this morning man ol man
Haha even mum says the word "Man" now man seh
one man trash is another man come up
Bitch please ,  its man boobs , not tits. Man boobs FTW
Oh, Cloud Atlas has man on man action too. Lol.
I miss to watch running man. Awwww man tonight :(
Man City playing against Crystal Palace or Man Utd ni?
one man trash is another man treasure beb
Happy birthday man twitterusername ! Have a great one man!
lee soo man ??? i love that man twitterurl
When Running Man becomes Waiting Man.. #shared #FacepalmMan twitterurl
What a cocky man. He's not a man.
Afro man that is a sending off man....?
Watching Sunderland vs Man United coz Man U lost HAHAHA
Man my roommate sleep while im up studying man ugghhhh
Homed and on time for running man yea man
#Nowwatching man city vs sunderland. MaN city 2 sunderland 1\
Phone batt dropping like hell man. What is this man.
I'm bored man.. Guess I'll wash my room man.
I think Slender man is nothing compared to Midnight man....
Omg Man U whats happening..... 4-0 Man City #MNCvsMNU
I fucking love IP MAN!!!! IP MAN RULZ DOOODZ
they say "find man with future not man with trouble"
Man utd are 7 points clear from man city....!!^^ #GGMU
#nowplaying U R Man by SS501 - SS501 ??? ???? - U R MAN
running man 149 , gimiho's seducing the running man guys!
Who needs running man when you've got Only Man. twitterurl
I dont know what life man fak man
*man pushing his way thru the crowd* Man: Excuse me.\
Rewatching iron man 2 before tonight iron man 3
Man jailed for assaulting and locking up another man twitterurl
Code name: Big man. Password: smash BIG MAN, SMASH
be a lady's man not a ladies man
This rain man hope its not raining tonight man
Interesting scene at my first U15 game. One of the players' mother shouted 'Man-to-man marking! Man-to-man marking!'. Power makcik ni.
Do you know the satay man , the satay man , the satay man OH ! Do you know the satay man who lives in Sandy Lane :D
IT IS OUT?...*jumps on the seat*...YEAH! QT twitterusername *pumping fist in the air* Iron Man 3! Iron Man 3! Iron Man three! IRON MAN THREE!!
Chinese man bumps into me. Chinese man phone drops. Chinese man 'tsk' at me. Chinese man bends down to pick up phone. \
shall watch running man.
Aw man . Alone today ;/
#nowatching - Spider Man
leg cramps man.
fucking tired man.
Happy birthday man twitterusername ^^
spoil the song man
Going out now man
Shall watch running man
The cheer leading man ????
Woy man pending :/ twitterusername
Da fugg man, seriously.
Reese is annoying man
Watching running man
pissed off man
lets watch running man ^-^
#nowwatching running man!
? Running Man Marathon
Running man has strt!!
Man fuck this heartburn.
Back off man.
OT fucking sucks man
Pissed off man..
Free Justin man smh
Stone as fuck man.
my driving sucks man
19 June free man .
#nw running man. Mornight!
fuck man. goodnight. goodmorn
training tomorrow finally man
wad tha fuck man
he's an oxford man
running man now huehuehue
Just watched Running Man.
So yeah whatever man.
Running man time hoho
the fuck man?
Man I cannot sleep...
#NowWatching D. Gray Man...
Running Man marathon.
Dayumm... Not this man.
Its freaking dark man
Hahahah chocolates oh man
Fucking man child .
Wonderful logic man??
Need a break man
For Strong Man Challenge
man fuck dat bitch.
watching running man now
bigbang the best man
what fucking evs man
Man, fuck the Nets -.-
Man the fuck up
running man now heh
Crying a river man
What's the song man...?
Gonna watch running man !
Should be sleeping man
Early morning curiousities man.
Magic Man - Waves twitterurl
Omg Man U finally
Now downloading running man
Here comes running man !
Man!. F.cking With Kid
watching spurs-man utd.
Cooper getting torched man !!
Not bad man city
Running man #NowWatching
Freezing cold outside man
yeah man im fine
Man ... dry subject
this song man twitterurl
Download running man later
fucking shit man
who hiring man
It's war man
Pressurising me man. twitterusername
omg @ the man twitterurl
gg man the comeback
Wah stress man.
Babysitting my little man.
Honestly fuck this man
fuck man, can't sleep.
Referee vs Man Utd
Today super hot man!
Loving Man United spirit ??
What is exercise man!
Time freakin flew man .
Loving the font man
??twitterusername twitterusername thanks man!???
tonight running man
Running man for awhile. ??
Running Man time!
Done watching running man
#NowPlaying Man Down - Rihanna
fuck it man.
Totally..... What's wrong man
#Nowwatching Ip Man
Running to the Man
Oh man bowling close
Man united looking good.
#nowwatching Man of Taichi.
Picture quality rabak man.
#nowplaying Man Of Sorrows
Freaking lyrics man.
The Falling Man twitterurl
I miss everything man.
cieee , the busy man .
whos studying man?
Being poetic man
What's a thot man ?
Tottenham menentang Man City.\
I'm becoming Spider-Man .  . .
This feeling sucks man :(
The Running Man
What the fuck man.
running man teamwork ??
The Amazing Spider-Man
running man now heh.
Done with running man
sigh. fuck man.
??twitterusername Young man. twitterurl
terrica need ah man !
fuck this man haih
Lovin Meh Man Eternally
Overthinking really hurt man.
Watchinnn running man !
done watching iron man
Oh man traffic jam
So exhausting man seriously :(
Watching IP man 2
<===== the music man. twitterusername
go fuck yourselves man
Tonight running man yowww !
Man fuck a surprise
Very refreshing man!
Fuckin sigh man
What went wrong man..
Big boss hard man
Piss off man.
fuck this shit man
[TNP] Bionic man twitterurl
Pree hot man today.
fuck yourself man
fuck this feeling man.
The Guitar Man #nowplaying
Waiting for 'Running Man'
So not cool man!
Man fuck this shit
omfg so worried man
A man, a real man, a "wonderful man," will be too busy protecting your heart to play with it.
I'm not a patient man,I'm just a man that learns how to be a patient man,
HAHAHAHAHA FUCK RT twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername you are not a man" He was never a man. Hes a black man.
screw chem man, whatever.
screw this shit man
hilarious running man !!!!
whats wrg man. wth
Alright running man lesgo.
Download amazing spider-man!
Running Man was fun (:
Popeye the sailor man.......
Seriously. Fisher-king man!
Fucking china man driver
Aching everywhere man.
Where got time man???????
Shall watch running man .
Soon , becoming a man .
Watching Running Man
watching queen inhyun's man!!! *--*
Dancing with another man.
Im a free man!!!!!!
#NowWatching Running Man
Running Man tonight ;)
#NowWatching Iron Man 2
#nw running man christmas
wow quite long man
Miss playing soccer man ..
#NowWatching D. Gray Man :)(:
Running Man Marathon.
Watching Iron Man 3. ?
Watching iron man nowwwwww
thrift shop ~~~ yeah man
My Fuckin Ears Man ??
Running Man - Major distraction.
what the fuck man
man fuck this
fuck everything man
Fuck this feeling man
Man, fuck work today. ??
Sweating like a man
Misplace wak man camera
Tweeting while lol man
Fucking hate dudes man .
Finally watching running man. ??????
Watching Running Man xD
wah so pissed man
Every Freaking Time Man!
Man United looking strong
The sailor man ;) twitterurl
watching the best man
oh man honeytree )-:
Done downloading running man
can't fucking wait man!
Big black Chocolate man!
Fucking tired man.
So fucking exhausted man......
Still not asleep man
Fuck off man ulcer ):
Running man is out!!!
just flipping whatever man
Man fuck this shit..
Delivery man liao lor
Man fuck that shit!
This is rabak man.
Shit bodoh man city
hotshotgg cmi man
fuckin celtics man
alexich u charming man
Tweetbot so difficult man
One Man Coffee -\
Scheming old man.
Good job man united
Watching man city's game.
This cough gtg man
Lecture too boring man.....
Oh man! Not now!
Iron man vs Iron man...Mei cepatlah dtg! XP Marvel's Iron Man 3 Domestic Trailer 2 (OFFICIAL): twitterurl via twitterusername
A hungry man is a angry man and soon when not given food , will end up being a dead man .
"twitterusername A hungry man is an angry man. A tired and hungry man is way off the scale" <-- HAHA whattt
#NowPlaying Rihanna // Man down.
Thinking hurts man. Goodnight.
shot fired man down
#nowwatching shark man
Download running man. Yeayy
Pissed off man
Dancing with another man....
wtd is wrong man.
Farging full man.
Man fuck that shit
Go where running man
running man now hehe
Finally a plan man
Just watched Running Man :)
Done watching Running Man :)
Mother fucking bullshits man.
Malaysia rules man seriously
Depressing man. T.T
falling asleep aww man
#Nowplaying Juniel - Bad Man
Wear a helmet man
#nowwatching Running Man
Wee third man.
Shitty morning man.
Man fuck these decisions.
Who fuckin cares man?
#nw Running Man Marathon.
isn't this one man?
Look who's talking man.
Fucking smelly man
shyt man alot stuffs
Finally. #NowWatching running man!
Running Man birthdates. twitterurl
Man freaking awkward.
Need to smoke man.
Waiting for man .
Done with running man.
#nowplaying man in loveeeee
Its running man time!
Running Man mode on.!
fucking inhumane man
since this morning man.
Swear can't late man.
Running man encore rn. ???
Come one man utd!!
Finally watching Running Man!
Man becoming Machines twitterurl
Wah wtf man Liverpool
Oh screw you man
Good job Man City!
Family?? Yeah Right Man
Freaking cold night man
That's a lot man
Man lift is fun !!
not complaining. whatevs man
wah cock man
Popeye the Sailor Man
#NowWatching  emergency man & woman
Too strong man Valencia
Every Fucking Time Man
Running man now hehe
neh whatever man.
lol...what thinking man
Back to running man .
I very "Man" one .
And the Man U match vs Aston Villa....... Ahhahaha 3-0 man how can I not love man uuuuu
Glory Glory Man United,Glory Glory Man United,Glory Glory Man United, as the reds go marching on on on.
#PunggolEast #byelection v colourful. Got ParrotMan, M1 Man, AngryMan, Deluded Man, PokerFace, Ah Lian & Rear-end Man. #sgpolitics #siaoliao
Shall watch running man!
watching she's the man ??
Oh man I'm freezing :(
Muscle man!!!!!! twitterusername <3
Crying man tears twitterurl
fuck summary man !
I'm heading out, man
Finally playing audition man.
Gonna watch running man.
Tired of crying man
Running man first.
#nowwatching Little Man #AXN
Now Watching Yes Man
Watchinnnn running man sooon !
finally.done.with.the.xray fuck man
Its too hot man
watching Iron Man now.
#nowwatching Slender Man twitterurl
right now , running man
*earlier lah shit man
No more tonning man!
Shit man. Peak hour -.-
Nothing to do man.
tonight was fun man
Needa start exercising man.
The fuck man
fuck math man
man. it's muthafuckin rainin
the fuck man
Home > bathe > running man!!!
You're fucking stupid man
Craving for MAN TOU
Watching Iron Man today!! ????
home alone man wtf
#nowwatching - the man nowhere
Missing my man sigh.
Crowded as fuck man
Stop wasting time man.
Gonna download running man
fucking piss of man.
freaking 50+ bucks man
Running Man ohhyeahh :D
done with running man!!!
So Fuckin Irritated Man
#EMAzing Man United
These fukkin haitians man
It's raining man twitterusername
Fak my life man
#nowlistening One Man - KJK
So hot man
Get off Bae man.
Wah fuck this man
Done downloaded running man
Not cool man.
Your not a man ??
What's wrong Man Utd!!?? ><
Gastric sucks man.
She can sing man
Regretted coming man.
#NowWatching Running Man Marathon
hais,really heartbreaking man.
Fucking hate abrasions man.
Free Them Kings Man!.
done with running man...
??twitterusername Screw everything man.???
So fucking tired man!!!
Missing the Running Man.
Watching Running man now.
This referee sucks man
Hungry as fuck man
Will Run Man! twitterurl
Good morning Man Utd!
Taxi uncle wise man
What the fuck man ..
Gg man city
Feeling so tired man :(
Man Man Man It's Going Down Next Wednesday The Wait Is Over twitterusername [SPIT GUY] Welcome Home?? twitterurl
"twitterusername Sial la natang bob ni , haha best man win brader" better man gonna beat the best man
Officer brewul use to say " man " after everything " got to class man get back n line man " lol
"running man is lame" "running man is boring" "whats so fun about running man" no one needs ur fucking comment
Describe the best man :p ??? Best man is like Choi jinhyuk teepee just kidding. Faithful man! twitterurl
hais ltr training. fuck man.
Finished watxhing Running Man HAHAHAHAHAHA
shaq is the man! lmfao
Running Man aft this. Yeay
Oh man cutting my hair;(
Kok Man? Sounds so wrong -_-
I hate tht pic man.
Man fuck this is tough.
Watching man city's game later
Mystery Guitar Man is awesome.
Watching Running Man Ep 135.
Chill the fuck out man
Shitty passing from Man United
Walao I'm freezing cold man.
Done surfing. Awesome sesh man.
Ohhh yeah man! Finally freeee
#nowwatching Man United v Liverpool.
gg to ??man after school
Gonna screw up hcfa man.
They calling that bullshit man
the master of wrong man...
Man, gonna be boring Friday!
Funny Man rocking the crowd
Free Kick for Man United.
oh man its wrestling now!
Wedding tomorrow though...man #WOO
Dude its freaking hot man !
Sica for running man. Wow
#Nowplaying infinite - Man in Love
69 more days free man !
White flag man white flag
Running Man in action nowwwww
Omfg made my night man
Limbeh Man of Steel bodohhhhh
Man with futsal cannot separated.
Future is one lucky man...
Running man in action now!
Omg so urgent man shit.
feeling so freaking tired man
whats wrong with u man?
finished watching Iron Man 3. :)
Mmmmmm watching running man later
its freaking hot man here.
Man Wednesdays be so fun ..
"twitterusername Running Man Marathon maybe?"
Basketball is depressing now man
she's dancing with another man .
the teacher's talking bullshit man ~
Its raining man! Thank god!!!!
, im doing tha chopper man
We're flying man twitterusername twitterusername
#nw running man marathon ^^ Harorolove!
On the fucking roll man
Now watching Iron Man 3 !!!!
watching Tottenham vs Man City
Man im bored as fuck .
Watching Iron Man now. Woohoo.
Knn, fuck my hearing man.
Just wtf is wrong man
Omg love her tattoos man!!! ?
fuck it man. *throws phone ?
Man I hste racking leaves
Medicine man going strong twitterurl
Green man on traffic light
fuck man. not feeling well.
Is man utd playing tonight??
freak bitches come third man
This is getting chronic man
Cough got to go man..
I'm a hipsterrrrrrr! Yeah man!
Sialah I need nicotine man
Running Man trending first yeyy
Something ain't right still man
Running man cast this Saturday?
Like woah they pro man
Wa I fucking tired man.
Not watching man city match
Man city already leading seh
She's dancing with another man
??twitterusername I love music man .???
Wah sot! Shit man. twitterusername
every single fuckin time man
Interesting Man city facing Barca
Operating theatre: man world. twitterurl
Fak man,craving for it
Shut the fuck up man
rewatching queen inhyun's man ???__??? twitterurl
rachel is v free man
man of gravity forgot twitterurl
#nowwatching Man United v Fulham.
#nowwatching Man Utd vs Fulham
Need to go shopping man..
Why is everyone dying, man.
Mandi then watch running man
Running man lets go bitch .
Man city dah goal???? Yeyy???
running man on channel u.
Fuck man so fuking tired.
Me: "why not Man U?"\
Man the hunger is real.
The night still young man !!
Nothing can stop the man \
such a hot day man
No running man this week :(
Can't eat anything now man. ??
Oh yeah original Spider-Man.
finally watching running man :') twitterurl
This is killing me man
Wtf man, still not here.
Conics is fuck shit man
Owwww yeah thats true man!
Is running man that nice ?
Just fuck my life man
Watching thinnk like a man!
Yeah man this it life
Guardiola joining Man City? Seriously?
Watching Think like A Man
dad cheering = man u scored\
Shit man dint bring waterbottle
Yeah pretty sorry man twitterusername
Shall continue with running man
Real man use three pedals  ._.
#nowwatching running man with sissy.
get the fuck up man.
What the fuck man, ???????meh?!?!?
#nowwatching running man with twitterusername
Bring the pain - Method Man >>> ?
Man this is fucking painful
God has a plan man!
whats wrg with me man.
#nowwatching Man United v Everton.
#NowWatching Chelsea vs Man U
Running man then i'll crash.
Medical checkup barang leceh man
Body aching so badly man ??
Supporting this Man tonight... twitterurl
This bitch is irritating man
dying for my phone man.
Good job Germaine. Wtf man.
#NowWatching Man u vs Chelsea  ,
totally agree with y'all man
Favourite show? ??? running man :-) twitterurl
Really craving for pratas man.
June that's Tomorrow. Yeah man.
I need my car man :(
What's wrong with me man?
Should've just continued sleeping man
aw man haziq coming over :-(
watching iron man 3 sn
Overseas training soon! Yes man
Running man marathon later on!!
Now watching iron man 3!!!!!????????????
Maybe watching man city match
#nowplaying Man In Love --- INFINITE
Still watching running man whyyyy
Should watch some running man
That place is gold man.\
Shut the fuck up man!!!!
Where's the freaking bus man.
Running Man ep 142 now!
wtf that is disgusting man
Tonight Running Man! Must wacth
Gonna watch running man laterrrr
I have to pee man
Btw take care man! twitterusername
fithriah is so pretty man. :/
Man i fuckin hate twitter
Shall watch running man tmr
fuck this man. screw it
I'll fucking miss Central man
Running man now after months
Man city is raping Norwich.
Not at this time man.
??twitterusername i Fear No Man!???
where's the fucking link man.
5-0 woah man city
man I love being screened
Whoa wtf slow down man
Looking for the ryte man
running man subs out weeee
Moyes better be thinking man...
what was i thinking man
Whats my brain thinking man
Man City vs Borussia Dortmund
Living the life man twitterurl
got stay humble man smh
Wah felt so useless man .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2
This headache srsly gtg man
Done with work yea man
#nowwatching Man United v Newcastle.
Watching man city game alone
Local gig the best man
Idk man, your music sucks.
and Fletcher man! fucking good
Good morning glory Man United.
GDaeRi on Running Man now!!
#Nowwatching Running man episode 189
So fkin tired man really.
I'll be fine asfuck man
Not surprised. Man U lost.
#nowwatching Newcastle v Man United.
Awh man missed it againnnnn :(
??twitterusername fuck this module man???
#nowwatching Man United v Norwich.
man i'm craving chinese food .
What's wrong with twitter man?
Just finished watching Running Man!
I fucking love projects man.
Popeye the sailor man.  Mmm
Im so freakn weak man
Just take the bus man
whats wrg with me man...
tricking slows your man down. . .
I lost my word man!
See ya tomorrow man! twitterusername
So fucking bad news man .
??????twitterusername Man fuck this nigga???
Give me a break man.
This Desmond ra bak man!
Not cool man not cool
So fucking accurate man twitterurl
That range man i swear
going back tomorrow aww man
Running man on one rn!! ??
quake near here. Oh man
Shall watch running man tonight.
Migraine.. It's been so.long man.
running man marathon just now:/
Running Man ep 137 now~
Running Man time ! ep 137
??twitterusername twitterusername Hahah. Pathetic man!???
Is watch running man time ??
You not my man #pushOn
Man that's somebody girlfriend too.
Still waiting with my man?? :)
Coughing like an old man.
Dope??twitterusername Watching Ip Man...???
Anything for my man. Ceh!
what the flying fuck man
No mood to study man
Watching think like a man
Man, twitterusername clothing is awesomeness!
Man That Was Mind Blowing ??????????
Later got man utd match
omg xpeke you're the man...
Popeye the sailor man tututt
You got owned old man!
Project ? Seriously fuck you man ! _|_
#nowwatching Tottenham v Man City.
I'm looking for a man.
Going watch iron man 3.
thats a right friend man.
This is so tiring man...
Watching Iron Man 3!! Yahoo!
#nowwatching Iron Man ||| with luv <:
Annoying sia you seriously man
Gf not mentioning.... Haiszer man.... :(
This feeling is shit man.
Study plus running man! ?? twitterurl
Thanks man! ??twitterusername twitterusername 11pm???
#nowwatching Man United v Swansea.
IRON MAN 3 #nowwatching twitterurl
morning my sweetest man ever :*
Time to watch running man!\
Where are you magic man?
Real man wear nothing. twitterurl
You're pissing me off man
waiting for the right man
But now, one man army.
Man Wednesdays be so fun !!
Can doze off anytime man
Running Man Avengers upcoming Sunday!
What's happening this year man.
LOL bro watching running man
Man the rapping part THAT\
I missed running man today.
Shoulder aching man wtf hais.
wht was i thinking man
Just take it in man
i am the free man !
man what a boring night
Warung Man. The place. twitterurl
running man marathon in class
Forgot SPICE password..shit man
Fucking tired I swear man!
Man United king of comebacks
total rip offnya Running Man :(
I need to exercise man
I need to smoke man
someone becoming a man hah
lol exo on running man???
im trippin fucking balls man
forgoing lenses today. tired man.
Need to start gyming man
Throat is killing me man.
Do Anything For That Man????
fuck man im so annoyed
Now screening Man Of Steel
Man hating this morning only.
#nowwatching Iron Man 3 #vod
7-0 eh man city ..
I wanna shoot myself man
youre in trouble young man...
Now screening Running Man hehe
Now screening Running Man heheheh
wow. Running Man in Singapore..
Running man fanmeet is havoc
Downloading running man episode 168
#nowwatching Man United v Southampton.
Wohohohoho!!! Ayam nya Man city...
Man I got this void.
Need to watch Running Man!!
Watching iron man 3 rn
Running Man eps 126 twitterurl
Out! Loving the weather man
Body aching as fuck man.
sigh just fuck it man
Watching Iron Man 2 ??? twitterurl
Fucking confuse i swear man.
watching man city-west ham.
Feeling sick. Not now man :(
Man i hate mood swings
This silence is deafening man
Running Man Episode 181 now.
(asiaone) Elderly man missing twitterurl
And afterwards watching running man
man city is losing hehe
miss my long hair man :(
#nowwatching Everton v Man United.
Watching ice man again.. sian
Seriously its not cool man
I also got duty man.(>.<)
Bag heavy as fuck man... -.-
man , Such a Turn off -.-
Man up and face it.
this man can sing lawd
#nowwatching Man United v Reading.
Need The Plug Man. Lol
why still cannot text man
So I'll watch running man
this man is not serious
Aiseh man why la why
Running man download complete yessa!
Step fanatic Man Utd pulak.
Watching Dead Man Down ??? twitterurl
OUCH! That fcking hurts man!
Well shit man , im waiting ?
#nowwatching Iron Man 2 #disney
#nowwatching Tottenham vs Man City.
She's dancing with another man.
Watching think like a man.
Watching ip man thefinal fight
HOLYSHIT. nice fucking ass man
mac lunch + running man now!
This charming man | The Smiths.
Done with Iron Man 3
Man?? putting me to sleep!
Watching iron man 3 laterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Not the old grumpy man.
Watching Iron Man 3 tmr?
Done with iron man hehehe
Sugar Man. Won't you hurry?
Man the fuck up bro.
I need a car man
I need new song man.
he ah grown ass man.
#nowwatching Man Utd vs Swansea\
Not sleepy at all man
Watching Man U match now.
Addicted to running man lah
Austin Mahone is cute, man....
Man to watch- Dimitar Berbatov
Man of steak twitterusername #foodfilms
#nowplaying Wide Awake-Man Overboard
Watching Man of Steel ??? twitterurl
lets watch running man laah
and highlights screw school man
literally so fking tired man
MAN, dancing felt really good
just finish watching running man
Back to my running man!
#nowwatching Man In Black II
It is not possible man.
Continue watching running man. :3
Sigh need to smoke man
Running Man is too funny!
Omg tonight super funny man ??
What a boring night man.
Fucking hate 307 man fucking
"She's dancing with another man."
watching iron man 2 now :)
Watching old running man ep ^^
The Amazing Spider-man #Nowatching
Mini trial running man tomorrow ^^
Watsup with the typos man
fuck man. I can't eat.
Arghh this is frustrating man!
Man u playing very well
Evra beasting this season man
????twitterusername Addicted to running man.???
#nowwatching - 60 Million Dollar Man
I hate boys not man.
Shall watch running man later??
right timing man right timing....
Dead man walking // The Script
The COUNTRY, not the man! \
Watching iron man 3 now???
Running man too hilarious already!!
Oh man! Why not celina :(
Saw twitterusername ! Freaking tall man.
21 this year shit man.
Woah man city is good
Man Utd are missing Carrick
#nw Searching for Sugar Man
wthat the fuck happened man
#NowWatching Running man episode 172
Finally exo on running man
been waiting fr months man
whatever man fuck that shit
F off man Mike Chang.
method man - wu-tang clan
Barkley score one today man!
Seriously I'm tearing up man
The POWER of Running Man (:
Watching Dead Man Down now.
Youre annoying as a man.
Lmaooooo what the fuck man
Chynna hush ur face man
Watching best man holiday tho
Not cool man, not cool
Stressing over car issues man...
#NowWatching Running Man Episode 176
fuck the old hag man
Woah! Stunning result man! Awesome!
#NowWatching running man episode 182
The weather last warning man
Watching man u match later .
Yehet , Tonight running man yoww ,
Man. Assaidi shot was. Damn.
Lol She ah trip Man
Wadafak why u that man ??
Im so done man seriously
Too freaking shiok man this
Watching Man. City vs Barca
Study tomorrow, running man now!
Finding lecturers whoa~ oh man
Shall watch running man! Hehehe
Fucking funny man this Borac
Really not my day man
It's time for running man
Never study! Watching running man! \
Watched running man just now. ??
Running man! Otw home now..
Lost weight during camp man ????? .
#nowwatching Tottenham v Man United.
shes dancing with other man..
This twitterusername watching ultra man????
knn what fucking curfew man
Wow taengsic running man pls!!!!
Whr's the fucking sense man
loophole man... big fat loophole...
Stop whatsapping me,silly man.
Always alone here man... Hais.
Bring back the 90s man..
#nowplaying Better Man - Robbie Williams
Need to stop snacking man
english rabak or what man
Gonna watch running man tonight ????
Yunho in Running Man? ;D
#nowwatching man utd vs fulham
off to skate with man
#nowwatching - Running Man channel u
The amazing Spider-Man. #MovieTime
#nowwatching QPR v Man United.
#nowplaying I was your man
Watching Man United game now.
Shall watch running man then.
omggggg that was terrible man
why isnt balotelli playing man
regret knowing you guys man!
#nowwatching Everton v Man City.
I'm sicccck as fuck man..
I fucking hate typos man!
This man is not serious -.-'
This is so heartbreaking man ??
nah cocok! "twitterusername Innocent man"
Bored of fun run man...
Watching Iron Man 3 now
Gonna watch running man later.
tl load fkin slow man.
Okayy.waiting for running man marathon~
Whatsup w mummy & Fara man......
Society judge, fuck it man.
I'm a destructive young man.
continues watching running man then
DAMN. She's really irritating man.
Man it's nice chilling here.
Man fuck a bitch forreal
My poly schedule cmi man.
Yeah man,ngaji is cancelled!
Fucking random tweet today man
Tonight weather iz cooling man
#nowwatching Running Man episode 142
Done with iron man 3
now watching iron man 3 .
You've gone too far man.
I'm not that smart man...
Man it's going down tonight !!
Downloading iron man 3 app. ??
52 year old man...........wow
That's a pathetic effort man
Running Man episode 145 nowww
the buffet is disgusting man
Time to download running man
Wth is going on man
Give me a break man......
Man city buying the refs!
Lord Disick is the man
I love the wind man.
What am I sufferring man.
This charming man | the smiths
#NowWatching MAN CITY against BARCELONA
God bless the dying man.
That was not cool man
Such a beautiful young man..
Time for Running Man! xD
Watching man utd's game now.
Hercules isn't worth watching man.
I'm off that shit man.
Am tired as fuck man
Young man, learn your vows.
man i hear scary noises.
Why am i shivering man....
What is going on man
#NowWatching Running Man Ep 187
But srsly thats disgusting man
Eeee thats not right man.
c'mon man . be realistic here
Wats wrong w them man?
Man killed after buying 'thosai'.\
he's a fuckin mazing man.
I need running man therapy :/
#nowwatching Stoke v Man United.
Watching Iron Man 3 ??? twitterurl
fuck this sore throat man.
just what the fuck man?
Finish watching iron man 3!
Haisss screw this shit man
hate this feeling man ... UGH><
Man city is getting bad
this is so annoying man
Watching running man with BIL..
Man Utd macam headless chickens. :/
Watching running man with family
chris brown damn hot man
Running Man, Welcome To Singapore!
Not cool man, not cool...
Stop slapping that child man.
Bob lu right man. Thnks
I fucking hate eto'o man
Later then watch running man
24 shot for man utd
I hate c-programming man.............
no running man this week
The Amazing Spider-Man 2\
Totally ignoring my phone man.
I hate doing this man
Not the first time man
Head man of coffee !! YAY
man city really doing well
This is not good man
#nw running man(australia special)
ortiz is the fuckin man
Left foot really hurt man
The security fucking sneaky man.
Can Real Madrid score 3 goals when man utd is one man down? Lets seeeee
Man u , be the come back king !!!! Send RM home man !
??twitterusername A quiet man is thinking man. A quiet woman is usually mad.???
Just starting to read fifty shades of grey and man o man #Hott
Got home & see Adik. He's a man now, such a big man you become Adik.
with only ten man , the boys fighting hard oh man such a sad thing ):
So , one man down. Im just one man closer to my mr right.
The spelling of 'man' is mEn and the plural of man is mebln. Not menS.
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah..thanks man see you soon man.(:??? alritealrite.. See u soon bro~ :)
China man?????? RT twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday , china man ?????? see you around at preses tomorrow ??
Man charged with dishonestly receiving stolen money - Straits Times: Man charged with dishonestly receiving st... twitterurl
Dont worry sunday we train okay? RT twitterusername twitterusername Yeah man , i need more improvement man :/
Cheyy.. Running Man peeeee~ HAHA =P RT ???twitterusername Running Man to start off my Sunday. HAHAHA!
So. Man U, Man C, Chelsea and Arsenal are going to the champions league next season.
It's been a really long day. My old man is a tough man.
"A man that cries is much more stronger than a man that fights" Okay..
iron man kangnam HAHAHA plus he do the iron man action to us I CANNOT
Since iron man series ends at 3 like spiderman, will there be the Amazing Iron Man?
Man United final match till the Glory Glory Man United song while carry the cup!
Full time! Tot 3-1 man city! Yessaaaaaaa! Man utd fans are happy now!!
Not this season "twitterusername Man Utd will suffer jitters - Man City coach Brian Kidd twitterurl - BBC"
??twitterusername Man I would hug Rodger too if I got drafted!??? Man
??twitterusername 20 next year wow, really.??? Wow man dont remind me man hahaha
"twitterusername It's raining it's pouring! The old man is snorting!" The black man is cocking
Haha, feels like man u and man city are competing who can score more goals.
Tarzan and Jane swinging on a vine *back ups CANDY MAN CANDY MAN*
Running Man members are greeting the crowd now! & fans shouted I love you Running Man! #RunningManInSG
Who the fuck just outrun Moses. No man. No one out runs a black man
"twitterusername Everything also my fault, just stfu man" yeah stfu man
Mediastorm: Worth Watching #132: Columbus man???s YouTube confession: ???I killed a man??? twitterurl
Fuck,I've been using the word "anyhow" a lot recently man,anyhow man.
??twitterusername YESSSSS !!! Man city 1 Man u 0??? omg whyyyyyyy you support them
embarrassing for man utd fans today but still forever always man utd!! fuck glory hunters!
Man U can't simply hoping Rooney. This ain't a 1 man show...
#Free #Kindle #3: Gingerbread Man: Gingerbread Man Maggie Shayne (Author) (50) Download: $0?? twitterurl
Man who never did mistake is a man who did nothing~
"twitterusername Man the fuck up pussy "twitterusername I'm so emotional rn man""Lmao leave me alone
oh man I just got masscomm-ed! oh man snap snap snap
Ah man, cannot watch Man U's match again :( Just hope they beat Tottenham later tonight...
Seriously? Gotta try one day man! "twitterusername WHOA RUNNING MAN RESTAURANT IN SG CHINATOWN twitterurl
Watching the previous episode of running man b4 watching this week episode of running man
"twitterusername I want to love a man!! Not a boy!! :(" man rock
??twitterusername Shall watch running man??? I love you for watching running man HAHA
"twitterusername "twitterusername Where's my friends?"here man :D" yes man! Haha. Taktidur lagi kau :D
They chose an old man to replace an old man... Oook.. Progressive
Saigon, dirty old man capital of the world (old man, young girl, where is mr saville)
Hopefully I'm able to watch Arsenal game against man city later, fuck work man )-:
That kind of man, is not yet a man. he is still a boy.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. -Albert Einstein #Quote
Running Man next week preview <3 Idols team vs Running Man team twitterurl | via hannahcao
I can foresee that Man U is going to win! Oh wells, Man U mah.. #GGMU
Oh man... I forgot I have no more shoes to wear! Later basketball how man.. :/
Why is everybody so obsess over running man? Lol its just a man running har har
Be the lady that man needs not that lady that need man.
When Redman & Method Man in the classroom and Redman cracking and Method Man saying "Get Em"
#nowwatching Running Man episode 129. Running Man team vs Idol team
#suya and her running man omg till now i hv never ever watched running man. lol.
Once Man City lose today , the EPL will belong to Man United already , haiya ??
Oh man ! Oh man! Why does this drilling starts when I'm having my lull period ?!
Whoa. Big man. Vincent Kompany, Man City Captain got a Yellow Card.
A hungry man is an angry man, and a very angry one indeed.
A cranky man is a hungry man. Patience is a virtue my dear boyf
watching chelsea and man city game since man utd won hahaha ok
Hopefully i can watch Man Utd v Chelsea game. Need to be strong man! #HALACHELSEA
#Free #Kindle #4: Gingerbread Man: Gingerbread Man Maggie Shayne (Author) (50) Download: $0?? twitterurl
Whn i ws ur man ??twitterusername #cumannanya When I Was Your Man / Greenade????
#Free #Kindle #2: Gingerbread Man: Gingerbread Man Maggie Shayne (Author) (47) Download: $0?? twitterurl
Not sure whether is Glory Glory Man united or Good Game Man United #thankyousiralex
"The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions."
#IfYouKnowWhatIMean RT twitterusername I'm gonna be the bigger man. Always a man. Never a boy.
#9: A Well Respected Man: A Well Respected Man Amazon Instant Video ~?? twitterurl #Deal #Movies #TV
"Man alone measures time. Man alone chimes the hour." -The timekeeper
When I was your man.. "twitterusername She's dancing with another man ...."
"A man with nothing to fear is a man with nothing to love." - The Joker
finish up Dead Man Down then I'll go back to being a dead man down.
OH MAN! Hong Kong man goes to the doc to discover he is a woman twitterurl
But you're dancing with another man. My baby is dancing with another man.
"I need a man, not a boy who act like a man!" - Kisah Cinta\
ehh im adding another man in this gallery archive listing man
[INFO] Today Running Man filming Guest PARK MYUNGSOO & IU! Finally Park Myungsoo on Running Man^^ ?????????
The man is right man, I got to do something . Before it's too late .
"A smart man will agree with you, a wise man will back you up." Quite right ;)
Okay its 1736 now. Gg to get ready secara man man
The man getting excited and happy over something that's fiat or the man that walked away?
Love make the weak man become strong and the strong man become weak
i was wondering why the school so nice give free food man - publicity reasons,man haha
What should a real man be able to do? ??? Know the meaning of " Man " . twitterurl
Those ppl supporting Man City, dont want Man Utd win title is it? :B
Haiszer man... parent told me to bring gf along for Iron Man 3 today with family...
Man without football is man without soul. Credits to twitterusername for keeping the night young!
world strongest man vs half man half pig twitterurl #GetGlue twitterusername
??twitterusername twitterusername lol thats up to you young man??? Young man? Aha Good Morning Niaa
"twitterusername twitterusername yeah man! Gonna be a good game. Worth watching. :)" yeah man!
Man United fans that spell them as Man U is a fucking fake fan.
63-year-old man charged with slashing a younger man twitterurl
[CNA] 63-year-old man charged with slashing a younger man twitterurl
??Ambition is not what man does... but what man would do.???\
[News] M Lee Minwoo's ways of self-care, 'How this man lives' - shinhwastuff: this man lives???\
A wise man makes his own decisions. An ignorant man follows the public opinion
A man???s biggest mistake is giving another man the opportunity to make his woman smile.
Love makes the weak man become strong and the strong man become weak.
Baik twitterusername , 1 small step for man, one giant leap for man kind
Singapore got Karate man, IP Man from Ah Boys To Men!
"You bring man , I find man & we watch movies. I rent porno" gsfw.
Man jailed 2 weeks for failing to report death of man stuffed in trolley bag twitterurl
Glory glory Man United, glory glory Man United and the reds go marching on ! #GGMU
glory glory man united ~ glory glory man united ~ ~ *bakar baju MU*
A quiet man is usually a thinking man. A quiet woman is usually mad.
Next Wednesday #WatchTheTHRONE twitterusername .. I ain't gone even say who DJin & MCin .. Man Oh Man !!
In Iron Man 3 trailer, there r a lot of diff folks in Iron Man suits.\
man.. grow up man.. should you understand what they're talking and understand what competition this is.
??The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.???\
I'm glad that Man City won and hope they will soon overtake Man Utd......
Every man dies. But not every man lives. -William Ross Wallace.
Lawd knows that man ain't nun that I need but man I wants.!
Yay! Clique's running man t-shirt! (Though I never ever watched running man)! twitterurl
David moyes is the new manager for man utd haha good luck man utd
Saw a man with super saggy man boobs wearing a short leopard printed skirt HAHAHAHAHA
Watching Spider-Man online. OMG, I miss watching Spider-Man so much.
19-year-old man man arrested for extorting nude photos from woman online  twitterurl
#Free #Kindle #6: Gingerbread Man: Gingerbread Man Maggie Shayne (Author) (53) Download: $0?? twitterurl
Idk y but man utd dun realy look like the man United we use to know
Hoping for man utd vs man city match to end as a draw
??A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.???\
China man wearing a "PUNK WILL NEVER DIE" tee, you go China man
A pikachu plushie with a pikachu plushie man shit just got real man. twitterurl
wtf sia man city.... crazy in epl, crazy in cl. wtf man
AHHH FINALLY EXO RUNNING MAN 131103 ??????? ?????? ??? ?????? Running Man EXO Preview: twitterurl via twitterusername
Off to work. After sooooooo long, I am back to doing stock take. Man man
Supermassive headache and bleeding lips. Man oh man that's nice. No one cares.
I know im not the perfect man but baby im the right man.
Man u, man u, mau. Why you becoming worst and worst?
Even how much I hate man u, I know this is not man u.
Seriously not even a man. Omg real man don't settle things this way. Damn xiasuay
Tyrone spong broke his leg at glory15 just yesterday FUCK MAN WTF :( why man
No one knows what it's like, to be the bad man, to be the sad man;
Says who that man who doesn't drink beers are man that cannot be trusted?!
then I will give up every fucking thing man confirm which now I dw man.
Hope you're feeling better man twitterusername . You the man, keep going!! #football #floorball #basketball #tennisball #:)
So tmr morning Bayern Munich vs Man United. All the best Man U :D #GGMU
watching running man episodes one after anthr, man this is THE LIFE
Man Admits Waterboarding Kids: Montana man pleads guilty to waterboarding 4 children, gets probation\
In twitterusername 's new show, he will answer the question "What Makes A Man A Man?"\
Haha even mum says the word "Man" now man seh twitterurl
Anybody interested in watching "KUMAR: What makes a MAN a MAN" ?! It's R18 though.
"I believe in the God that created Man, not the God that Man created."
But a man does (: RT twitterusername Man up nick, guys dont fucking cry
Thanks so much! Lepak soon man with Hafidz Dd all :-) RT twitterusername Happy birthday man! twitterusername
Hey man, don't tear us apart ..hey man we r all uve got ..love me butch
Cb the Man U vs Man City ad on mio so dramatic sia hahahahahaha
Said "oh man" to dad and he thought i was calling him "old man" HA
You are the man i was dating before i meet the man i would marry for.
wanna become iron man? go down to bugis junction and look like idiot man.
I swear I'm watching iron man 3 the second time man.
Smh man OKC gon miss Russ man ?? fuck this year playoffs lol
Aaaa i've missed Iron Man! Iron Man 2 coming up next!
"Whatsup man! hungry come down sushi man." Can someone tell me wtf is this?
Final Jeopardy - Man vs. Machine and the Quest to Know Everything - Final Jeopardy: Man vs.... twitterurl
Man Utd without Sir Alex Ferguson is not a Man Utd ??
Man, bill shock. Just got a $132 bill for IAP that I didn't purchase. Man...
Wow wow Man City leading against Man Utd wtf moyes hahahaha senile too
Man City vs Man Utd come on united! #GGMU (@ Restoran Singgah Selalu w/ twitterusername twitterurl
A man of his word : a man who tells the truth and keeps promises
So i feel like watching running man tonight. Running man marathon ke pe?! Yeeeesaah
Only the man who is in the truth is a free man
??twitterusername Singapore got Karate man, IP Man from Ah Boys To Men!??? twitterusername Haha!!! ?
twitterurl Mandatory treatment ordered for man who pushed elderly woman: SINGAPORE: The young man w... twitterurl
Tonight got 2 big games in BPL. Man United v Liverpool; Arsenal v Man City...
This year will be either man city or man united,gotta be the reds this year
Its really nice to see this old man giving up his seat to another old man :)
Who needs a man when you have videos of Running Man?
The man who built his own island paradise and other amazing man-made creations twitterurl twitterurl
Just like right man , good man .. In the time and wrong place
Yes man yes man not gonna let it affect me wtf childish childish no balls.
A quiet man is a thinking man. A quite woman is usually mad."
"twitterusername If Man United lose today,  man utd fans will be like '#MoyesOut '."ya la you!
"Try not become a man of success, but rather try to become man of value" \
Idk who kimyoonjung is but A TABI IN RUNNING MAN. CMON MAN......
I pefer the old man utd. Not the new man utd..
man I'm in no mood to do owino's damn homework man I'm still jetlagged
Best Man City and Man United fan reactions to Aguero's title winning goal: twitterurl via twitterusername
Still waiting man damn I hate the f uckn nail salon man damn
Omg I've shoot today oh man seriously I've to stop going to club before work man
The man who thinks he knows everything is the man planning his demise twitterurl
Lmaoooooo man I swear I'm in denial about this man being gay
Bachelor: A man who never . . .: Bachelor: A man who never makes the same mistake once. twitterurl
Ryan Giggs will be in charge of man utd and us man utd interim manager twitterurl
Man United kick off the match between Man United and Liverpool at Old Trafford!
Insults Every Man Should Know(Quirk Books) By (author) Nick Mamatas - Insults Every Man Should... twitterurl
[CNA] Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology: SINGAPORE: An Australian man... twitterurl #singapore
Man I tried to do push-ups man I cried at the second one , shit hurt
I feel sick af man. On the verge of puking man.
Birthday Shoutout to twitterusername man man man.have a blast dear.love you. Muah xoxo! :))
??twitterusername Running Man relationship. So cute!! v/Running Man MalaysianFANSpage twitterurl
I FREAKING LOVE RUNNING MAN!!!! " twitterusername Retweet if you love Running Man! "
Andddd the last song of the night is... *drumroll*.... Man Man Ha Ni!!!! #TTAlive #UKISSinMY
Watching a man running so I consider myself as a fanatic running man fan.Boleh?
??twitterusername Im at yishun man. twitterusername im at teck whye man
#np When You Were My Man (Bruno Mars When I Was Your Man Cover) - Savannah Outen
#Free #Kindle #Apps #10: MAINTENANCE MAN II: MAINTENANCE MAN II MICHAEL BAISDEN (Author) (116?? twitterurl
#Free #Kindle #Apps #6: A Man Overboard: A Man Overboard Shawn Hopkins (Author) (23) Download?? twitterurl
Fabregas throwing Man U shirt..  Believe me or not, he will not join Man Utd."
I was yelling like man down man down pump in distress lmbo
[PICS] Running Man EPI 145 - Running Man VS Law Of The Jungle: twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man... *grito* WHEN I WAS YOUR MAN.
Man City lost to Spurs, so got a bigger advantage for Man United. Nonetheless, #GGMU ^^
fuck man...... maths is so retarded, i can't wait to fail my test man.
Lol hahahahahah shame man ??twitterusername I am actually sick of Man United. Sick.???
Oh yeah I don't need a man I don't need a man ~
[CNA] Man jailed for assaulting and locking up another man twitterurl
Waiting for a stupid black man and a blurr yellow man. LOL
A successful man cannot realize how hard an unsuccessful man finds life.
Confident by my man Justin & Chance the Rapper should be trending man
Lol I don't get it man whats so fun about running man show
Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value.
Cant keep a man ass bitches ... But always fucking with another bitch man ass bitches...
Popularity of the Running Man members, you can't fight that man. they're just too amazing.
Loving the new Jersey man gosh give it up for twitterusername everybody!! :B good job man!
eh chelsea will win lah. Man u eat grass. RT twitterusername Go man utd!! #manutd
??This video will act as my confession???: US man confesses to killing man on YouTube twitterurl
??twitterusername Man Utd vs Chelsea. . Which team will win???? Man Utd lah bro
#Free #Kindle #7: Gingerbread Man: Gingerbread Man Maggie Shayne (Author) (53) Download: $0?? twitterurl
You're the man every girl has been looking for, and you're the man that I have.
TL full w "man utd" "farewell fergie" "no one can beat man utd" ok
Now i'm just fucking hoping that Iron Man 3 & Man Of Steel do not disappoint me.
Man City 4 - 0 Man Utd? Ouch.... that got to hurt...
Be a man and participate in all training . Kita bukan man of steel sia .
Almost 9 wah 2 more hours MAN MAN LAI MAAAAAAN MAAAAAAAN
From a Running Man fan: 8 reasons why we love Running Man twitterurl
[TNP] Running Man fans band together to get their man twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Man jailed for uploading nude photos of mistress - TODAYonline: Man jai... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
54 year old man jailed 17 months for beating up man in coffeeshop twitterurl
Wow 1-0 already. What man city did to man u, they are getting it back
Gotta stop thinking abt man, man, man all the time. Time to start thinking of God, God, God and what He has done!
a) a man who buys his alcohol. b) a man who goes to war for him. c) a man to be a patient at his hospital.-
of the best iron man suit ever: C Rob builds an Iron Man suit. Friend made an Iron Man costume. Was originally... twitterurl
haha Iron Man was awesome man. The last part was serious crazy. Wanted to see Tony in that huge gorilla iron man suit but nooooo :(
fuck man my mom told me to buy my own phone lol. fuck man. really fuck man. i wish I was just 16
A man of the house is the man who helps the family in the household. Not a man who sits and shake leg while ladies do e work .
Man U has been swept down . Still gonna sleep in my Man U jersey . You guys won Man U , not the season
A Wanted Man (Jack Reacher) - A Wanted Man (Jack Reacher) By (author) Lee Child Buy A Wanted Man at a... twitterurl
Berdendang yuk??glory glory man united,glory glory man united,glory glory man united,as the reds go marchin on on on~
That man needs grammar lessons. RT twitterusername ??A boy said to a man ??I want happiness.??? The man said ??Remove ???I??? - that is your ego.
Mubarak was an old man; Ben Ali was an old man; Ghadaffi was an old man. What happened? Young men refused to fight for them anymore
"Cuz see man....a nigga like me man...I love the game I love the hustle man... be feeling like one of them ball players niggas you know"
You know.. A hungry man is an angry man but a hungry man trying to build his body might turn into a beast.
Lastly, I'm really glad that I LOVE RUNNING MAN and know fans who love Running Man! Running Man Family JJANG! ? twitterurl
A man has two options in a relationship: either stand up and be the man she needs or sit down, so she can see the man behind you.
Akhirnya DP Figma Iron Man Mark VII Full Spec Limited Edition. Terus lihat Hot Toys Iron Man Mark VII. Terus lihat Hot Toys Iron Man Midas.
[News] 63-year-old man charged with slashing a younger man: A 63-year-old man has been charged with slashing a... twitterurl
[CNA] 63-year-old man charged with slashing a younger man: A 63-year-old man has been charged with ... twitterurl #singapore
Some Man U fans don't mind losing to Man City cos they don't want Liverpool to close in on the points with Man City? Where's your pride haha
[News] Man, 63, charged with slashing another: A 63-year-old man has been charged with slashing a younger man ... twitterurl
Im standing in the train wearing my man united jersey and this guy infront of me is watching the man city vs man u highlights ! fuck u!
Crisssss hahahah :D "twitterusername And the man it is ? *** RT "twitterusername A man can love million girls but only a Real man can love O
"twitterusername "Don???t marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich man can buy that."" Jyeah
Glory,Glory Man United! Glory,Glory Man United! Glory,Glory Man United As The Reds Go Marching On, On, On! #MUFC #Defiant #Die-Hard
The difference between a smart man and a wise man is that a smart man knows what to say, a wise man knows whether or not to say it...
#Nowplaying When I was Your Man
Good luck hoping on Kor man(: SUCKERS
??twitterusername #nowplaying when i was your man???
Ginger ale is the thing man.
Running Man now at channel 124!!!
Watching Running Man to cheer myself up.
Got ya man calling me mommy!
Feeling so stressed recently man zzzz.
Fuck me in the face man.
Where's all my luck gone man...
This Movie "Anchor Man" Is HILARIOUS!!! #DCMG
Follow twitterusername the most popullar man ever
Wah where did my parents go man.
Finally time to watch Running Man.. :3
#nowlistening when I was your man
just ended running man marathon session ^^
#nowplaying - when i was your man
Aw man plan cancelled last minute
oh man im bored nothing to do
15 points clear of Man City
#nowwatching QPR vs Man Utd #GGMU
the V9 is super hot man!
Running Man with Jackie Chan is awesome!
Man u counter like not bad leh
Man is fishing #Explorace #Epic twitterurl
Can't wait to be free man.
Watching Running Man episode 131 now! HAHAHA
Fak man so humid for what fak
64 rounds not a joke man
"Now she's dancing with another man"
#np that man by hyun bin.
Nyehnyehnyeh, i hate this fatty maggot man!
time to watch running man. ;D
fuck man. u two enough or nt.
Keep playing When I was your Man.
Woaaa flu. Keep it cool man
Fucking shit man last minute plans fuuu
Salt in coffee anyone??? man im sleepy
running man 138 subbed is OUT
Man Jinyoung's baby face I jus
Like whuaaat.  Missed out geog lesson man
old man wearing tribal shirt chalat sia
Target man. Scouting Leo Baptistao twitterurl
dont like to watching running man already...
#nowwatching Man Utd vs Liverpool #MUNLIV
Running man on chnl u hehe
#nowplaying When i was your man
What???s this place man? So witchy
Gunners gonna gun down man city tonight.
Icecream and Running man now hehe
That is so fucking true man
Oh man shahrul idlan bunchettt! XD
#nowwatching Man Utd vs WestHam #FAcup #GGMU
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus\
Gary Draluck | Burning Man twitterurl #photojournalism
Lost weight during camp man ????? z
Whatever man. I should just continue watching ?????
TV man ?????!   #csschannelu twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Malaysian kpop fans are to crazy man!
cannot think liao, brain shut down, man.
130120 Minho @ SBS Running Man T___T \
finally dapat gy toilet. Bestfeeling man.
I'm just a man not a hero.
Done solat. Time for Running Man!
#nowwatching Spurs vs Man Utd #TOTMUN
Nevermind job well done man united.
I hate living in the hood, man.
Totally different working experience here man LOL
Early morning. Got fucked. Wtf man.
#nowplaying the man who can't be moved.
sial la cannot wait for internship man.
Woah damn smart man this guy
The fuck is wrong with instagram man
loeyeol I love you great shot man
aha watching running man @ channel one now
Stoke vs Man City starting soon
everyone go follow my main man twitterusername
#MyLifeIn5Words uggh fuck this shit man
Come back only kpkb. I'm leaving man
Zzz today packed and chaotic man schedule
Time to rock out..ya man.
That Man Was Everything To Me. Smh
??twitterusername My man crush (:  twitterurl Oohhh Weeeee !
trap beats. something about them man.
Fuck man, finger nails are all cracking .
Wtf man is anyone punctual at all
fucking no way in hell man
shit man seeing so many people here
This flu is killing me man
I'm watching Man. United vs Everton.\
????????????? 1???????????????????????? RT twitterusername twitterusername ??????twitterurl one man ???!
Wtf is wrong w you man ??
Later Man U playing what time?
#NowListening When I was your man
#nowplaying When I was your man
Fuck this shit man.. Fucking bias shit..
tall, handsome, tanned, muscular man alert on!
Next game must take team photo man
man how long has it been really
This man in this casino killing me!...
Can't wait to running man. HAHA.
I just wanna slap his face man.
Can't be jacking up threes man
btr go charge my portable charger man
Prev tweet.. awesome story man. Hahah xD
This hot pink cca shirt rocks man .
Watching Running Man now on channel ONE
Watching Man United Match on Iphone! twitterurl
what is wrong with man u today
"The brave man is not he\
New episode of running man :) yay
Guess my best friend iz bzy man.
Kick off ! Chelsea vs Man. United
I want faster free man la nbnbnbnb
myung and man in love concept
My head is gonna freaking break man ??
Ohh yay running man is out!
He swear to god he my man!!
You can't buy me hot dog man!
Man accidentally shot neighbour with air rifle\
fuck man, better be the 10bucks inside.
I swear I'd be a better man .
#nowplaying When I was your man ??
Old man wearing a LINSANITY bball shirt ????????
Finally becoming a soldier, a man. twitterurl
Yo man! See you around campus twitterusername
Connection is being a cock man -.-
Got feel for macarons man like Seriously.
#NowDownloding iron man 3-the game. twitterurl
I hardly experience jams in Malaysia man
Man of steel udah rilis \\m/
#np Little Lion Man - Mumford & Sons
Man fuck all of that though
Like additional another year dafuq man .
The new Best Man gone be good!
Not happy what shit man seriously -.-
DJ twitterusername has got the swag man ??????
Real man wear nothing 3. twitterurl
Sigh. How to find a job man
Get the fuck off man, jinx.
Man you are strong facing your love.
No longer Iron Man 3 virgin, AWESOME.
Aw man frisbee interclass haha okay
this man........ is killing me twitterurl
Hahahahhahahah RT twitterusername Man United fans twitterurl
JWALKERZ all gone ah? Wtfff man
My fuckin heart is hurting man
sa forums what the fuck man
2012 was the best year ever man
Choong ??? man with a big heart twitterurl
Thats two years too fucking long, man!
HAHAHAHA I'm like laughing to myself man
Running Man episode 149 now then sleeep
Omg when i was your man!!!!!! Teehee
Man with "bulu ketiak" is so sexy
Yeah man! True! RT twitterusername Arsenal. twitterurl
Boring man.. Really need aircon la
man Seattle is a fuckin mess.
Im always worrying about Lexie man.
Iron man 3 was fucking awesome !
Football: Man City sack manager Mancini twitterurl
man fuck that exam. and that class
why cant running man eps come everyday :(
6th man of the year : JR Smith
Man utd gonna take the cup tmr .
Yay!! .. Tmrw watching iron man 3 motherfuckers!! ..
Planning to Watch Iron Man 3 :D
man of the match : Nurul Azwan Roya !
Omg Ricky Kim is a married man ._.
Beautiful kimchi fried rice! Wah man.. ?????? twitterurl
#nowwatching Man Utd vs Swansea City
Sica on running man on ONE ! ??? !
Man should have a car license. Okay.
Keep going to toilet. Oh man!!
Iron man 3 , early morning also full !
Who the fuck spammed my Ask.fm man....
Need to rewind the time man. Zzz.
IRON MAN WAS AMAZABALLS GUYS twitterusername twitterusername
Wtf is that man holding penknife for...
Man laptop dah boleh confirm standby......
pausing for breakfast. too hungry man
*dancing wechat* *go with the flow man*
Tonight twitterusername is a free Man .. !! Hhaha
Woman like man who exercise ? Really ? Haha
Yanling & sean go watch iron man ??
Man i sure miss playing tchoukball.
My Running Man T-shirt!! ???? twitterurl
His mama slow man I can't deal
everyone start on prepboard liao shit man
Lazy rich man vs hardworking conman.
Gonna watch running man with le sisterssss.
#NowPlaying Dead Man Walking, The Script
Omg i miss rugby and hockey man
Man i can't wait until not summer
man i need my phone back
"twitterusername Caught Practicing twitterurl handed young man
Watching Sunderland vs Man City..boring shit
Waiting for arsenal vs man utd match.
Sagna's crossing has been superb man
"twitterusername Man riding a pig, 1914 twitterurl
Give the man some fucking respect
Fuck man better not screw up tmr
Prolly need a dose of running man.
fuck man. they are so... OMG.
Hungry! A hungry man cannot study!
Watching ip man on tv. Damn bored
escape plan was super good man.
Man Utd drop points again. #whatsnew
Boyfriend busy business man la . Hehe
whoohoo done with the second season man
Cant wait to face Liverpool & Man Utd
Omg that is just sad man
Neymar Man Of The Match for me!
Learning alot man~ this is more fun!
Oh man... craving for....Mac spicy again..:(
Watching Chelsea game now against man city.
This is f**kin twitterusername man.. twitterurl
Don't Got Time For The Games Man!
Man these vines are killing me! :')
fcking finally no more RT SILVER MAN
Yeah man, here comes the climax
Packing for 3 events tmr wtf man
Waiting for Man U's match #GGMu
so tired of people ignoring man...
yey running man starts now hehe
shall watch running man now yay
Getting PS3 today. ??? GTA V later man
#nowplaying Where I Left You // Man Overboard
[CNA] Man arrested for serial housebreaking  twitterurl
one man make a great different...
wah typo really got to maintain man.
Running man in singapore. Wow awesome.
Really. Who is this Running Man?
going to novena tomorrow. aw man nostalgia.
YEAH!! 2nd reservist liao! SWEE MAN!!!
thanks everyone that came down man
Someone is a man utd fan sey
Man my Bulldogs scaring me .. C'mon Georgia
Thanks man for accompanying me (': twitterusername
Watching Man united vs Chelsea twitterurl
Man tomorrow gone b DUMB #TheCapitol #CertifiedSaturdays
Watch Running Man then do BA hehe.
Can fucking cry man this show.
Rudra started with Aryaputra omg man
My husband! RT twitterusername running man ????\
Running man on Channel U. lol!
#nowwatching Man United v Crystal Palace.
Feeling em heavenly now man SIP SIP
Latest episode of running man tonight!
Craving for subway..it's been awhile man
why aren't we gg out yet man
Man jailed for stealing caged birds twitterurl
I miss running man already. #rminsg #RunningManinSG
Man city dah score? Cepat pe
Omg Defence three stars only man
I need a footlong man #soooohungry
This man finally just got here .
Currently at Benafee village with my man.
What is wrong with this perut man.
Classic kpop. #nowplaying Perfect Man - Shinwa
My Stomach Is Getting To Big Man
oh man f(x) is leading )-:
Hmm. Today got Man Utd match. Yay!
At nlb studying . whats life man seriously.
Yeah man! New sport rim! #BBS twitterurl
Gonna watch running man now. Ma Babies *.*
#nowwatching Man United v West Brom.
Yes ah Man U in crisis ;) ooh
I'm not ready for this shift man
You will rot in hell man
Fuck man lost a swee blue pen :(
nature republic .......... really man lol twitterurl
Lookslike someone exposed you man. Ouch
this is not the first time man....
Youre so annoying you pityful old man
?????????????????? ~ That's how i feeling rn man
Thats not cool, not at all man
Lawn really changed a lot man
Fucking craving for some pies man.
this the jump off right here man
But now I'm dancing with another man...
The Scholar VS the Uneducated man twitterurl
Shall watch running man soon :D
wah gil on running man finally
walking home now. high fall risk man!
It's something about a dark skin man
watching running man made me lmao???
Got china man behind me twitterurl
Happy with the man I'm dating now. ;)
Im definitely buying that Sony headphone, man!
Romeo Santos man hot damn that melody.
Watching Tot vs Man. City yeahhh
Broke the no vulgarities thing oh man
Find your own girlfriend man, fuck off.
Bron just got that vision man
Just downloaded running man episode 184
Lmaooo my cousin is fuckin loaded man
Sad to see man u like this..
This flu got to go man!!!
Clint Eastwood saves man from choking twitterurl
Waiting for man at jrg hq
Man up and face the reality.
Man shut the fuck up lol
Good Afternoon. Man what a long sleep.
Sofia Vergara is something else man
"twitterusername I'm done... twitterurl Yeah this man
Oh man. Back to level 1 - 1
walao the rich gets richer man
How the fuck could you man.
undirect tweet, thats not brave enough man
Why A Man Cannot Have Wings\
Nothing to do after exams man #gimmesthtostudy
The cable man looking Good twitterusername
The man is a big meanie twitterurl
The recent running man episode are boring
Have yet to watch running man
This running man shirt like small only !
I cannot give up like this man.
Told my lean man double fill me
Previous RT. Damn it, I'm crying man
Man I???m going thru it
Ready to see Spider-Man! twitterurl
Craving for Sherperd's pie. Damn man..
This running man episode quite interesting
Still raining man Fuhh love it
fed up with mathematics.Is killing me man.
Man utd vs Liverpool match starting soon!
#nowwatching Liverpool against Man Utd twitterurl
finished running man :D sleep :D
Done watching running man episode 190
[TNP] Man charged with attacking teen twitterurl
Man I wanna try Morphling so badly
Whatever man i'm going back to sleep.
Cutt is a clown man lol
Dad friend just ruined my day man.
Hopefully wont see it again man==
Man arrested for attacking 3 people twitterurl
Man united kalah please. HAHA twitterusername
Now watching bayern vs man utd :)
Hopefully this week running man ade
I hate talking on the phone man
Raddy avramovic to coach man utd?
oh man school, not you too
Argh this is so tiring man
Shooting today!  Tons of lines man!!!!
totally bo feel at all man.
So... time for Running Man yeah
We miss you... Big Man. twitterurl
Listening to Titanium. Man I miss camp :(
Watching Real Madrid Vs Man U Now .
fuck man, now must go for counselling.
Shall watch another episode of running man
#Np dead man walking - the script
Cant wait for 11 March, free man.
I swear I'll be a better man.
Ohh so this is Running Man..
Running man was back to 1938
Running Man with Jackie Chan!!  twitterurl
i hate him man assdog anxyshsh twitterusername
#nowwatching Man Utd vs Real Madrid #GGMU
tomorrow edge camp can watch running man!!!!
this thing is sooooooo troublesome man
Tomorrow I become the opposite sun man
Man drowns during fishing trip twitterurl #Johor
Awe man that's my favorite song ??
LOL Jackie Chan in running man.
Tomorrow starts at 10am , hell yeah man .
#nowplaying When i was your man :')
i want the fourskin shirt man
now watching think like a man
Typical Man U ah this guy
Bb forever with her running man
Man city starting in a while #facup??
Running man just cheered me up (': HAHAHH!
Contemplating what job to find man.
bring me back to yesterday man
Man, my 3G sucks big time. -.-
3G dah macam infrared, fucking slow man.
wingers treating Torres like a target man
Some running man in the loft
man. what is he talkin bruh!?!
Wahhh mcm craving for Macd breakfast man.
Tmr this timing better don't rain man.
What's wrong with my cydia man ...
FT Man United 1-0 Reading #MUNRDG \
??twitterusername Retweet if you love Running Man!???
Man arrested for impersonating police officer twitterurl
havent watch running man new ep
Picking the man up on Thursday twitterusername :)
Happy B'day man twitterusername have a blast! :)
Man what's up with the traffic today ??
Now watching running man episode 136 ????????
Aww man. Early morning got swimming class.
Time to watch running man la guys
Who the fuck shave their legs man.............
[UPDATES] About Running Man visiting Malaysia:\
The fuck is wrong with twitter man
im just missing you man, thats all.
Man this girl pudding me off
Shall nap first then running man ltr?
Trust no man, fear no bitch.
Going auntie's house later. Sian man
Who the fuck are Man United?
#nowwatching the man with the iron fists.
My eyes are red as fuck man
Asiatique is the place to go man
She's dancing with a another man....
Watching Man U vs Liverpool. #MUTV #Channel5
When she's dancing with another man
starting to hate driving man, urgh
Otw home now sialah hate cck man
#NowWatching Iron Man 2 with Yumi
Eww?? Blaine kisses tina???? Not right man
everyone so hot man so hot
130120 Minho @ SBS Running Man cr:Sweet_Swimming \
Haiss,tmr old man not working
Love watching Running Man,how hilarious!!
Morning man! RT twitterusername Good morning
indian man cant stop laughing ??? twitterusername
JDT or Running Man or Homework? Confuse ><
running man is a stress reliever
My hand freaking hurts man zzz
Don't come piss me off man! ??
Running man fever spreads lika a disease .
Romantic and idol and then running man.
there's a flu going around man
Where the hell is teacher man. Arghh
Running Man mission SUCESS!!!!!!! twitterusername twitterusername  #SyazasBelatedBdayCelebration
Watchin running man with muh brotha!
Im man in black without piercing today.
Running Man - Monday Couple Fairy Tale.. GaryRella :)\
The life of Matchstick man #iGag -  twitterurl
Tipping Everton to win against Man Utd.
coming up... MAN UNITED VS EVERTON
Too bored. Shall watch running man
Shall continue to watch running man
I'm watching Man. United vs Fulham.\
It's like qpr drawing with man city
History is not my thing man. ??
You're not worth my time man.
Got rejected by CAAS. Oh man. :(
omg i can't wait to graduate man!
Really want that bag so badly man.
Man I fell asleep & missed everything tonight !
Dzeko forever saving Man City's ass.
Sieg heil to the president gas man
Fucking hot man de weather! Omg.
Mum is becoming a Running Man addict!
the hell is wrong with paypal man
Foresee that Man U will win. #GGMU
Man fuck this slump I'm in.
Man I'm putting on Rick James
This checkup is taking ages man.
Going to rub home after school man.
haiya still so unsure wtf man
whats taking this man so long
Tlg benam man city !! Tlg!! Heheh
Fuck. I hate this feeling man.
Playing some Running Man games tomorrow.
Man u stoke game boring or what...
fuck my life man just fuck it
Inter Milan 7 - 3 Man Utd , hohoho (???)
Beauty is like a fading flower man
What is this old man talking sia..
man. fuck a Thursday nigh day off.
Real man is not you, obviously.
man I love big lots right now.
it's hot for no reason man
My boyfriend is officially a man now :')
Physically studying , mentally in dreamland.. Oh man..
LA Times > Last man standing twitterurl #photojournalism
and this feeling fucking sucks man
Beautiful one touch football by man utd
Sorry, i'm not a Man city fan.
Three days of this, oh man
Working out to distress is great man!
I haven't watch running man! Argh.
fuck yeah horatio is the man
My migraine really got to go man!!!!!
idek whut r u thinking man
man city dominating the first half.
and now watching 'sixty million dollar man'. :)
Being a dj is so cool man
WAH fuck life man FUCK LIFE
Wah seriously dont feel well man
Just pissed off man like wtf sia
My mood is so fucked up man.
Man it pisses me off so much.
The bus is too fucking early man .
Man i am not finna wait here
Lmao This Man Said Big Bird .
fucking hell man.......... ignorant self centred prick.
Omg fuck this shit man x.x sigh.
A boy becoming a man. twitterurl
big strong rough working man hands,,
Done watching Running Man Ep 154.
So excited to see L man.
Watching The Amazing Spider-Man ??? twitterurl
Running man is so scary!!!!!! ??????? Save me!
This is the worst . Man I swear .
Okay time to watch running man!
My cheeks are burning man, fuck.
omgosh this week's running man is hilarious!!
Gonna sleeep latee andd watchh runningg man ^^
fuck the government man. screw yall!
What was I thinking man? HAHAH
?? So sure i miss the big man.
All Morning  #nowplaying That Man- Hyun Bin
MAN SHINee LYRICS ARE RADICAL COOL twitterurl
Iron man 3 was fucking awesome.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername 2013 is fucking fast man!??????
That man is laughing and crying.
Ohhh fuckyeah man . ???? Future guardsmen . twitterurl
What the fuck, 1145 got running man??????
Done watching Running Man ep 141. DAEBAK!
Yesterday watch iron man with free tickets
I have an amazing class man ~ damn.
A Man duties is to be strong ..
Downloading iron man official droids game ! Weehoo
Now sitting for iron man 3
I wanna play bottle running man
Next season Sasikumar become Man Utd manager!
??, just be ah man about it .
Physics formula is killing me man...
Pickup man and off to gym.
james seah is too attractive man
Man i am wasting my time here.
I watch my running man first. Hahaha
This man hooking up our cable
come on man its not fair -,-
Sg weather is just too hot man.......
wtf man freakin love this song twitterurl
Ok I must really stop tonning man
going to fking own mum man
fuck it man. just need to continue
Hope the fatfuck can wake lateron man ???
Thanks for bringing us together again man.
Haven't had anything since morning man.
Odd one out man... odd one out..
Man U is not the same.
Nonsensing about VR Man with Jeffrey lol
Stop punching yourself in the face man....
Never fear man if he bleed too
Everybody's going overseas man... Not fair
Rt "twitterusername Moyes is ruining man utd"
The Amazing Spider-Eating Man #addawordruinamovie
Januzaj starting for man utd tonight!!!!!
Contacts will be gone by tomorrow man:(
Totally not worth it man totally
Starbucks's Hazelnut latte (HOT). Wohooo shiok man!
Wahhhhh annoying man . Wo hen ni .__.
Fuck man going rain. NEEDA RUN D;
Man City fucking paid the FA!
My Phone Been Dead All Day Man
Up watching iron man 2... Still sleepy
Done Running Man, now what to do?
Cb seriously siah stop it man
Kim Soohyun on Running Man! Must watch!
I almost got a pic too man
Man behind all the troll face twitterurl
Yayy iron man three was great!!^-^
I need someone to layan me man ...
Owned man! That girl kena owned!
running man ep in a womens uni
Man u as usual being complacent
But she's dancing with another man.
Meeting man and hariz later hiok
Wah Srsly pls don't ruin it man.
Kimak seriously fuck my mood up man
Dead Man Walking by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
man this is so pathetic of me
So done with English Compo man finallyyyyyy
Watching running man on singtel oh yeahhhhh
Playing pac-man on phone! #oldschool
Laughing so hard at man city
Now Watching . Man United vs Aston Villa. :)
Lek ah. Chelsea we're talkin bout man
Watching Iron Man 3 after school tomorrow.
everyone talk about iron man 3 ...
Time for IRON MAN ! twitterusername twitterurl
I've no idea what to wear man.
Great man great manager simply awesome #ThankYouSirAlex
Running Man is so fucken famous
What the fuck man.. Why Twitter? -_-"
The module is killing me man!
Actually idk man. Crossing my fingers!
it was cissokho man sia wtf.
The simpsons is going down hill man.
Cameras have magic in them man
Elijah is such a noble man.
I'm Loving This Weather Man!! YE$ #DCMG
My grandmas being annoying I'm full man.
Waiting for man u match as usual
Finally got back,time to rest man.
fuck this circuit board design man
Woah lame. Come here be store man...
Running man is so popular everywhere ~
Photo: Closet running man fan, X twitterurl
Been counting down since Jan man!
Running man then i'm off to bed.
Common is one fine man mmmm....
??twitterusername Man im so fucking lonely???
oh top on running man today?
Ah man, PLL screwing with my mind.
riding round w / my main man .
Im gonna regret this next morning man
Wahyu. Amazing Peolple. Amazing Love. Amazing Man.
Life is a one man show
Nice ending :)) I miss A man :((
Fuck iron man sia cool shit
#Nowplaying - Clay Aiken ~Measure of a Man
Hoping man city and Chelsea draw
you're just asking for it man.
#NowWatching Chelsea vs Man City #CHEMCI #SuperSunday
This man Chris Brown got arrested again?
nomnomnom while watching Running man!! ^^ twitterurl
Man Utd starting welllllll oh wait.
"I'm waiting for my man" twitterurl
Seriously man I hate spending but...
Man charged with committing armed robbery twitterurl
Mau case IP4 yg man united (????????.?????????)
#nw Live Streaming Man United vs Arsenal
Fuck man, stop making me repeat -.-
lol man u scouting malaysian players????
Can't download running man ep 172. )':
Should i watch running man tonighttttt
Wtf garena doing man dc-ing everyone
Lmao who sings that song man
I need ports near my bed man......
Man ??twitterusername twitterusername Lol you really do???
Just me and Running Man tomorrow.
Meeting my man for a smoke twitterusername
Man, 63, charged with slashing another twitterurl
My barber is the fuckin man
Who is this calling me man
Wah this china man got 19k sia
Photo: greed: me messaging your man twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername very handsome young man??? thanks.
Sucks man doing guard duty on Saturday.
Gtta get a new phone man.
??twitterusername Someone enter my dm's man smh???
Final presentation and I'm a free man !
Wtf man the gifs omg junmyeon ahhhh
The Amazing Spider-Man 2??(2014)\
man this is draining me out
Iron man 3 with angah #foxmovie twitterurl
Recommended deh lawaknya ??? Delivery Man ??? twitterurl
not in the mood at all man
Supporting man utd just for todayyyy
Bullshit lah Man U. Come on lah
Fuck man this feeling really suck....
This cough has got to go man.
Man Cleaning The Cobra Pit twitterurl
Wtf man he got the ball
Aint no telling bout that young man
im sick witout my fone man #ugh
Watching Total Blackout gives me goosebumps man...
Wtf this is fucking bullshit man. Godddd
Stayed 4hours doing nth . Wth man
Wtf is wrong with singtel man
Will someone get this man outta here
3 more mins im leaving man
Going somewhere with KAA's. Yeahh man.
Damn in the mood to karaoke man
Shall running man my night lol
the song Feel is damn mmdap man
wtf man meeting is still on ugh
I should take up sports man
the Afrocentric Asian, half man, half amazing
Staying up for man u's match
Keep on bitting nails Man Utd .
wtf is wrong with you man
This a effing thing man urgh
Stop pissing man overboard off you cunts -.-
My head is killing me man
Why is Erik doing this man
Just fuck the whole camp already man.
dammit toy r us has nothing man
Watching man United match right now
Watching man u vs west ham
Staying awake for Man U's match
This running man episode is fun
Man arrested for serial cheating twitterurl #Singapore
Alot on my mind right now man
Watching Man Utd vs Bayern later
Man utd should not play so defensive
Faq man the survey qianbian max
...coming from a rich man himself.
fuck man,we're gonna be like them.
Happier than fucking Pharrell Williams man.
Staying awake for man united game #GGMU
How Bayern see Man united. twitterurl
Forgot to bring portable out oh man.
Maths grade not as satisfying man. Fuck
Cause you a loser ??? awh man :( twitterurl
My face is fuked up man
the weather is depressing as fuck man
Watching Bicentennial Man (at Fenny's Room) ??? twitterurl
Man bashing in epic proportions on IG
Awake but fucking tired. Fuck school man
Service the best man omg twitterurl
No running man for this week
Nick Vujicic's book is really interesting man !
Oh man, Vidic heading too high
"Man U fans be supporting Chelsea." \
Aiya What's up with Liv man today
Oh lee you adorable man seriously ;w;
Eh no running man this week too?
watching ip man on channel 8
honestly dunlike the lit cher man
Not enough time in the mornings man
Ima Be 18 Next Year Man
Man of the Match Hendra Prastya kan?
I've unbalanced collar bones . Fck man!
Your man ain't nothing but a buster
running man again.never tired with it
I got the feel for gongcha man ??
Bye time to watch running man.
Young the Giant - God Made Man #np
First time watching running man. Hilarious shit.
Man City, please lose laa sia.
Favourite episode of running man : everything
I just lost all fuckin hope man.
Tee Tee man be terrorizing the town
Newspaper delivery man lends helping hand twitterurl
Paused running man and now homework timeeee
Watched running man and it was funny ????
SK II Aura whitening like awesome man!
Today's weather the best man. Cooolingggg brrrrr
Thanking The Man Above For Another Day .
Carbon is awesome solid animations man
gonna screw things up tmr man.
Mtl lesson is forever boring man. Sheeeshhhhh??
Ain't finish yet microe's exercise man.
Watching running man the ep with myungsoo!!!! ??
what's happening man what bashings ohgad
Aw man , everyone is going out today
Man I miss my other partner twitterusername :(
Now they going out wtf man.
Later big game ! Man U and RM !
Man i got lots of drafts!
Running man with Jackie Chan was nice!
Ip man 3 coming out soon!!!!
Down here by Calnisha playing cards man!
should i watch running man? yesssssNO
Running man?C'mon watch online better
Preacher said he was a good man .
oh yeay, Running man ep 135 finished.
I want Running Man comic book!
It's happening again. Why man why.
is chone showing running man right now?
Instructor's car needs more power man. twitterurl
Man-U vs Reading after this. #GGMU
Man of the match: Safiq Chopot Rahim~
#Nowplaying When I was Your Man :')
Eh not bad uh, Man City losing-.-
Topless man running on the highway.
Everyone wants to spoil my plan man.
I think i'm falling sick man.
Watching Running Man while waiting for baba.
A man w nothing to do.
Done watching Running Man ep 136.
Going to bed after man utd's match
Memorable moment kwangsoo wins running man!! ^^ twitterurl
fuck it man im super tired fml...... ??
Goodmorning. So lazy for car prac man,
#nowplaying When I was your man hehe
what's wrong w the internet connection man
Not used sleeping with aircon man
Time to watch some running man episodes.
Looking forward to this Friday riding man.
This flu is bringing me down man
Chelsea vs Man Utd #FACup #LiveStreaming twitterurl
10 . 2 second is not good man
Playing golf tomorrow hahahais why man why
How many more briefing to go man. ??
I fear nothing but the man upstairs ..
Oh man. Welbeck heading wasn't too strong.
Eunhae is really selling themselves out man
what the fuck man fucking inconsiderate asshole
Declan Tay can you fucking man up
Man of few words and big actions.
fuck man elearning is really boring..
Man U game next (: ! Hernandez starting ! Fuyyoooo
Doing essay while watching RUNNING MAN. GG
Ba is getting better by match man.
Girl you're gna realize you're wrong man.
I think im watching running man twitterurl
Too many things not enough man power..
#nowplaying man in a mirror - MJ
440 whatsapp ! My poor phone man
man on the run playing for fun
Hairy old man in boxers omg noooo
Im not the best man for you
Running man mood is ON . Jyeahh ?
Man United vs Liverpool. Kesian Liverpool.
Liverpool vs Man Utd omg my heart
Now watching Man utd vs Liverpool. #GGMU
I'm a fucking man you idiots
Stop drawing and watch running man.
Fuck im late man, fucking cb
This Man Keep Calling Me Baby????????
I thank the person streaming man
Man... On the brink of vomitting ??
Wot is this man. Stop raining ??
Can't wait for tonight running man marathon!!!!
fuck man, why so many printing -.-
Watching think like a man with Mona
Running Man marathon on astro OneHD :)
fuck man i think i was lucky
Those butterflies in my tummy.weeheehoohoohaha.not funny man!
My new nicknames are coming up man ???? .
man this sucks im taking a shower
Going turn iron man burger soon!
Watching Iron Man 2 on Disney XD!
Just finish watching iron man 2.
#nowplaying When I was Your Man
??twitterusername I hate waiting on people man???
I really want to continue sleeping man.
Thor and Iron Man looks so fly.
this girl too paranoid as fuck man
Watching Iron Man 3 on Wednesday then.
Tmr gg to watch iron man 3!!
Can kill off the whole day man??
What the fuck man, what the fuck
Liquor Produces Horrible Shits Man I Swear ????????
13Points clear of the table. Man united !
Man my room is hot as fuck ?
Man channing tatum can twerk gooood
It's hard, being the odd man out.
Man city vs west ham? Boleh lah
tml,watching Iron Man 3 \\o/
Leg cramp sucks to the core man
two weeks confinement?! what the fuck man.
rewatching old running man episodes because #yolo
iron man three is just too nice
I need a portable charger man.
"twitterusername Ladies, not every man cheats." this!!!!!!!
Running Man with class was great!! :)
I just wanna flee the country man :(
What the fuck man Fazrul Nawaz
Yesssss ahhhhhhh good one Man U!
nick vujicic to malaysia... such inspirational man
Man I Get Bored Just Laying Here!
Wtf man this old uncle zzz.
Study while watching man u match
crying at his perfection gtfo man twitterurl
Watching running man with my little brother.
Hahaha ????????Wipeout Got Me In Tears Man
man up, walking on the moon #np
Even afraid of this young man?
And Im staying at home. Fuck man.
Hope to see bale at man u!!
Running man eps 146 was fantastic !
Wa my hand cannot tahan already man
Fuck, can't wear slippers tomorrow man.  #grad
George is one handsome man ?? #girlytweet
&' my gromo not want/need ah man ??.
Oh man... my photoshop is not working...
This is like studying Geography man.
Man, my finger is so so mmmdap.
"twitterusername Running Man is coming. Concert + gameshow."
Just reach home from wak man place
Left my cigg with Alvin fuck man
Woah I'm such a dickhead son man
I'm Popeye the sailor man toot toot
4 episodes of running man today . Satisfied !
Running man ! Watching the past eps :)
wahhh ravi can really sing man
??twitterusername Man vs Women: Color twitterurl
Loving the new Man U kit
man of the run by #theflyingdutchman
Ctfuuuu I loveee the HEAT man !
My back hurts :( fuck what's wrong man ?
Askfm is losing its purpose man.
Maybe watching man of steel this week
Shall rewatch back running man then
My feelings just got to go man
9 more episodes of Running Man left.
Watching the amazing spider man with family!
How to not love that song man!!!
Ronaldo not coming back to man utd :(((
Shit man tamp raining so heavily
Last man standing I can't believe it
man this is pretty disappointing sigh
Needa do something about it fast man...
HAHA car is a woman-man
Running man episode 162 is out!!!!!!
My right knee feel like shit man
Half an hour before running man !
Oh man. Such a disgusting show...
Here taking care of the little man :(
Runnibg man time! Hew hew myungie again~ ???
My new favourite bar Cuscaden patio man.
Zoe's talkin bout swag now man.. Walaneh,
??I'm Starting With The Man In\
Children record dance cover, HOT MAN!
Shit man . Going sch with bandage tmr .
Hais, life of a hardworking man.
Magic Man | Texas | Hardwick Sessions twitterurl
??twitterusername Man I forgot Free Wop! BLOOD???
haisssss running man ticket pinish already???
see man dis why i started smokin
Hoping a comeback from Man utd
What telah happend to Man Utd?
Man city is dominating the game
17 with no gf,fuck man -,,,,,-
oh man i missed alot of episodes
Kick regi replace with rain man gg
wts man what's wrong with my Internet
fuck man. so early wake up:O
it would be freakin raining man.
Phewwww. It is done man. Gta5
I feel like rewatching ip man
Moyes trying to relegate Man U
Episod brape...  RT twitterusername Running man
Running man//Family watch tv session
Now downloading running man latest episode
Old man wearing fbt shorts *cringe*
Someone give this old man a sit !!
Irritating faggot. Get a life man!
Jyeahhh!! Watching Running man epd 165
I'm a peace loving man.. l??l
"twitterusername Man u can't afford another loss"
Hamstring again. Oh man, I hate this.
Man arrested for serial housebreaking twitterurl
I'm having my man period today.
I'm one hungry man right now.
FML man .. The route march fking shag!!!
why am i not asleep man
Shit man I'm fucking craving for everything
EXO on the upcoming Running Man.!?! O.O
Finally exo is going on running man
Download running man ep 169 later
Your desperate-ness got to go man
When will Ailee appear on Running man?
waiting for running man on tv. :(
Yes running man ep 175 is out
You need a MAN not a BOY.
th amazing spider man 2 SUCKS !
all seeking for attention man haha
fucccccccccccccckkkk this 2o degree weather man. ????????????????
This riot is actually fcking serious man
Football: Man Utd unveil record revenue twitterurl
Man I really want the sonic screwdriver :(
Jaime is so fucking cool man
I've only been reading your tweets man
no will watch running man instead yay
Wtf man i was just being nice
[TNP] Man stabs girlfriend with scissors twitterurl
Most Irritating Shit Ever Man I Swear
It's like don't leave me hanging man.
Spurs is more threatening than Man city.
Man city fucking chroming spurs la
I'm a man of my word ??
Just finish watch '60 Million Dollar Man'
Wearing the Man U jersey #excited
Yessah man city losing go sunderland go
#nowwatching Man Utd vs Arsenal #GGMU
"twitterusername Watching sunderlandn v man city. Haha"
Man... Yall doing to much lol
oh man this isn't going well :(
Man Jax Gone B CRAZY Tomorrow !!
Time for running man. Goodnight all
??twitterusername Fuckin tired of this shit man???
Oh man. Got caught by the rain.
irsyad hardcore for running man siol
Trying to be a better man.
Waiting for Man U match to start
take a chill pill man seriously
Memorning every man and sexy lady...
Shit man c leading batten 3-2
Why is the link broken, fuck man
this queue need to get moving man
wtf man this is so fking torturing
Like shut the fuck up man.
This pfp shit is damn confusing man
Just finished watching iron man 3
I Am not tired at all man
#NowWatching man utd vs west ham #MUNWHU
Wasted half my day sleeping man...
studying and well idk man fuck it
Fak man diarrhoea at this timing fak
Watching Iron Man 3. Aaahhhh RDJ.
what d heck neelofa's wearing man
pissed off man srs fuck off
Clint Eastwood saves choking man twitterurl
"tall man can't stop loving short girls"\
"tall man can't stop loving short girls"  \
Have fun at Man Overboard tonight!!
MAN OVERBOARD time to sneak in hehehehee
the giants are throwing trees man. trees.
aerospace ? man im having a hard time
prev rt, have to agree man.
Man utd is playing seriously like fuck
"You're looking for a boy, not man."
The man raging bout his new cap.
Finally done with my application man
Creepy old man in Yishun wtf
That's Phone Call Got Me Thinking Man.
Rumors of Man City signing Pogba?!
Quit retweeting them fake ass pages man !!
Watching Running Man ep 176 while otw
See ! Who's the last man standing !! HAHA
#nw running man ep 180. pretty excited.
But she's dancing with another man? \
Gucci getting me thru this night man
HAHAHHAHA!!! I cannot take it man twitterurl
What ever happened to Merah band, man?
Also watching running man in the train
I got a heart too man.
I swear I'm gonna regret this man
What a pretty face for a man
What the fuck happened to man utd
Man U pls fucking win la.
watching Running man with le siblings . haha .
Idk where this coughing comes from man .________.
Russian girls are bad af man
And it's 2NE1 turn on Running Man!
What a comeback sia man city.
o man i forgot to shave
Anyone have downloaded running man episode 186?
Man that was fucking funny ah
This needs to run faster man..
Insensitive people are so annoying man zzz
running man ep 189 now hehe
Man utd having the better ball possession
I need a new phone man.
I burned my shit off man twitterusername
3 o'clock traffic ain't no joke man
Fucking hot. Really too hot man.
Photoset: corbeauxtube: Feeding a starving man. ?? twitterurl
My Man Thad Young Had 23 Points !
Tmr math test . Gonna screw it man
Wah nani should score today man
My sickness really last warning man. Grr.
??twitterusername twitterusername awww cheer up man!???
cant fucking wait for chalet man
Hope this iphone can work man.
Cannot sleep . This is boring man fuck
fuck off from Man U Moyes. NOOB
Just waiting to start working man
This man got shot in his back
all man dream: but not equally.
This book is really interesting man !
I love being in Chicago man
lol they using macho man theme music
My ex gives me fuckin anxiety man
#Nw Delivery Man . Such an inspiring movie !!
"Man ain't nobody talking to that girl"
Iron man 3 coming out in april ??
Waiting for 0130. Man Utd / Reading
Waiting for Man UTD vs Reading
#nw?? Man United vs Reading #MUNRDG??
Done with running man. Time to sleep.
waiting for the world's slowest man. twitterusername
Fuck everything tonight just fuck it man
Done Wrecked My Car Man Smh .
HAHAAHA ???????? RT ??twitterusername Fucking hate wasabi man.???
Wohoooooo infinite damn fucking hot man.
Running man round 2 hehe yay
Wah this phlegm got to go man.
Waking up every hour really sucks man...
wtv that floats ur floating cap man
Winner of round 2 running man ! twitterurl
Watching running man new episode! Hehe
Finally catching up on running man ????
fuck i hate iron man tho
Man In Love now on Music Bank #????
Can't wait for running man hehehe
Whit better get off my man chris.
??twitterusername Colorful Running Man Cr:catforte [I] twitterurl
Too damn hot in the MRT man
Now my baby's dancing with another man
Mrt is moving way too slow man..
Ip man- the final fight. Nak watchhhhh
Man I got school Wednesday &' Thursday /:
#nowwatching Chelsea vs man u with papaaaa
Hoping for Chelsea to defeat Man Utd.
fuck man how is this fair
my nose is burning hot man :'(
I really cannot take it man!!!
Oh man! Stomach not feeling very well
Man i've been feeling really tired lately. ??
I am facing the earth man. ._. ?? twitterurl
Found a new addicting yeah man
#nowatching Running man episode 140 (Y)
Wifi is being a bitch man. Seriously!
omfg , i need to breathe man .
Man i love this big fans
Man I Was Enjoying that Nap
This is damn annoying man seriously. Wtf.
#Nowplaying The Man Who Cant be Moved
cheryl is so annoying man i cant
Man wtf am I even talking about.
Lord knows I hate funerals man fuck !!!!
Annoying sia this man. Gosh. So damn *********.
Let's watch running man for a while
That's not training! That's torturing him man.
#nowwatching Spurs vs Man City #totmci
Man running out of pictures to post :(
You fucking have no guts man
pork chop is the best man.
And i dancing with another man :)))))))))))))))
Still haunting me sia. Wth man.
Programming essential is a headache man..
Ill take your man again *Joseline voice
Wtf man , all the kpop freak !!!
Craving for new iron man burger!
Iron man 3 and Thor 2!!!
Didn't watch running man for like months ????
Okay okay, need distraction. Running man~
All watching iron man 3 :( i envy
Gonna watch iron man 3 with girlfriend ?
Watching iron man 3 with bruhs
Iron Man wait for me bebeh ;)
Thanks for the scar man! twitterusername
Watching Iron Man 3 later on.
whatever man, going back to sleep. goodnight!
Iron man Hot Toys in Bugis!! twitterurl
Fuck man I need to pee desperately
With cik man and uncle simon nowz
Watching iron man 2 in movie2k now ~
Watching iron man later at causeway yay
Commercial break. Man, tweeting is tiring! #thefinal1sg
OMG this Indon movie veh sad man
What the frack you talking man?
Dying from a bad cough man..... ??
Mystery man in the sun twitterurl
Iron man 3 looks interesting twitterurl
Udah 2 hari man to the creett..
this hiccups got to go man seriously.
Going to fall asleep anytime man....
Ahaa this is so sweet, man.
Hahahaha getting crazy here man. With twitterusername
this is so heartbreaking man sigh
man i'm going to take a bath
why take someone creativity, seriously man.
[CNA] Missing elderly man found twitterurl
Waiting for man to get back sigh
Ionic bonding? Why not iron man bonding
Although im not man u fan
Kbox at cck... Been so long man.
Possibly watching Iron Man 3 tonight.ouhyeeaaaaa.
What am I doing with life man.
Cheeky Man U , play counter attack eh !
Man U already the champion? Nothing new.
I LOA became everyone LOA. wth man.
Watching man utd match later. Weee
Watching running man in the morning.
Ok enough snapchatting for now man...
Wow man u doing so well tonight
Josiah Hawley #TheVoice! His hot , man ?
Real man wear nothing 2. twitterurl
I'm A Blessed Young Lady Man ??????
Not cool man this is unfair hahaha
#32ndMongJiDay ^-^ Cutest ace in running man!!!! twitterurl
Laaawd , Tyrese one fine bald man
Man being lazy is not an excuse.
Nikki got grown man bars tho lol
I cant get along with china man.
jonghyun man in black in sg TT_TT
I was doing my research man....
That pakcik jn is awesome man
Morgan don't never answer the phone man
oomf done told me it all man!
Should Man Utd risk playing Wayne Rooney?
I am that one man army
running man with the whole family lol
2-0 In your face , man united.
busybody sia. just back off man.
fug man paris already left also :(
Gonna watch running man latest episode later
you got the wrong person man
wah the quality sucks big time man
Man that was one good game
wah I'm addicted to math man
Real you bought the wrong welsh man!
God Is Really Blessing Me Man!! #DCMG
#nowplaying : when i was your man
we sarang each other man XDDDDD
stupid ansley still can watch running man
oh man this is so inspiring twitterurl
Nw waiting for running man to strt.
"Rumble young man, rumble" - Muhammad Ali
Interesting game, man city vs Southampton
Keep having the wanna puke feeling.. Man...
Should not have say it out man !
Running Man episode 130 is really good!
#NowPlaying Whine - Enur ft Beenie man
omg i can sleep while standing man (?.?)
Let the running man love spread people!
Mcd for dinner. Heck yeah man.
Wtf this is not cool man
Cousin's bf keep texting me dafug man
Kick off : Man utd vs Everton
Watching the man u everton match now!
top class defending by man utd
I gotta feeling man utd will win
What's the plan for tmr man
I'm watching Real Madrid vs Man. United.\
Man U got lucky there. Khedira ALAMAK.
Activation code invalid. What the fuck man
something is wrong man. what is this
Me : Eh mum that man got cancer ? \
Someone extremely man today ehhh twitterusername
thats it im hooked on running man
#nowplaying #np When I was your man
Heard a man shouting & a girl screaming.
My naked man is distracting me. twitterurl
yeah man. where's that contract Roman?
omg tom hardy you hot hot man. :*
Why they disrespecting this man relationship though
SIDETRACK HABIS!!! End up watching Running man.............
#IWishIcouldMeet this botak man in Juvana twitterusername
Man of Steel is coming out. Yayyyyyyyyyyy.
Waiting for Man Utd vs QPR
Watching man utd game on my phone
Ready to see my man though (:
#nowwatching Running Man episode 135. Jackie Chan!
Watching Running Man Jackie Chan episode. ??
I see Jose Man U interview continues
Man fck it I'm chilling tonight!
Fuck man, im turning into a monster.
Where the fuck is the cab man
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Running man on one rn w sis! ??
Tulang for dinner!? No way man!!
Someone gotta help me with math, man /.\\
Morning saturday! I am speed air man!
I be weak at simple btchs man
Lol. Jk. Fuck off Man United. #leggo
Man U long balls are awesome
Danger sia!!! Lucky escape for Man U...
Really wan a car licence man
Laughing to myself watching running man! ????
full grown man acting like a girl
So cold. Wearing my iron man hoodie.
You promoters should stop pestering me man!!!
fark twitterusername for not coming man
#ForOneDayIWishICouldHangWith. The Running Man Members. Daebak.
This week's running man! Winter olympic :D
130120 Minho @ SBS Running Man ;AAAA;\
Weird man kept yelling 'McCafe! McCafe'
I'm watching Tottenham vs Man. United.\
Running man on channel U nowww!
It's like a touching man the video
Yeah man spurs vs manutd now #repeat
No more Acer shit man... Fking hopeless
Been watching running man from just now
Why Is This Man Talking To Himself?!?!?!
Watching Tron Legacy now! Aw man memories. :')
I need to find a job man ~
Great run man. Better than yesterday.
Zaha to Man Utd!!!not yet confirmed
Demoralising yourself doesnt bring you anywhere man.
your not a man of your words
Chop this Indian man face alrd.
But she's dancing with another man
My strong man <3 #Happy28thParkYuchun #28thYuchunDay
So let's watch the running man hehehe
Why can't 2ne1 be on Running Man??
Man, I eat a lot today. Alhamdulillah...
Need t stop eating so much man.
Shall watch Running Man after dinner! ??????????
No mood for anything already man, hah
Thanking The Man Above For Another Day ????
The heat been flopping all day man
watching running man in class :B
Come on.. Break time man.. I'm hungry
I'm fucking artsy as fuck man twitterurl
Lets movie marathon and watch running man!
The rain and lightning is godly man
Damn this movie is classic man
#nowwatching running man latest ep! Hehe
MAN "XOXOPlanet: BaekHyun at #2013GGWorldTour Yesterday. twitterurl
Ubisoft is killing this shit man
Really ? You single now ? ??? Yeah man twitterurl
Break time watch running man bye
I wish my loveee was here man !!
Oh ya, old man stop whatsapping already :)
Fuck man ! I am freaking late already ..
I swear this is the best man!
Wtf man.... Torres should take that penalty!!!
Have not watched running man 155 yet. :(
Watching The Tall Man with twitterusername
man in love disappointing please get out
Marathon Running Man . #nw ep 169.
Dloading done!! Time to watch Running Man.
No this is not happening man...no.
Just for today, im supporting man u
Running Man time on channel ONE!!
Wtf man Christmas is coming soon
[TNP] Man stung to death twitterurl
aw man i miss sg accent!!!!
Watching Man Utd's match at Mac now
Last round of running man hahaha yey
This show is cracking me up man
hes a big man but hes charming.
Bodyache & headache. What a combo man
He is one funny nigga man
Watching running man asia race in vietnam ~
but she's dancing w another man
Gonna spend the night watching running man
It's over. I'm a free man.
mumford and sons - little lion man
Man U will fucking win Cardiff City.
omg rain rocking the stage man
Waiting for MLM and RUNNING MAN
I love this banana shorts man.
??twitterusername Man.. I'm feeling down tonight.???
'Magic Man' Moreira plays down the hype: \
Portugal.The Man new album is fucking awesome!
Running Man is always the best.
You'll never stop freakin one-man army
walao cannot watch running man 168.
Januzaj man of the match lah siaa
Next week running man at singapore expo
#nowplaying When I Was Your Man
wow The Heirs is fantastic man.
What a big rain!! Oh man..
atikah should bring her egg tarts man .
Gosh give me a break man.
Man i got to think straight ~
I miss Running Man members already :(
131025 ???????? ????????? : Candy Man! (Jonghyun Focus): twitterurl
Foo fighters were the opening act man.
Running Man on U-Weekly! twitterurl
Man Utd Utra Attacking mode on
Vines are all really entertaining man,totally.
Man u bought the wrong Everton playmaker.
Now database got problem, what's this man!?
I need a new shoebag man.
What's the big hoo hah man
This man is being fucking creepy urgh
"twitterusername Result coming soon. Oh man" goodluck :)
What wrong with me today man urgh
fuck man, was enjoying the match.
Frustrating morning man. Out of electricity
I shud go for a jog man.
Staying awake for Man U's match #GGMU
this old man teacher quite welllllllll.
i just fucking hate you man ughhh
Wtf is wrong with the 3G man
Man... The music brings loads of memories
Nvm. Got Man United game later on.
mass run tmr. why man why
Running man ??? This one alot leh! twitterurl
"twitterusername School? Fuck off man"real fuckoff
homed aft.wedding super hot and tired man
Meeting the man later for......FOOD.
Fuck man, got work later on.
They playing space man in Velocity haha.
Kinda pissed off though. Like wtf man!!!
Classic Hong Kong movie man twitterurl
Starting with the man in the mirror
Oh man. Suffering a runny nose. :(
Been losing since just now man
mata my baby. welcome to man utd
twitterurl Cho Kyuhyun - the man I love
Running Man x MissionX...BISA JADI!!! > <
2 years man 2 fucking years.
Wah i hate this feeling man
Ajak Man of The Match ! wohooo !!
"Kakak is a man." What...seriously bro? -.-
Let The Man See His Seed WTF
fuck man i rly miss that
Nwathing running man australia version twitterurl
the teacher damn cute and kewl man
Lols man raging at ws group
Why is it a daily thing man
Last Man Standing by Will Champlin ??? twitterurl
Man u inviting Liverpool to attack sia
Tmrw not going school..yeah man!
i should watch running man ok yay
Downloaded running man and 2 broke girls .
They just piss me off man.
asdfghjkl idw see your face man
Fucking Man City n Liverpool won
layan running man can reduce my stress
Why so many assignments coming up man .
Man it's going down Saturday #FactsOnly
Leave that man alone lmfao twitterusername
Fucking china guys, screw your generation man.
Thanks for coming today man...ahaha twitterusername
Some Man Getting In Trouble Tonight
damn that teacher's ass was smoking man
Fuck this feeling got to go man.
Oh fuck offf man city cb
Hoping a better man for you.
wah dk if will be late man
MAN that's disgusting I shouldn't checked
Bullying the little man! #RayyanRidwan #Nephew twitterurl
That car was close man fuhh
My mom's so freaking cute man.
Who's watching man city vs Chelsea later?
Omg thats just so sick man!
Running man episode 191 is out??
My ex is so trifling man
Soshi episode of Running Man on TV2
Get your fuckin shit together man united
I can see man united players frustrated.
Just be a man and speak up
damn man united. hats off to mata!
How to clear this up man
My man I'm crying because.....?????????  twitterurl
The amazing spider-man on HBO yay
I was having dreams man lmao
Photo: Wearing my bad man socks~ twitterurl
need to go for a run man
Need to man up big time
He is working that young man
Ironman lepak as ever. That's ma man.
Kroos and Reus playing for Man United\
Man the Good Ending is sad
Watched The Amazing Spider Man 2. \
This mr tang horrible teacher man
I come wait my iPhone 4s man ^^
It's time to watch running man
I'm rooting for Arsenal & Man U tonight.
gonna watch running man nw, #tweetlater
Man, what the fuck are you thinking?!
Sape menang Man U vs Liverpool td?
Almost forgot there's man utd match today
I'm tired of being your tool, man!
Feeling uncomfortable with this man beside me
i need a talented wing man.
Fucking loser for love dramas man.
My Tattoo Man Going OT Thursday.
Wah.. that Oscar, not man la.
.twitterusername put the smiling man logo. lolol
Man and woman can be a bestfriend ?
Previous rt. Hais. Bocor rahsia man.
Miss that young Kurdish man. Haha. Ooops.
omg he so cute man. darn it
Yaaaay Running Man on channel 124 now!
i should watch running man too.
Yeah man, too much shit is ridiculous
oh man .. mom jus called teacher :/
I miss twitterusername more than anything man
Watched half of Running Man Epsiode ?
#NowPlaying twitterusername - When I was your Man
A man version of gold digger #IniSemuaPoyo
Man. Noone can hold #1 in ncaab
My Son Is Driving Me Crazy Man .
Follow ya man on IG @ SkyWalkerJones #FF
funshion have ah boys to man leh!
Odom is eatting bird man shit tho!!
Gonna watch running man all night long
Wont be watching man u match Tmr:((
Feeling so full now! Happy man ????
I want my new phone already man.
Man Utd's fan surrounding me .. Oh please ..
cousins watching running man downstairs hahahah ok
So bored. Shall watch running man
#nowwaiting Man U vs Real Madrid
First time feeq peng man utd!!
#nowplaying when I was your man
I'm not ready to be a man
. Man?? My Praise Shirt Already Not Fit??.
Wtf is happening to this world man...
This tat man swear he black. Lol
I'm buying those red glitter toms man
Awesome episode of Running Man (Y )
oh breakdown is not bad man...
Pekchek after watching Running man... Sigh
Man who helps run brothel jailed twitterurl
keep calm and watching running man.
When i was your man , this song .
Pissing me off man this boy
feeling so weak.. I hate it man.
Fucking worried , mum is sick man :( !
What on earth was I watching man.
missed lots of running man episode
time is flying too fast man
His man "thing" was just moving lol
You made a big mistake there man..
#DontBotherMeWhenIm watching Man United match! #GloryGloryManUnited!
come on man it's fucking 2013
#IWishICouldMeet all the Running Man members! #Daebak
Why this feeling man? Cheer up..
This rikishi man thing quite disturbing lulz
Watching Running Man to cheer myself (:
eh sial ah. twitter defaults man.
#nowwatching Running man ep 135 JACKIE CHAN
why would you read our sms man
stop watching me government you suck man
' Spot the man flying high ' ?? twitterurl
idk which phone to get man seriously
Serious sia i feel so old man!
F man !! My throat fucking bleeding sia !!
Running man eps 135 now on lappy! ??
My running man team without gary ??  twitterurl
Re-watching old running man episodes!
fuck man why is it Monday tomorrow ??
Exchanging number? Just go and die man ~~
Not watching Man Utd vs chelsea.
I'm watching Man. United vs Chelsea.\
Watching Man utd vs Chelsea now !
I Need My Eyebrows Done Man .
Doesn't that look like a drowning man?
Watch Running Man new episode! <: twitterurl
sigh because mum deleted running man
What kind of friend are you man.
This is soooo unexpected.  Goodjob man
I'm watching Man. United vs Reading.\
Everton vs Man City coming up #bpl??
Ouh man not the itch please.
Shit man not my day really
Pasir ris raining? Yishun downpour man.
Man it's so got damn cold smh
This man!! Bastard lah her friend!(>.<) twitterurl
No dun get high on her man
Wah shit man, injured my knee
My Fucking Nose Man! 5th Time!
My eyes is burning man hais
omg who was spare tyre man?!
Having flu and cough man this sucks.
Not cool man, really not cool
#Nw running man record punyee. hahaha :D
gonna watch Running Man episode 138 now!
Gonna chiong for many crop tees man.
Omg Kris where are you man seriously
Running man gonna be over ehh?? Serious??
You See Man this is VARANE
Where are those naise song man?
srsly..gastric problem back. whats wrg man.
I love being a YES MAN!
Time to watch my running man! ?
Oh well time for some running man~
i need new tees for skating man ??
ig user iputsocietyonmyback love you man *:
oh shit avengers running man #cool
Shall just chill the fuck out man
Meeting Man to have our dinner/supper.
#nowplaying Dead Man Walking - The Script
Yayaya RT twitterusername This is BULLSHIT man !
Can't wait for term break man
Hahah what is this man. I'm starving.
2D1N is srsly not enough man
Juan man of his word . Haha
I'm so over this fling man..
The players are freaking tall man. Haha
That's not cool man, not cool.
Guess who's watching Spider-Man again ??
I'm not a rapper ima business man !
Aww man, missed the traffic light
#np ???????????? so addicted to this song man.
The girls are sooo hot man
The weather is a freaking bitch man.
Your perangai seriously got to go man
delete everything man i fucking mean it
This is not really cool man
Done watching Running man ep 145
one big hell of a sigh man
Always finding the good songs man.  \
Running man on TV 2 ? Lol fancy
Man City is parking the bus. Zzz.
eh fck man, connection down again
Thanks for the morning call man twitterusername
#NowPlaying When I Was Your Man
hi boyboyjosh :-) ??? you're scaring me man twitterurl
Man I wish it was hot outside
"twitterusername #ThingsThatIrritateMe not watching iron man 3"
"But she's dancing with another man.." ??????
What's soo good about Running Man?
Cant wait for this wedneaday! Filming man!
Man utd is going down the drains
Watch iron man 3 then bo jio
Keep playing 'When i was your man'. :')
Oh man.. i have difficulty bathing leh..
*pasang trailer Man of Steel on repeat*\
#nowwatching Man United vs Aston Villa #munavl
Gonna wear the Man U kit ^^
I just want my fucking phone man. -_-
Takes two hands to fucking clap man.
#nowwatching Man City vs West ham #mciwhu
#nowwatching Man City v West Ham.
Sounding like a man today. #ihatemyvoice ??
Watching iron man 3 tmr with love
Iron Man 3 is freaking cool laaa
Watching Iron Man in bed hehehe
Lemme leave this young man alone .. Frfr \
He's such a likable & amusing man ! ????
Get well soon my man! twitterusername twitterurl
What the fuck man. What the fuck
#nowplaying when i was your man
Man that hair freak me out
Whats wrong with my stomach today man
Im Stressing Over This French Toast Man !
done with revsion. running man time!
I shall watch running man first too.
Man how long am I asleep?
"twitterurl is this Arirang news anchor man?????
Didn't judge. She can sing man. twitterurl
Fucking love you man twitterusername #yeahdude
The traffic is so fucking bad man
Man who tf am I following lol
i cant stop crying man why
finally done with project . SO RELAXED MAN .
Finished watching running man ep 184
Oh man got a few mistakes huhu
shit man, i hate wearing specs.
Man,what the fuck is going on?
My throat is literally killing me man.
Why Man Utd in trending ? O.o
I feel tall wearing this man hahahaha
Aah man I love my peeps though. ???
Can't take a shower man. So cold.
Looking back, man i was so dumb
The hill it's like 45degree man..
Man U aiming for Toni Kroos
Shut the fuck up already man sheesh.
I fucking hate your attitude man.
My off dayyyyyyyyyyyyy :((((( fuck man im pissed
Not proud to call myself a man.
Cardiff vs Man U ; Supporting Cardiff
Now watching Man U vs Cardiff \
Tuesday afternoon w running man. #ep172 twitterurl
Man, I got your girl deep throatin'!
Man chooses phone over girlfriend. twitterurl
Fucking scared for tomorrow man... Sigh
Fucking hell man cannot tahan the west
my neck is so fucking sore man
Can't wait for running man ! Yuhuuu
I think moyes is destroying man utd
Enough with the.twitwar guys. Be a man
This Charming Man by The Smiths ??? twitterurl
This friday running man ada exo yowww !!!
This mth roster is screw up man.
Done fifa 14-ing with Man.
Who the fuck is it man
fuck finals man gimme that break
Gingerbread man! @ Far Far Away twitterurl
wtf is wrong with twitter man
this man in glasses not handsome
This hunger is distracting me man.
wah 1-0 to man city already.
Dragging myself to sch yeah man
Fucking hell Man Utd lost to Sunderland
Justin Bieber sleeping with Australian man?? - twitterurl
Fucking hell madison pettit is hot man
Sunderland is leading against man city.
man u showing determination sial. i like
Man U's attack is one motherfuvking threat
but fuck man, i was deadly asleep.
"twitterusername [Preview] D.O. on Running Man twitterurl
Fuckin white people man.. Lmfaoooo twitterurl
Miley dun goofed with her eyebrows man
Catching fire was so good man
this week running man damn disappointing lol ._.
Someone shld bring Chrome Hearts in man??
Wtf is wrong with you man
I want a man. Not a boy.
Man U leading 3 - 0 now.
this us like post meal exercise man
Man jailed for pawning stolen jewellery twitterurl
Oh dear lord im so afraid man >.>
OMG miss working in SB-Nex man!!
I can't wait to smoke omg man
nobody touching me in PAC-man
Man Idk What's Wrong With Me
Am I ready to take man
Sorry man but I fucking hate hipsters.
' I'm in love with a dying man. '
Man it's been a long day
chased by a crazy laughing man ><'''''
eh man utd pon dah score.power!
Nk watch running man or not?
Running man missions so damn hilarious!
#SyadaAmzahFollowBackSpree? the fuck is this man
Taeng shouldn't even say sorry man
nobody texting me ? man fuck yall
Omg this china man spwaking some chrrrrrrrrrrneeeese
SOrry my mistake. Not boy is MAN!
Running Man to start off my day. ^^
Should i sleep or watch running man?
omg I've never been this tired man
lol fuck man I really give up
Sit there and watch everyone man up.
#50ThingsAboutMe I love watching Running Man
Waiting for Man Utd vs Chelsea .
Eyes feeling so uncomfortable man. Arghhhh
What is running man? Like seriously.
#NowPlaying Afro Man - Because I Got High
My throat about to be gone man
Fuck man. Scaring myself like shit
Da macan poppeye the sailor man
ripped my fuckin pants cuh. tf man
Wipeout got a bunch of jokers man
No text's .. Man fuck y'all , y'all weak
Seeing doctor before I fly oh man
man i hate going to the dentist
*sigh* just one of them days, man.
why do i see iron man, spiderman,\
I'm done fucking wit cuzz man !
#nowplaying when I was your man :')
Andddd she's dancing with another man
Too lethargic for anything man fuk
Reaching the whole of running man episodes.
Wah all the iron man is penuh -_-
Iron Man 3 with cg later. :3
Iron man 3 was freaking awesome???
omg Iron Man 3 was awesome!
this phone fuckin up again man.
Downloading drumline. Been years man heheh
Anyone wanna watch iron man 3 today??
wa f man my knuckles fucking pain
Heheh watching running man now! Latest episodeeeee!
Bro playing Lucky Man by Arashi :)
David De Gea starting for Man Utd
congrats wingan! haha fuck you man shitty
i was expecting a goal man.
Finally Man I'm Done It's Over...  :)
V spicy man. Cannot tahan de spicyness.
#NowWatching WBA vs Man United #GGMU
Running man nw befre the game
Lol. The most annoying man in TL.
that would be so freaking cooooool man
Wah fk man this match so good
I got my hopes too high man
This man is an idiot. I swear -_-
g.iam need new song to perform man ;~;
I got a black man. literally twitterurl
#nw Running Man with my bro :)
Running man time! Hew hew myungie again~ ???
Man City lawan SLeague XI eh ?
Running man please make me laugh :(
I Totally Forgot Man Thank You
hahaha omg what happened to him man
fug man victoria is in town
Need new socks for training man.. Damn!
Man-made, rewiring of a pre-disposition.
Aiyo stream 720p Running Man so slow!
Cat 2 for running man wooooot
Now watching running man ep 165
Riding gets scarier each day. Fck man
Waiting for Running man to be outttt
Fuck man she's going off twitterurl
#np Rasta Man Chant - Jah Cure
Running Man! Can't see clearly tho...
I understang alr i hate this man
OMG. Its been a long time man.
Fuck all these disturbing thoughts man
No one is safe man, no one
Running man latest episode is out!
slight headache man:/ fuck this shyt
Woooooo look what I got here man
back to running man hehe bye
Uggh He Is Very Irritating Man
Well being a man is not easy ~
Over Everything Man. Wtf is Next
Omfg exo appearance on running man??!!
Miley Cyrus twerking to Kiasi Man! twitterurl
man the acoustic for this is brilliant
menyampah man see your stupid face everywhere
Anyone up for man utd match later?
Motherfucker stepping on my tail man.
The Amazing Spider Man 2 (Digital)!
Who watching man utd match later?
Wtf man. I'm getting pissed off .
(asiaone) Man arrested for serial cheating twitterurl
Wah seriously f my day man
#nowplaying Jaychou- Lang man shou Ji.
Watching running man with siblings rn
Woah fuck man. I gg crazy
My back bone gonna break anytime man
Hot as fuck man this guy
Seriously man. Its God! Not god.
ah man can't watch nightmare over here
Waiting for MAN U vs BAYERN
Amboi that's a long shower man
Woke up with bloodshot eyes... Oh man
Nature is freaking amazing man lol
Man U must be playing like shit
Man u just needs an equalising goal.
Neeeeed friends living arnd my estate man
Wah what song is this man
It's too boring cause everyone's asleep man
Man Utd playing like Lions XD
ain't nothing wrong with a righteous man .
Watching Man utd vs Norwich again
Editing 800+ photos is not funny, man.
Guarding the man cave. @ Shanghai ???????? twitterurl
'Man u will lose' I do want to tell that Man you will lose not Manchester United.Understand?
Every single woman is a freak !! Takes the right time, right man & right words. I said man not boy btw.
Ayah = Navy = Going to the sea = Best Man = Married ibu = Best Girl = Can be with best man = sweet twitterurl
Man killed pregnant partner and baby: A man is convicted of beating his heavily pregnant ex-fiancee and their ... twitterurl
my uncle is here. HAHA my uncle (MAN UTD) & my dad (LIVERPOOL) watching real madrid vs man utd now.
Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV: SINGAPORE: A man who stole a luxury sport utility vehicle (... twitterurl
Man Fakes Own Kidnapping to Avoid His Girlfriend: A Brooklyn, N.Y., man has some serious explaining to do afte... twitterurl
Mandatory treatment ordered for man who pushed elderly woman: SINGAPORE: The young man who came under the spot... twitterurl
half of my classmate during dip is a man, no wonder i like man more than girl kahkahkahkah
This Running Man really give me headache. The camera man run here run there, I want to vomit now
Apple man fearing dark days for cloud - The Independent: Sydney Morning HeraldApple man fearing dark days for cl... twitterurl
Done sending bb a longlong text & i kept on repeating "man" like eg, "iloveyou to the core man." ????
51-year-old man arrested for snatching teenager's phone - AsiaOne: AsiaOne51-year-old man arrested for snatching... twitterurl
Man charged over Changi Village murder: SINGAPORE : A man has been charged with murder, following a fight at Cha... twitterurl
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus | AsiaOne Ride: Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus | AsiaOne Ri... twitterurl
How can one man chop off the arms of both him and another man, with one saw.
Ya price to high take it EZ man , I paid less for a pair of yeezys man ..
Kau cakap aku sundal? Wtf man. Dah lah, start from now on..... Yeah you know what i mean, my man!!!
Police arrest man for committing obscene acts in public - Straits Times: AsiaOnePolice arrest man for committing... twitterurl
Palace Taser man on knife charge: A man accused of brandishing knives outside Buckingham Palace is charged after... twitterurl
Yeah man, me copy that. Welcome aboard. LMFAO  RT twitterusername twitterusername hey, me name is RASgam man. you see. twitterusername
Honesty Idgaf if my body becomes like a man alr I just want to fucking win man, just once.
Man charged over online 'sextortion': A US man is charged with 'sextortion' after allegedly blackmailing more th... twitterurl
#local #news Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: A man has been jailed two... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence: SINGAPORE: A man has been charg... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed & fined for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: SINGAPORE: A man has been jailed two mont... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: SINGAPORE: A man has been jailed... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road: SINGAPORE: A man was injured ... twitterurl #singapore
WATCH: Drunk Man Dangles From Electricity Cables in China: A drunk man was found dangling from high-voltage ov... twitterurl
I dun cry only I bleed. Man DONT cry. Man bleed. I only cry for me mum #tiongxim
Man charged with dishonestly receiving stolen money: April 04, 2013 12:29 PMA man was charged on Thursday with... twitterurl
Man United assists was superb, but the passing was totally fast. Come on Man United #GGMU #ManUnited
Sel (MC) 2 1 JDT (MU)"twitterusername twitterusername bola sape menang wey ? Man u or man city ?"
"twitterusername Now my baby is dancing but she's dancing with another man." When i was your man.
They say only Man Utd buy ref, but look at it now. Man City fucking buy a fucking ref.
Man arrested for series of thefts from vehicles in Bukit Merah - The Straits Times - Straits Times: Man arrest... twitterurl
Man always have good look at his eyes , and when I see your .. You're not a man just coward !
Girls, Date a man with class, not a man with his pants sagging below his ass.  #ClassyAdvice
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername After earth is shit hahah" serious????? Yes man" shit man??? rating 4.1/10 aku bagi haha
Everyone is so busy with Man U score line & Bale's goal , no one realise man City lose the last game.
I do not need the best man I just need a man who wanna try to be the best
My umbrella flipped&the wind blew me towards a man like im charging at him w my umbrella wtf man .
Lol someone in the train shouted, 'justin!! Wru man?! Justin bieber!!! Wru man?! You rock!!' Seriously hahaha
[CNA] Man charged for importing puppies without licence: A 28-year-old man was charged with importi... twitterurl #singapore
Man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator: A man died after an excavator he was operating overturned a... twitterurl
This "twitterusername A man???s biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile."
??twitterusername "The strong man is the man who can control himself when he's angry." -My Brother the Devil (2013)???
#Manga #Comic #Book Iron Man Extremis (Iron Man (Marvel Comics) (Quality Paper)) By (author) Warren Ellis, By ... twitterurl
Hahaha RT ??twitterusername yeah ??twitterusername Dear pretty girls, not every man interested in you. Sincerely, annoyed man.??????
twitterurl Man gets 20 months' jail, six strokes of cane for molesting daughter: A man was today se... twitterurl
Iron man 3 = waste of my fucking time cuz iron man 2 = waste of my fuckin money
Wah this man too much stay second level need take the lift he is not those old man type wtf
#Deal #Movies #TV #8: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified 2?? twitterurl
Man arrested for vandalising Cenotaph war memorial: A 32-year-old Singaporean man has been arrested for vandal... twitterurl
Measles man death tests inconclusive: Further tests are ordered on a man who died while suffering from measles... twitterurl
#MP3 #Music #Deal #6: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
Man accused in drug case walks away a free man after discrepancy in his drug test twitterurl
i???m not saying harry styles is the prettiest man alive but harry styles is the prettiest man alive
If you can't submit to your man, you got the wrong man. In fact, you have a boy. #TipForTheLadies
Paramedics performing CPR on a man by the side of the road. Pray to god he makes it man.
[News] Man jailed for housebreaking-related offences, stealing Viagra pills: A 59-year-old man has been senten... twitterurl
Man jailed for housebreaking-related offences, stealing Viagra pills: A 59-year-old man has been sentenced to ... twitterurl
[News] Man jailed for fracturing ribs of ex-wife???s lover: An unemployed man, who was seeking medical treatment... twitterurl
Charity program this sunday ! 5 places left. And im the one and only man ? Where is the rest ?!?!? Man extinct ?
[News] Man charged with stabbing girlfriend with scissors: A Malaysian man has been charged with hurting his g... twitterurl
got people started queuing for running man le wtf lol and now im watching running man lmao
Man! That would be my dream job. Living in London, working for a man who is a revolutionist, doing?? twitterurl
[Y!] Man arrested after five-hour standoff with police at Chai Chee flat: A knife-wielding man, bel... twitterurl #singapore
My utmost apologies to all iron man fans but I'm only watching the first iron man movie now.
Its a difference from being a hoe & pleasing ur man... If u please Everybody Man, Then  youre a hoe!
A man that doesn't love and appreciate his mother every second he can is not a man.
Semua concentrate on Man Utd and Man City match lupe pasal Totteham and Cardiff. FYI it's still a draw.
[CNA] Man sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training for various offences: A man who stole a gold br... twitterurl #singapore
[News] S'pore man remains under detention in Malaysia: A Singaporean man remains detained by Malaysian police ... twitterurl
"A man need all women to satisfy his one need; A woman need one man to satisfy all her needs"
Im the first man on the line, and we finished at 10pm! hahahahahahaha yay. the advantage being the first man.
Nooooo ChuNing you're not Xiao man!!! You don't have ????? and you do not ask a masked man to ???????????!!
[News] Man charged with committing armed robbery: The man suspected of committing armed robbery at Geylang Bah... twitterurl
What that preacher man said up there today will forever be engraved in my heart. What an inspirational man.!
Man probed for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks: Police are investigating a 22-year-old man for a... twitterurl
:') your eyes have not changed since young man you're still as gorgeous as ever girl ... ??? Hahaha I'm average man!! twitterurl
??twitterusername This Man Deserves Unlimited Rts twitterurl this man doesn't have a phone to see how many rts he's got.
[TODAY] Man jailed for uploading nude photos of mistress: SINGAPORE - A man who uploaded nude photo... twitterurl #singapore
whenever I see David beckham/James Franco, man I wonder if I could find a man like them.
Happy birthday, idola fixie twitterusername ! Haha may allah bless you and your family, my man! Have a blast. Jah man!
twitterurl Moon JunYoung - the man I'm patiently waiting to return fully ..OIII OLD MAN GET UR BUTT INTO GEAR! /wink/
[Y!FB] Man sounds like all the characters from The Muppets while singing 'Rainbow Conne...: Man sou... twitterurl #singapore
I get to watch champions league tonight! LETS GO MAN U. Supporting Man U in a German canteen. YES
[TODAY] Man jailed one week for Kaki Bukit dorm fight: SINGAPORE - The second man implicated in las... twitterurl #singapore
if man city and Liverpool win all their remaining games, man city will win because of the goal difference.
Man held over Chetham's school abuse: A man is arrested by police investigating allegations of historical sex ab... twitterurl
[News] Man gets 14 months' jail, driving ban for stealing SUV: SINGAPORE: A Malaysian man has been sentenced t... twitterurl
I might not be the kind of man you're expecting, but i may be the man that you will need.
'Barbie Man': Florida Man Owns More Than 2,000 Dolls: Since 1997, Stanley has collected anything and everythin... twitterurl
Now my baby's dancing but she's dancing with another man ? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for impersonating police officer: SINGAPORE: A 25-year-old man has been arrested... twitterurl #singapore
Man it's been 3 years since running man started it's broadcast, i really really hope it won't end.
Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus - Channel News Asia: Man arrested for alle... twitterurl
LMAO! HAHAHA "twitterusername A cheetah beats a lion in a race. Lion: "Man, you a cheetah!" Cheetah: "Man, you lion!""
Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology: SINGAPORE: An Australian man has been cleared... twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food: SINGAPORE: A man who ... twitterurl #singapore
Now both rival ( man utd and man city) are fighting to be on top of the table...!!
Man charged with stealing baby milk powder - Channel News Asia: Man charged with stealing baby milk powderChanne... twitterurl
Over heard. "Man: how long must wait? Girl: roughly half an hour to 30mins.. Man: oh ok.." *scratch head*
This man is a con-man and he's bringing home money. Well, time to start a fake Facebook account. twitterurl
QPR 0-0 Man City. Arsenal 2-2 Liverpool. Reading 2-2 Chelsea. BUT.... MAN UTD 2-1 SOUTHAMPTON. #GGMU
[News] Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: SINGAPORE: A man has been jailed two month... twitterurl
Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear: March 28, 2013 5:16 PMAn unemployed man was jail... twitterurl
"Rich man breathe in millionaire." So richer man breathe in billionaire? LOLOLOL people on my ask.fm quite funny sia
If only I'd snagged a Princeton man: Donna Brazile says had she followed the man-catching advice of Princeton ... twitterurl
Police looking for man to assist in two cases - AsiaOne: AsiaOnePolice looking for man to assist in two casesA... twitterurl
Social Studies damn bs, man.  dunno what new PT and what files during SYF and competition period what even man.
[ST] Man charged with dishonestly receiving stolen money: April 04, 2013 12:29 PMA man was charged ... twitterurl #singapore
Vicious Beaver Attacks and Kills Man in Belarus: A man in Eastern Europe has reportedly died after being attac... twitterurl
??twitterusername Man City. Leggo. Ouhk no. Chelsea go. Wait no. Aaah Man Chel.???Takmo pilih kasih. Chelsea ok?
"The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them." - Mark Twain
Man Sentenced to 7 Years for Stealing Obama???s Teleprompter: A man charged with stealing a truck that contained... twitterurl
Panda News: Homeless man alive when put into waste-crushing truck - Irish Times: Homeless man alive when put i... twitterurl
"twitterusername Yo breezy twitterusername man, please do a concert during F1 or whenever  here in Singapore man."
I'm going to stop flirting on Twitter so I can get a man lmfao it's real man
"twitterusername I want to meet running man in real life" I would cry man , I would freaking cry (":
#MP3 #Music #Deal #9: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
now i can watch running man anytime (with wifi) via my phone and via the running man fan app hahahahah
Iron man 3 is awesome man awesome . I never watched 1 and 2 but 3 is breath taking .
[CNA] Man arrested for vandalising Cenotaph war memorial: A 32-year-old Singaporean man has been ar... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man arrested for vandalising Cenotaph war memorial: A 32-year-old Singaporean man has been arrested for... twitterurl
#Deal #TV #Movies #10: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified 2?? twitterurl
#Deal #TV #Movies #8: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified 2?? twitterurl
"An armed man is a citizen; a disarmed man is a subject." ~ Allen West #liberty #tcot #GunControl
#MP3 #Music #Deal #4: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
I just came up with the most stupidest word for guys w big man boobs..MAN COLI (bra)
Panda News: Man tonsures wife suspecting her of infidelity - Deccan Herald: Man tonsures wife suspecting her o... twitterurl
[Y!FB] Man discovered a way to wash clothes without using water - yes, without water....: Man disco... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!] SAF says man shouting in Northpoint library is not a commando: A video showing a man shouting ... twitterurl #singapore
#Russia #Book Iron Man Extremis (Iron Man (Marvel Comics) (Quality Paper)) By (author) Warren Ellis, By (artis... twitterurl
Iron Man 3 leads Hollywood's Chinese charge: Iron Man 3 seeks to crack the Chinese market twitterurl
[News] Man in online vice ring case fails to prove statement made under threat: The second man claiming trial ... twitterurl
I was walking along the doors like "just my day man" then the doors opened again. Thank god man.
A Wanted Man (Jack Reacher) - A Wanted Man (Jack Reacher) By (author) Lee Child Buy A... twitterurl
Bmw. Best man wins bro. Let the best man wins. Handshake shall we?... ??? Hahahaah. Okay. But you are? twitterurl
I'm eager to know what's going to happen to the marvel's superheroes.Amazing Spider-Man,Iron-Man,Avengers,Wolverine.Ahhhhhh can't wait
My wish is to make my man feel like he is the one man in the world.
Its not like always a man fault but sometime a real man still ask forgiveness even its not his fault.
[TRE] Man in underwear fined for criminal intimidation & causing hurt: A 32-year-old man, Aung Kyaw... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man in bus interchange spitting incident may face more charges: The Singaporean man at the ce... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man charged with committing armed robbery: The man suspected of committing armed robbery at G... twitterurl #singapore
She won't have a man ??twitterusername No female should say no to giving her man head...tf? Grow up.???
Man sentenced to jail in Greece for mocking monk: ATHENS (Reuters) - A man who created a Facebook page poking ... twitterurl
Video shows man almost run over by horses at Turf Club race, Turf Club says man "unhurt" twitterurl twitterurl
[News] Man jailed 15 months for smuggling rhinoceros horns: A Vietnamese man was on Thursday sentenced to 15 m... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 15 months for smuggling rhinoceros horns: A Vietnamese man was on Thursday sentenc... twitterurl #singapore
So when is Man Utd's next match? I wanna see Juan Mata playing for Man Utd's match
[News] Man arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs: A 59-year-old Singaporean man was arrested at Woodl... twitterurl
I hate bedok. The people here are so mean man cutting queues and all that shit man urgh.
[CNA] Man fined record amount for illegal wildlife possession: A man was fined S$41,000 on Thursday... twitterurl #singapore
Judge rules that man in vegetative state should not be resuscitated if his condition deteriorates: A man in a ... twitterurl
[News] Man arrested for allegedly attacking and molesting woman: An unemployed man who allegedly attacked and ... twitterurl
[Y!] Man arrested for kicking, punching SBS bus: A rowdy and aggressive 51-year-old man was arreste... twitterurl #singapore
Running man is for pussy? GO KILL YOURSELF LAH YOU DICKHEAD WATCHING RUNNING MAN DOESNT MAKE YOU A GIRL!!
Man found dead in Geylang - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan found dead in GeylangAsiaOneSINGAPORE - A man in his 50s was pro... twitterurl
Ngs lawyer Dont convict innocent man: SINGAPORE - An &quot;innocent man&quot; should not be convicted just to dr... twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with stealing baby milk powder: SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old man has been charged with ... twitterurl #singapore
Final Jeopardy - Man vs. Machine and the Quest to Know Everything - Final Jeopardy: Man vs. Machine... twitterurl
Remembered last year when I drew man united logo and than he said man Utd rocks. #RIPMrNajib
Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence: SINGAPORE: A man has been charged with causing t... twitterurl
My alarm didn't ring when Man U game starting , is the Man U picture on the wall fell on me ????????
[CNA] Man gets 14 months' jail, driving ban for stealing SUV: SINGAPORE: A Malaysian man has been s... twitterurl #singapore
Thanks ah bro u score :) tmrw come collect man u jersey ah. U play for man u rite now? twitterusername
[News] Mandatory treatment ordered for man who pushed elderly woman: SINGAPORE: The young man who came under t... twitterurl
[CNA] Mandatory treatment ordered for man who pushed elderly woman: SINGAPORE: The young man who ca... twitterurl #singapore
Man Utd Vs Reading Highlights: Watch English Premier League match, Man Utd Vs Reading highlights here. Kick of... twitterurl
Gonna sleep after Everton-Man City match and wake up at 1:30am later for Man Utd match. Madrasah tomorrow!
??twitterusername Football: Everton tear Man City's Premiership title hopes to shreds twitterurl Man Utd gonna win the title this year.
Some girls want a man who loves her unconditionally but have so many conditions in finding the 'right' man..
Thai man jailed for lese-majeste over Australian news footage: BANGKOK (Reuters) - A Thai court jailed a man f... twitterurl
Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting womans underwear: An unemployed man was jailed for nine months on T... twitterurl
Amnesty slams Saudi decision to sentence man to paralysis for allegedly paralysing another man 10 years ago twitterurl
VIDEO: Drunk man clings to electric cables: Firefighters in China have rescued a drunk man who climbed a utili... twitterurl
Spring man shot and killed after car chase - Woodlands Online, LLC: Woodlands Online, LLCSpring man shot and k... twitterurl
twitterurl Man arrested for making false bomb threat: Police have arrested a 34-year-old man for ma... twitterurl
Google Sues Apple; Dog Bites Man (GOOG, AAPL) - Google Sues Apple; Dog Bites Man (GOOG, AAPL)  DailyFinance - 3 minu... twitterurl
Panda News: Man Charged With Making 17000 Lewd Calls - ABC News: Man Charged With Making 17000 Lewd CallsABC New... twitterurl
[News] Man charged over Changi Village murder: SINGAPORE : A man has been charged with murder, following a fight... twitterurl
[News] Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology: SINGAPORE: An Australian man has been ... twitterurl
heard minho was on running man recently, pfft why running man. shall watch when i'm free then sigh
??twitterusername So tmr Man U fans have to wake up at 3am to see Man U lift the trophy??? alahaissss
"rttwitterusername Imagine next season man utd dah bawak ronaldo and lewandoski to old trafford. Fuhhh man city nangis"
#MP3 #Music #Deal #3: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
[TheVerge] 'Iron Man 3' blows away the box office with $175 million opening weekend: Iron Man 3 performed hero... twitterurl
#MP3 #Music #Deal #8: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
#local #news Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting nine-year-old boy: A man has been sentenc... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged in US kidnapping is Jekyll-and-Hyde figure: Ariel Castro, the Cleveland man accused of keeping thr... twitterurl
#MP3 #Music #Deal #7: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
Tolonglah jgn buat lagu When I Was Your Man ni "now I'm dancing but I'm dancing with another man."
???????????????????????RT twitterusername "The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions."  -Oliver Wendell Holmes #quote
#Deal #Movies #TV #10: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified 2?? twitterurl
#10: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified (391?? twitterurl #Deal #Movies #TV
Man Loses Life Savings Playing Carnival Game, Wins Giant Banana: One man never imagined he would spend his lif... twitterurl
Indian-origin man in Singapore jailed - Zee News: Indian-origin man in Singapore jailedZee NewsTags: Singapore... twitterurl
[News] Man charged with importing puppies without licence: A 28-year-old man was charged with importing 21 pup... twitterurl
[News] Man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator: A man died on Thursday after an excavator overturned... twitterurl
[CNA] Man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator: A man died on Thursday after an excavator ... twitterurl #singapore
You're not man, a real man never do the violent for a women he loves. He doesnt!
If you're unshaven you're a sexy man. If you're hairy you're not a man you're an ape.
Give a man a fish, he???ll eat for a day. Give a man a dendeng he become RASAKSA
Man, 20, slashed by cousin, friend with 'watermelon knife': July 16, 2013 7:32 AMA REMOVAL man was recovering ... twitterurl
"twitterusername "twitterusername zizan iz the new hero in Cicak Man"ye je .. Ade cicak man 3 ke ?" Yup
[Y!FB] Man riding a horse to his brother's wedding, over 900km away, gets arrested for...: Man ridi... twitterurl #singapore
Man castrates self over rape charge: A Hindu holy man castrated himself in India Wednesday following the arres... twitterurl
Haha man enough huh? RT twitterusername twitterusername RT twitterusername I want a man not a boy who thinks he can
"No man have done this" so you're saying your GOD is a man?? It's just so contradicting
[News] S'porean man remains detained in Malaysia: A Singaporean man remains detained by Malaysian police for a... twitterurl
A strong man can handle a strong woman. A weak man will say she has an attitude.
Shit hurry man! twitterusername is missing u so bad RT twitterusername twitterusername shit man wait for me tmr
[News] Man sent for psychiatric evaluation after allegedly grabbing student's buttocks: A 30-year-old man has ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man in spitting incident video charged, remanded for psychiatric evaluation: The man who was ... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged with stabbing girlfriend with scissors: A Malaysian man has been charged with hurting his girlfrie... twitterurl
??Unfortunately, girl never knows that she already got a good man until she leaves the man as well.???
[CNA] Man jailed for fracturing ribs of ex-wife???s lover: An unemployed man, who was seeking medical... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Singaporean man shot dead in Manila: A Singaporean man was shot dead in Manila last month, apparently b... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for assaulting and locking up another: A man who helped his friend ???teach someone ... twitterurl #singapore
In half time basis, Man City is in 4th place while Man United still in 8th place twitterurl
[News] Man in bus interchange spitting incident may face more charges: The Singaporean man at the centre of a ... twitterurl
IPPT Man shows you how to train for standing broad jump, like a REAL man #JEM twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Odd man out - The Economist (blog): Odd man outThe Economist (blog)J... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
[News] Man in bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty: The man at the centre of a spitting incident ... twitterurl
So instead of saying "I sound like a man" I accidentally typed "I would like a man". Great... Just great.
Man arrested in connection with headless body found at McNair Rd, another man (pic) on the run twitterurl twitterurl
A man who balances Chinese, Indians and Malay community. A man who dare to tell Putrajaya off.
War News Updates > The U.S. Military's 'Iron Man' Suits Will Soon Be Ready For Testing: Military's 'Iron Man' ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for theft of S$85,000 from lodging house: Police have arrested a man suspected o... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man mocked online by Miss Singapore finalist thought of quitting job: A man who was thrown in... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man arrested for attacking 3 people: Police have arrested a 44-year-old man, who is believed ... twitterurl #singapore
Man-eating tiger stalks Indian villages: A man-eating tiger is sparking terror in India, having killed at leas... twitterurl
Unidentified man attempted to enter childcare centre in Aljunied: SINGAPORE - A man who was seen loitering aro... twitterurl
[TODAY] Man charged with hurting police officer: SINGAPORE - A man who allegedly bit a policeman wh... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged with hurting police officer: SINGAPORE - A man who allegedly bit a policeman while he was held in ... twitterurl
ah man i fux with chance. his music could get me elevated even at this hour, he's the man
Man filmed stopping SBS Transit bus along Serangoon Road arrested: SINGAPORE - A man who was filmed stopping a... twitterurl
Bayern to beat Man U later but not thrash. Let's put it Bayern 2 Man U 1
??twitterusername Most girls don't want a new man , they just want they old man to stop acting up.???
??twitterusername Some girls want a man who loves her unconditionally but have so many conditions in finding the 'right' man..???
Watching twitterusername hosting Fear Factor Malaysia in South Africa. Oh God, he's such a man. A real man.
Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road - Channel News Asia: Man injured in shophouse f... twitterurl
China Man; "Do you know how to go Saigon?" Me; Looking puzzled China Man: ??? Me; oh Serangoon la! What Saigon!
Man jailed for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone - Straits Times: Man jailed for damag... twitterurl
Man charged with dishonestly receiving stolen money: A man was charged on Thursday with dishonestly receiving ... twitterurl
Valencia! He is fantastic *sigh* RT"twitterusername Who is your man of the match for Man Utd?"
[CNA] Man arrested for making false bomb threat: Police have arrested a 34-year-old man for making ... twitterurl #singapore
Man is a king but a man needs a queen to make him feels like a king
Gonna download iron man 1 and 2 later. Just to refresh my memory before watching iron man 3.
actually semua org iron man virgin i mean....... iron man also don't want to have sex w u all ??
Well you actually don't need to watch iron man 1 & 2 to know what's going on in iron man 3.
"what did the german man say to the chinese man? nothing because they are in different continents" oh.so.cold
twitterurl Man in online vice ring case fails to prove statement made under threat: The second man ... twitterurl
Disappointing gila RT twitterusername I can't wait for Iron Man 4, cause Iron Man 3 was rather disappointing. Yeap.
Man fined $3k for biting girlfriend's daughter on the chest - The Straits Times - Straits Times: Man fined $3k... twitterurl
#MP3 #Music #Deal #5: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
Chinese lap up milk-drinking "Iron Man": "Iron Man 3" topped Chinese box offices five days after opening, stat... twitterurl
So chelsea won a cup, man u won a cup, man city? So close yet so far ahhaha thanks wigan ^^
Whoa man utd is enquiring about Luke Shaw. I had him in my career mode in fifa 12 man
[News] Man jailed, fined for cheating and loansharking offences: A man was on Tuesday sentenced to 48 months' ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed, fined for cheating and loansharking offences: A man was on Tuesday sentenced to 4... twitterurl #singapore
one is called a great man and the other one is a wow, you're a douchebag man, kind of maj
Sad i cannot watch the ownage of man u. Heard Man City are pressing, well done pellegrini
#np- when I was your man "now my baby's dancing but she's dancing with another man" HAHAHA.
[News] Man sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training for various offences: A man who stole a gold bracelet and... twitterurl
Panda News: Man tonsures wife suspecting her of infidelity - Business Standard: Man tonsures wife suspecting h... twitterurl
This lady introducing Osborne says ??man??? and ??plan??? a lot. Like, Osborne, the Man With The Plan. #cpc13
twitterurl Man who helps run brothel jailed: SINGAPORE: A 30-year-old man who helped to run a brothel ... twitterurl
Man charged over Liberty Bell threat: An Arizona man accused of threatening to blow up Philadelphia's Liberty Be... twitterurl
"twitterusername Doesnt rhyme RT twitterusername they say "find man with future not man with trouble"" it wasnt suppose to rhyme?
Swedish man held after woman dies during sex game - Yahoo! Singapore News: Swedish man held after woman dies dur... twitterurl
Man charged for giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped: February 07, 2013 11:52 AMA man who alleged... twitterurl
Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a man for allegedly ou... twitterurl
[News] Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a man for alleg... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a man... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence: SINGAPORE: A man has been charged with ca... twitterurl
twitterurl Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner: SINGAPORE: A man implica... twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner: SINGAPORE: A man implicated ... twitterurl #singapore
Did Adiva really just say ratchet? Man oh man I cannot contain myself right now what is life
>>>>>> RT twitterusername A man???s biggest mistake is giving another man the opportunity to make his woman smile.
Unemployed man gets three years' jail, caning for molesting daughter: June 04, 2013 1:22 PMAn unemployed man, ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with importing puppies without licence: A 28-year-old man was charged with import... twitterurl #singapore
MBC's Real Man sweep the ratings! 14.5! better than Running Man 12.8. (cos of Babo Hyungsik lol) twitterurl #realman #hyungsik
"The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them."\
Walao Singapore crowds are friggin dead man. Bloody hell. Get up and groove to the music man. #timbre
I know running man!! Love watchin it. RT twitterusername Running Man tv show, who knows it?? where are you guys???!!
Does Man City have a braver manager than Man United? My column in twitterusername today #mufc #mcfc
AsiaClassifiedToday Man arrested for acting as money mule - Straits Times: Man arrested for... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Ala, tonight got big game, Man City v Tottenham & I can't watch it. Hais... Cannot watch Man U's game also...
I just realised there's no earpiece in my ear man. no wonder I feel so boring inside the bus man.
[News] Man arrested for brawl that left three people injured: Police have arrested a 22-year-old man suspected... twitterurl
Police arrest man involved in spitting incident: SINGAPORE - Police have arrested a 47-year-old man in connect... twitterurl
Man in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange to be charged in court: The man involved in the spitting inc... twitterurl
Hong.Kong weather just right man . Beijing too cold. Thinking of which to stay man lol thinking thinking
ultra..man? RT twitterusername RT twitterusername HAHAHAHA just like a couple of ultra man chilling at bucks twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with stabbing girlfriend with scissors: A Malaysian man has been charged with hur... twitterurl #singapore
Champions league night later. Must watch bayern vs man city and at the same time watch man utd vs shaktar !!
"A man that doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man." Vito Corleone ??? The Godfather ??? twitterurl
[CNA] Man in bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty: The man at the centre of a spitting... twitterurl #singapore
Man arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs: A 59-year-old Singaporean man was arrested at Woodlands Ch... twitterurl
This old man is preaching I don't know what cause a man offered him a seat in the train
>>>>>> ??twitterusername Man Utd loses and after tht wishing Liverpool will lose too. Always. Typical Man Utd fans.???
[News] Man investigated for making false report of armed robbery: Police are investigating a 37-year-old man f... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for causing hurt with dangerous weapon: The arrest came after a 53-year-old man ... twitterurl #singapore
He is like a man bitch. And i love watching people of my kind. Not man but the latter. Hahaha.
[TODAY] Man jailed for uploading nude photos of mistress: SINGAPORE - A 52-year-old man who uploade... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!] Man arrested for trying to tailgate through Woodlands Checkpoint: A man was arrested at the Wo... twitterurl #singapore
[TODAY] Man arrested for attacking 3 people: SINGAPORE - Police have arrested a 44-year-old man, wh... twitterurl #singapore
Panda News: The Stone Man From Odisha - The New Indian Express: The Stone Man From OdishaThe New Indian Expres... twitterurl
[TODAY] Man who allegedly molested teenager in Woodlands arrested: SINGAPORE - A 23-year-old man be... twitterurl #singapore
Man who used Find My iPhone accused of 'trespass via radio wave': A man who... twitterurl #mobilephone |twitterurl
Plan : Watch Running Man and laugh my ass out ? Fantasise the members of running man :D -- DO NOT DISTURB-- ???
Man arrested for sending false emergency number messages: Police on Friday afternoon, arrested a 44-year-old man... twitterurl
Everyone says Man United bribe Howard Webb, why no one says Man City bribe Mike Dean now?
The books to keep me company; spider-man: origin of the species, astonishing spider-man & wolverine and my c twitterurl
Hahahahahaha come on man! This is twitter! Stop using korean boy's picture! What the fuck man! Hahahahahaha!
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose?... ??? Half man half dog HAHA twitterurl
Man jailed for negligently causing wifes death while drink driving: Posed photo of a man in handcuffs. A former ... twitterurl
Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP's Jeyaretnam: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 23-year-old man for al... twitterurl
[News] Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP's Jeyaretnam: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 23-year-old man... twitterurl
Man sues Georgia for blocking "GAYGUY" vanity license plate: ATLANTA (Reuters) - An Atlanta man is suing the sta... twitterurl
Man jailed for stealing money from his girlfriend cheating her father: A man who stole money from his girlfriend... twitterurl
It is hard as fuck being a black man in America, a SUCCESSFUL black man at that.
Man charged over giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped: A man who allegedly claimed that his fianc... twitterurl
I think i  have a crush on a man 20 yrs my senior!!! ip man kungfu woaaah special effects cool
I never need a right or left hand man... All i need now is a wing man! >;)
twitterurl Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: SINGAPORE: A man has been ja... twitterurl
"twitterusername Love make the weak man become strong and the strong man become weak #absurd" anda yg mana twitterusername :D
twitterurl Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food: SINGAPORE: A man ... twitterurl
Libya rendition man 'will settle': A Libyan man suing the British government for its alleged role in his rendi... twitterurl
Hello beautiful (': you supporting for Man United or ... ??? REAL MADRID ofcos! i'm not a fan of MAN UTD :) haha! ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV: SINGAPORE: A man who stole a luxury sport ... twitterurl #singapore
Man, the ref in Man U-Real Madrid game deserved to get pump in the face. Fucker!!!
Man jailed for murdering pregnant ex: A man who beat his heavily pregnant former fiancee to death, causing the... twitterurl
Man investigated for making false report on lost items - Straits Times: Man investigated for making false repo... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for outrage of modesty: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 22-year-old man, who i... twitterurl #singapore
Police looking for man to assist with theft investigation - AsiaOne: AsiaOnePolice looking for man to assist w... twitterurl
Man arrested for impersonating police officer: SINGAPORE: A 25-year-old man has been arrested for cheating by ... twitterurl
twitterurl Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation: A 38-year-old man is helping the police... twitterurl
OH MAN! Hong Kong man goes to the doc to discover he is a woman twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
No doubt, man utd new kit veh nice but too bad, I'm not a fan of man utd.
Didnt watch the full ep of running man so Im re-watching it now. #nw running man ep 147
[News] Man charged for importing puppies without licence: A 28-year-old man was charged with importing 21 pupp... twitterurl
Describe yourself ??? Hahah idk what to describe about myself. Hahahhah its like self praise man.. No man. Im not ... twitterurl
So i tell myself "you're strong man and strong man never cry" so i did what i've told
Fifa with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername till the start of man u and man city game, i'm owning this bitches easily
Man convicted for beating up girlfriends children drug offences and rioting: An unemployed man who committed v... twitterurl
Be a lady that a man needs not a lady that needs a man - my motto, yup
[CNA] Man gets 20 months' jail, six strokes of cane for molesting daughter: A man was today sentenc... twitterurl #singapore
If Sir David Moyes become Manager of Man Utd, Rooney will definitely want to get out from Man Utd.
Bluetooth Man - A comic creation by my son, Alex. Iron Man has a new enemy ;-) [pic] ??? twitterurl
#7: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified (391?? twitterurl #Deal #Movies #TV
#9: Pac-Man Fever: Pac-Man Fever Amazon Instant Video ~ Not Specified (391?? twitterurl #Deal #Movies #TV
Dont think Man U needs him RT twitterusername  Ignoring Zahin's tweet till the day Walcott goes to Man Utd.
twitterurl Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino: A 44-year-old man, who works as a ... twitterurl
#Free #Kindle #10: THEN LIKE THE BLIND MAN: Orbie's Story: THEN LIKE THE BLIND MAN: Orbie's?? twitterurl
[CNA] Man in online vice ring case fails to prove statement made under threat: The second man claim... twitterurl #singapore
With k.will and henry going to be in real man. I think I'm going to start watching real man.
[PR] Vietnamese Man Sentenced To 15 Months In Jail For Smuggling Rhinoceros Horns: A Vietnamese man was senten... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs: A 59-year-old Singaporean man was arreste... twitterurl #singapore
WTF?! Watford lead Man City 2-0 at half time at Etihad?! Hard to believe it man...
[News] Man jailed for assaulting and locking up another: A man who helped his friend ???teach someone a lesson??? ... twitterurl
#np when I was your man ??? #np The man that can't be moved . Not bad go listen. twitterurl
"Spider-Man, Spider-Man, simi sai..." Yes, this is a cycling outfit from china, and it's we... twitterurl twitterurl
A quiet gay is horny RT twitterusername A quiet man is a thinking man. A quiet woman is usually mad.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Man arrested for acting as money mule - Straits Times: Man arrested fo... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Man under investigation for making false police report: SINGAPORE - A 26-year-old man is under police investig... twitterurl
[News] Man fined for giving false info to Registry of Moneylenders: A man who borrowed from a licensed moneyle... twitterurl
[CNA] Man fined for giving false info to Registry of Moneylenders: A man who borrowed from a licens... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man jailed for housebreaking-related offences, stealing Viagra pills: A 59-year-old man has b... twitterurl #singapore
War News Updates > Iron Man-Style Helmet Being Developed For Soldiers: Iron Man-Style Helmet will Help Soldier... twitterurl
[News] Man charged with using criminal force on teenager: A man has been charged with using criminal force on ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with using criminal force on teenager: A man has been charged with using criminal... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] S'porean man remains detained in Malaysia: A Singaporean man remains detained by Malaysian po... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Man, 20, slashed by cousin, friend with 'watermelon knife': July 16, 2013 7:32 AMA REMOVAL man... twitterurl #singapore
While waiting for Running Man Fanmeeting in Malaysia to happen, why not check out our photos for Running Man... twitterurl
Hahahahahahhahahahah "twitterusername If you're man enough to throw a punch at me you better be man enough to take one."
#MP3 #Music #Deal #1: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall: Iron Man 3: Heroes Fall Various | Format: MP3?? twitterurl
Should i follow my old man out for brunch or not.........my young man is making roti telor now hmm
"Iron Man 3" blasts off US blockbuster season: "Iron Man 3" is expected to launch America's summer blockbuster... twitterurl
Yup! My man and your man become rival! This is war! RT twitterusername Yaallah cepat-cepatlah hari (cont) twitterurl
"twitterusername Arsenal winning run ends. Tottenham loses Man utd, Man City and Chelsea all win. Has Normal service resumed?"
[CNA] Man arrested for brawl that left three people injured: Police have arrested a 22-year-old man... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed, fined for cheating and loansharking offences: A man was on Tuesday sentenced to 48 months' jail an... twitterurl
What a horrendous 1st half. Man City got 13 attempts, Man U only got 1. 1 sia!!!
[CNA] Man accused of causing mother's death escapes gallows: A man who was initially charged with t... twitterurl #singapore
See la VR Man, appear in my dreams then give me black leggings fetish. Damn you VR Man!
[Y!] Man gets turned away from Singapore Day in Sydney for being Caucasian: A man has complained to... twitterurl #singapore
Man killed by shark while snorkeling off South African coast: JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A man who was snorkelin... twitterurl
[News] Man in spitting incident video charged, remanded for psychiatric evaluation: The man who was caught on ... twitterurl
[News] Man in spitting incident at Woodlands interchange to be charged in court: The man involved in the spitt... twitterurl
[CNA] Man in spitting incident at Woodlands interchange to be charged in court: The man involved in... twitterurl #singapore
Man Heals His Excruciating Pain With Cannabis After A Battery of Pharmaceuticals Failed: A man with excruciati... twitterurl
Man jailed one week for Kaki Bukit dorm fight: SINGAPORE - The second man implicated in last month's Kaki Buki... twitterurl
[Y!FB] A man, complaining of stomach problems, claimed he had swallowed a bottle cap....: A man, co... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly attacking and molesting woman: An unemployed man who allegedly att... twitterurl #singapore
[TODAY] Man accused of paid sex with minor found not guilty: SINGAPORE - A man accused of having pa... twitterurl #singapore
AISEY MAN hi-5 uh! ? ?????? RT ??twitterusername Niari off ???????
Congratulations twitterusername for being Man of The Match. Deserved.
I didn't bring my weed and I wanna smoke man
Is channel 1021 showing Man Utd vs Real Madrid?
Fucking hell I wanna burn you down man. Urghhh.
Some running man to cheer me up then.
Omfg!!!  The ahboystomen group is spamming man HAHAHAHA.
Oh fuck the rain man . I wanna skate . :(
how can I not know this song man?!
shall do math...  but the workin idk how man.
Oh man, not good not good. Boss is sick. :-(
(CNA|sg) Man charged with outraging modesty of girl twitterurl
Man charged with molesting teen male on bus twitterurl #Singapore
Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man
??twitterusername Wah die sia if Chelsea against Man United ????? WHEN?!?!!!
Man I need to drank right fuckin now
Stop Talking To That Bad Bad Man lol #Insider #DCMG
cmon man, i aint your bloody fucking second choice.
Man steers bicycle while riding pillion on the PIE \
Man Utd 15 points clear on the top of BPL!
Sheng shiong show fake demand from SBS service Running Man ==
Cristiano Ronaldo Coming Back To Man Utd For ??55m? twitterurl
just get the fuck away from me man
Turned off man whenever I see your name -.-
There's a hot dude in the bus man. ??
I survived 6hrs of sch without my phone man
Screw the last appendix man. I ain't learning that shit.
Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV  twitterurl
Man of the match tonight. Turkish referee Cyneyt Cakir #cunt
Aw man! Missed out on a potential joss stone ticket.
i can hear again. the doctor syringed my ear man.
Grow old and wear suits like my old man.
??twitterusername ehhhhh um this is not my problem man???
still feeling sick man:/ but tmr wil go cca!
#NowWatching James Bond's The Man with the Golden Gun
Thanking The Good Man Above For Another Day !
Haven't watched the latest epi of Running Man haha~
Now baby's dancing but she's dancing with another man
#nowwatching man utd vs chelsea, go chelsea go!!!! #CFC
HAHAHA ??twitterusername Man United giving birthday bumps to Chelsea...???
Politic ? Ewwwwwww get out from timeline.Not a suitable time man.
Finish walking running man ?? now dancing time! And I'm hungry
The total of your lies could drown an elephant man
Having a bad day. Man i need more sleep
Omfg three cars got into an accident shit man
Now my baby's dancing, But she's dancing with another man
where is the freaking bus? i need to pray man
''Man of the Match'' of 4th leg goes to...!!\
??twitterusername How to Make Any Man Amazing in Bed  twitterurl
#Free #Kindle #9: The Maintenance Man Collector's Edition twitterurl
Omfg . Charlie got some problem with me man.
Good men dont exist lord Righteous man exist
yuqi is being so freaking annoying rn. find another man
Man I lost to the fuckin Rockies last night.
Wah cb tmrw end at 5 man fuck that shit
lol someone bought the running man bells/name tag
No wonder i got man boob now . Haha
Thanks for taking care of me last night man. twitterusername
Dead couple in Geylang hotel: Man killed lover, then himself  \
Man city anyhow tackle one la ! Cb fucker
Thanking The Man Above For Another Day . Forreal .
Spoilt brat. Get out of your fucking comfort zone man.
Seriously man so pissed I want to kill someone now
Going out with ?????I need super man hihi
Sam tsui - when i was your man  #np
NS man grateful for holiday at reservist camp twitterurl
I swear luo's hair is now sooo attractive man ??
omg in time for a man in love !!!
day two of nt smoking . wht is this man .
Shit lah omg go and trip on a rock man
Man.. estimated 12 hrs of training tomorrow. Tired....
Fuck it man! Im making things worst sia!
Be a gentleman leh please. Eww at yourself man.
I swear this shit hurts more than piercing man.
Now my baby's dancing she's dancing with another man
RT twitterusername A blind man walks off a cliff.
Chinese Man Builds His Own Prosthetic Hands twitterurl #apple
RT twitterusername Man Stops Alleged iPhone Thief, Films Him twitterurl
RT twitterusername "twitterusername The Amazing Spider-Man was amazinggggggg."
twitterusername twitterusername grown man got apple... Infected with rashes #BadLuckClemClem
Fucking man just digged his nose in front of me ??
why did I saw such a thing man...
why howard webb keep getting man utd's big matches sia ??
YNWA being sung louder than Man U chants.
Man u Playing very well.good covering , passing and constant pressure
Wa shit Man United's defence looking a bit shaky
Tgk arsenal lwn man city plak lps ni
Currently wearing man utd short... Thats why there are winning!!
Man im craving for McSpicy so badly T.T
mum keep laughing while watching running man :o
Shall watch finish running man before I turn in ~
haizz dun wanna fail first mt test man!
Your so good at lying . Clap for you man .
O YEAA RT twitterusername grant achatz is the boss man
Today's problem easy man! Aww yeah left with RJ UNDONE!
It's something about a tall chocolate man #sexy
Awww man guessed someone peed too early hehehe ?
Study also cannot .. Don't study also cannot . Bullshit man ??
THIS RT"twitterusername Ahhhh leg muscle hurt too much man"
Man United's Fletcher out for rest of the season twitterurl
5 weeks more and I'm a free man.
I really want Daesung to be in Running Man again!
(ST) Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus twitterurl
[ST] Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus twitterurl
No riding for me man.. No offense to riders..
jumping and screaming behind jehan lulz im sorry man
can't wait for next episode of running man OMG
Second that! twitterusername Ryan Gosling is one fine man la.
??twitterusername Been freezing my balls off since yesterday man..???
Serious man planning the art galleries visiting twitterurl
MSNBC: Bulgarian politician deflects pistol-wielding man twitterurl #photojournalism
how about you not be a man slut, thanks.
Prison Break Season 3. Oh man non-stop.
Can someone tell me what time is man u game?
I'm the pipe man , fuck you on the nightstand .
My partner watching running man w his iPad now, LOL.
Tmr P.E scd period ah fuck sucks man
sigh...that's not the way to settle problems man...
Valentines Day Is Coming Real Soon Man. So Quick! #DCMG
mino was like some commando in running man lololol.
Man CPA? RT twitterusername Having CPA lesson now .
running man team won broom hockey! :D easy brother combo!
Like it or not, education is freaking everything man. #uglytruth
The delivery man seriously like ah beng siol
A woman in love needs only one man #np
AzaharKok chill man.. Watch some cartoon to clear your mind..
Man that made my mood better . THANK YOU WORLDSTAR .
Happy morning day, happy birthday my greatest man, Rasullullah SAW :)
Man arrested for making threat against RP's twitterusername twitterurl
??twitterusername Why am I being treated like this man ?????
The walked back from college west was tiring man...
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied.
Waiting for 963 after sucha long time. Miss greenridge man.
Lord ikno ain nobdy put the man on yu now!
Taylor Swift. Bust enhancement. I guess people grew up. Man...
I need mah weezy to Wayne on man!
Eh new episode for running man is out??
man kita sama -_- RT twitterusername Tamia - Officially Missing You
Man United valued at record US$3 billion: Forbes twitterurl
Running Man episode 130 daebak!!! Theres a twist!!!
When I hear when i was your man, i feeeeel............
done with chores baby. man its always a good feeling.
"Are you the weather man! Hahahahaa!!!" Tak klakar please
Can't stand it man. My stomach fucking hurts.
Episode 119 of running man is rly rly hilarious hahahaha
School is going by WAY too slow man :/
I am a fucking great support in LoL man HAHAAA
i'd rather run for running man than for 2.4 .
i remember playing running man w twitterusername in school HAHA
He not bout that life man catch him in traffic
Keep replaying 'when I was uour man - bruno mars'
Drinking milk while smoking, this is weird man
Man charged with stealing baby milk powder twitterurl #Singapore
[CNA] Man charged with stealing baby milk powder twitterurl
cny shiok man. everyday out frm morn to nite!!
I got a feeling real madrid will win man utd,
Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus twitterurl
Man cek sms bm pending RT twitterusername twitterusername read dm
Can't believe my cousin watch running man lol
got feel for mineshine sia... lazy to go buy man.
Yes la HyunA come to Running Man again!
What's best thing to get a man for valentines ?
Man Wish I Had a Moes Near School
Last night women got so aggressive n terrortorial man........ seriously
The Generic Man x Selfridges & Co. 'Sunday Spundae' Collection twitterurl
Tokyo man arrested over bizarre hacking campaign twitterurl
$763 in 2 fucking weeks I need maintain man
On running man but I'm concentrating on twitter -.-
Going to see a man about slaughtering a cow...
I wanna sell it!!!  The new one so chio man
can I just change course, electronics not my thing man. ...
[CNA] Man who helps run brothel jailed twitterurl
Man lets three young kids play at condo driveway twitterurl
Act like a woman think like ah man!
3 class test at one go. BRILLIANT MAN
when ppl ask me 'what is running man?' twitterurl
"twitterusername Temple Run 2 is quite hard man."
#OneTime For My Homie twitterusername Man!! I See You. #DCMG
A real man is not made for defeat,\
The Man Ring Titanium Utility Ring twitterurl via twitterusername
When i was your man playing in the pharmacy ~
ee the merana mordegard glesgorv the man really staring OTL
#aries woman #scorpio man ... Hmm sounds promising ... #repost twitterurl
A Man Feeding Swans in the Snow (via twitterusername - twitterurl
Finally get to watch running man after so freaking long
#hellokittytown #photooftheday #perfomance #nusajaya #man #manstyle #costumecharacter twitterurl
Everyone needs to drop the double standard man. It's annoying
??twitterusername twitterusername space bound seyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy??? yeah man hahaha
Awh man, now i am craving for wendys! :<
*rolls on the floor* ahhhhh I love shopping man
My hair is taking forever to grow man!!!
Man! Found a jackpot at Topman just now
Naqiah tricked me twice in a row. Asshole shit man.
My lil man ready to see the doctor! ?????? twitterurl
Gotta be the man to just face the fucking music.
Thanks man for accompanying me twitterusername and the ciggs. ??
It takes a strong man to handle a broken woman.
Sooo watching Running Man and Family Outing later. LOL
??twitterusername Running Man background music of every members twitterurl [I]???
Will spending my first day holiday with Running man ???? hehehe
Hate the haze man. Always falling sick due to it.
Laughing so much LOL man i love today!
Man it's been such a loooonggg time since i mapled! ??
& when u leave d weed man .. we matching !!
#NowPlaying Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man
A man growing old becomes a child again.\
Iron Man 3: Revealing the Mandarin twitterurl via twitterusername
Man U never use Rooney, RvP & Vidic sia!!! Basket!!!
Lollipop man twitterusername I'll see you aft school tmrw :3
Leaving Higher Nitec soon. Welcome NS man. Protect our country.
#turnoff !! RT twitterusername Speak like a kiao tor man.
#NowPlaying Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man.
Man i see so many people wearing the AJ1s.
Man ..... *deep sigh ..... I jus don't know anything anymore
Face it like a man,I'll take you on.
Hahahahah fuck man can somebody draw for me :(
Man United u guys better do something before anything happens.
Now baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man
Omg Eun Jiwon on Running Man! Hehehehehe can't waittttt!
[PICS] Running Man EPI 140 - Yoomes Bond ????? ??! twitterurl twitterurl
#NowPlaying Lana Del Rey - The Man I Love
Handsome but wear red contacts what you thinking man
Anyone wanna watch iron man 3 on the 26 April? ???
Serious man. Their eyess. Like longan seed, but biggerrrr
Iron Man 3 on my birthday! See so special. YOUDONTSAY
crying because my korean man look so good T_T
#listening Bruno Mars-When I Was Your Man
man this F1 shit is not healthy at all
Wah school starts tmr man. Way too fast liao.
#psy, you got that style man! #Gentleman twitterurl
watching running man and I'm just like........ wAT
Hatin oh another grown man nigga get ya bread up !!
One man. In one box... Awesome movie! #Buried twitterusername twitterusername
#NowPlaying Dead Man Walking by The Script on #Spotify  twitterurl
this man been ready for ah hour na
time gini forever boring what to do man
I'm hungry at this hour.. Oh man... #jetlag ? twitterurl
i cant stop thinking abt him lassia shit man
#np when i was your man by sam tsui <333
Kenneth put me in a hard place this morning man...
Freaking hell, old man no reply email one !
Hong Kong man is a woman after doctor's visit twitterurl
You? Oh man so not fit to be one.
Damn hot and handsome man I'm in love!
lol the fuck. crazy man whore fuck off
You can't always hope for something good man.
"You're just a boy. Not yet a man"
Im Really Nevaa Gone See My Dawg Again #RestEasyPeanut Man
Japanese man hanged self in cell, Malaysia police say twitterurl
#Amekkau ustazah stole the show man just now
Jyeahh, Done watching the latest episode of Runinng Man. :D
Gonna go collect bursary alone tomorrow, ass man!
You are one awesome role model! :) I'm inspired man :) twitterusername
Gotta bath man. Gonna be effing late i swear.
??twitterusername gotta sleep man if not tomorrow panda eyesssss???
Just reached home from dinner. Sucha tiring day today man
Feel like buying the new Man United jersey
Listening to Paramore songs with my man slut twitterusername
now my baby dancing , dancing with another man :(
Without Sir Alex , Man U won't come so far ...
Man U fans gotta see this! :3 twitterurl
And the maid looks like a 40 year old MAN!!!
Shall watch running man episode 73 before heading to bed
??twitterusername Goodbye, idol. twitterurl ?????? This is heart breaking man
Need to watch Running Man before i sleep!
The wgsconfessions is just trying to create conflicts man
Keep voting twitterusername taip VS5 MAN send 33399 .. twitterusername #VersusMY
Wa this chanting downstairs has to maintain man. T.T
And what!!!! Home visit???!?! Gotta be kidding man!!!
The flip case lags my phone man zzz :(
My fav song #np When I was your bloody man
This man drunk and talking to me stupid..
Loving this flat, minimal setup. Iron Man ftw twitterurl
What the fak snt plz dont dream big man wtf
"twitterusername World war Z finished , man of  steel now"
Yaaaaay running man I thought it will be out tomorrow
Holy shit macaroni and cheese, stop it. Fucking annoying man.
why peanuts ??? idk man he was just allergic hahaha twitterurl
aw man i think someone got the shirt alrdy
Fifth man charged over Cathay Cineleisure slashing twitterurl #Singapore
Got so much things to unpack man zzzzzzzzzz
Wkwk RT twitterusername Man of the match -> tiang gawang wkwkwkwk
#Salute!! RT "twitterusername Hats off to this man twitterurl
I also want to watch running man leh.
Shintya galau wak RT twitterusername When he was my man.
Where got time for homework after our exams man
i think i sprain my wrist. fuck man.
#NowPlaying When I was Your Man - Bruno Mars . .
20 yrs old doing a grown man bid
I really want to smoke after that run man
this hello kitty toy bring the order up man.
I'm lonely as fuck man, this feeling is horrible
but man in love ended not long ago
hahaha yea man.. very soon.. but not this week bro
"twitterusername #BeforeIDieIWantTo kiss you... #eh" cc: man jad #eh XD
Alltop RSS > Inle Lake Fisherman by Perak Man twitterurl #photography
Tan Hak Soon is seriously a big Man United fan
Can't wait for running man avenges next week.
Wanna watch Now you see me so badly man anyone?
I must quickly run home and watch running man.
running man avengers 150 next week :D haha as IRONMAN!
[CNA] Singaporean man found dead in Johor Bahru farm twitterurl
what a man of his word this dude.
Finally running man!! Which ep should I watch first hmmm
Wifi has finally restored!!!! Running Man sampai muntah okay!
Fk man all these people getting to meet pewds
Man fined for stealing two $1,000 casino chips twitterurl
Oops :O hahah "twitterusername twitterusername now murderer face man!"
"twitterusername We need a man not a boy."
Dont fear no man woman... they bleed just like us.
My sore throat & bad cough is killing me man. Urgh
My old man just got a call from Allphones.\
Waiting for the bus. Man im so tired.
why does everyone get to play running man sia
Something to make me feel less lethargic ? YES MAN. Weeee ~
It's raining it's pouring. The old man is snoring.
#nowplaying Running Man Ep 148. Jumanji Eat Board Race gogogo!
Man... I'm never going to that site again.
wtf is wrong with my left eye man -_-
"Just what Memphis needs, another swing man who can't shoot" \
The sea looks scary at night:O no kidding man
Piya named as the Man of The Match.
BZE FO was amazing man with the GLs
Man I should be on the poker run with everyone :(
"twitterusername I'm living a lonely ass life man jeez"
Wtf man you guys have 1 opening play? :(
Cow falls through roof, kills man while sleeping twitterurl
Just finished watching the highlights of Man U-Villa game...
"twitterusername Congrats to Man United on winning the title"
I think I need running man to relieve stress.
#Nowplaying Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man.
Australian Police Apprehend Man Claiming To Be LulzSec Leader: \
??twitterusername twitterusername okok anything text . Night??? goodnight gigi man
I'm starting to get addicted to watching running man
I seriously need to finish up with my song man! :(
Shit Man. Dying to buy new transparent iPhone cover.
My sentence structure really really got to go man. Tsk!
on my way to cwp. Watching iron man 3
Nobody texted me goodmorning .. i dont even care nomore man !!! : (
iron man 3 with peeon and emily pang :D
I'm starting with a man in the mirror..
Early morning nonsense from vithi. Hahahaha miss that asshole, man.
iron man lg.. mueheheh (@ Pacific @ Bp Mall) twitterurl
#nowwatching LOST ASH ONE MAN LIVE [EVOLUTION THEORY] DVD - twilight
[TNP] Man accused of rape calls psychiatrist a liar twitterurl
Haaa k.Michelle crazy as hell man I'm weak
Should I watch Running Man... mentang2 esok english. :3 >___<
Saudi man travelling with pressure cooker arrested in US twitterurl
what th boamz man no one is replying me
1 more day to Iron Man 3.... Haaa can't wait !!!
crap lah 2 mins late today. marked late. wtf man?
The hsa siao think i smoke. Hais. Im clean man.
Separating ma self from being a boy to a man
Omg ytd what I tweet was untrue man.
Loading Man Utd's 20th Premier League Title: ??????????????????_] 99% Complete.
I just did a fucking wrong thing man
Man ...pastor was spot on with that message yesterday ...
Omfg how could kagawa misss tht !!!! Shit man #MUNAVL
fingers pointing how great to feel it this way man
Shit man,  should have bring out d charger head.
Yea going jb with fam watch iron man 3 mwehehe
damn. every1 got an attitude today. fuuuuuckkkk man
Morning world~~~ i KO-ed till now~~~ oh man
AWW man, being alone in the library is horrible.
Jepon today want to be the satay man!. Haha twitterusername
Mirror closet. Trying to b a camera man #sx50 twitterurl
Lmao..  I gtta get off here man.. Goodnight Ppl.. ??
Yay finally watching Iron Man 3! @ the grand cathay twitterurl
Villain for the amazing spider man is the Rhino:0
Man U already the champion? Nothing new. #MUFC
Oh man... Finish eating the chocos liao...... :S
Done cleaning the house. Time for running man.
Espinoza is a one man entertainer on pitch. #facupfinal
Heard another young rider passed away yesterday... Wth man ??
Running man on channel U tonight! 7-8pm!
The song stucked in my head man. Dammit
aww man, should've checked my other phone earlier yesterday.
[PICS] Running Man EPI 141 Animal Kingdom Grasshopper - ????? ??? twitterurl twitterurl
Iron man 3 with family later on in the evening ?
#mother amazing spider-man will have seasons 2 o(???)o
My baby's dancing,but she's dancing with another man... :')
Rainy sunday.. Let's continue running man!! Happy sunday everyone!!!
Might be watching iron man 3 tmrw yipee
Omg I can't believe what Boonhock told me man omfg
Iron Man 3! (@ Cathay Cineplexes - twitterusername w/ 3 others) twitterurl
Finally homed after sending Man back and sending Smurf's Harvest.
But I'll just stick to being Iron Man lah.
Man Docked For Stabbing Wife In Abuja twitterurl via twitterusername
Fucking AS slut. Just shut up oh man.
Gonna change back to blackberry . can't use my samsung man -.- \
Gi balai repot!! gogogo! RT??twitterusername Forever missing my man.???
[CNA] Man fined S$4,000 for lying to police twitterurl
Man, puberty really does a fine job for dudes!
Bloody sleepy how to stay up for running man??
Man exposes bribery among police in India twitterurl
we shall start doing cruches everyday man!! twitterusername
Will watch Iron Man 3 alone then on Sunday.
#NowWatching Iron Man 3 for second times! Hahaha
Iron Man 3! :)) (@ Shaw Theatres - twitterusername w/ 5 others) twitterurl
Running man at changi airport terminal 3 was..hardcore x)
Iron Man 3 (@ Cathay Cineplexes - twitterusername w/ 5 others) twitterurl
Listen up. I wanna brag. I'm watching Iron Man tonight.
Been waiting for iron man for so long!
Im going to watch Iron Man 3 tonight twitterurl :) #fb
PRC married man harassing my friend's wife twitterurl #1maysg
Simple Guy by Miserable Man. Lagu yang best.
they playing running man.. again. left at home again
Like,fuck off from my face can man?
Man builds 80,000-volt replica of Thor hammer twitterurl twitterurl
Re watching iron man on laptop.  Haha as
C.Ronaldo joining back Man Utd. So don't retire la Ferguson.
Man gets impaled after javelin accident gone wrong twitterurl twitterurl
omg the part c running man shirt damn cool
People watching iron man and here I am. Fe2+
running man ep 145 to cheer me up now yay
Yay going grocery shopping with my man again!
man. on everything I need start doing eye exercises lol ????
#nw running man with bro? Unexpectedly his watching it too!
Man. Now thats raining heavily i should say.
China's richest man smeared over Picasso painting twitterurl
difference between man and woman living tgt haha
Ouyeaaah ?? Whine Up (feat. Elephant Man) by Kat DeLuna ??? twitterurl
"You're not a man when you hit a woman."
supernatural gives me feels man #EMAzing One Direction
Shall watch running man once she is asleep
Ah fuck that was a big celebration man.........
Error establishing a database connection. SQL crash man.
Tonight... What time is the MV coming out man
You can kill a man, but not his idea
Never mind. I shall continue watching my running man. Hahahah
Man jailed, caned for molesting another on bus twitterurl
Man jailed for attacking 3 others in party brawl twitterurl
to go boldly where no man has gone before
'The Amazing Spider-Man' Dibuatkan Spin-Off twitterurl
Naz won by chance sia fuck u man
(yahoo) Falling roof debris in Bedok nearly hits man twitterurl
Talking about watch... I want a new watch man. Seriously.
Alamak that guy was right behind me man. Haha
Wonders why even running man went mama for.. haha
I'm a man of many wishessssss sob sob
Just got home, its time to feast on mcwings man
I think i need to take care of myself man.
I need one of those camping lamps here man.
Dude come one man that was like..... FUCKIN LAME?!!! Hahahaha
Why this china man staring at my crotch
that was tiring man urgh ok everyone is asleep
Why Welbeck?? Merepek man. Why not Kagawa or Hernandez la.
Reach home then got running man ep on one wahh
Ended work. Man, first time going home from work late.
(asiaone) Man found dead outside Swissotel The Stamford hotel twitterurl
Heard that Sir Alex going to resign Man United .
I am fangirling to a dead man halp
Wtf man cigg price when up again cb
Fuck man this song brings back alot twitterurl
(today) Man jailed for pawning stolen jewellery twitterurl
Oh ya later new running man episode coming out
#np when I was your man . Favv song ever ! Awhhh
Man in critical condition after shooting at French daily twitterurl
I do not see Man United Fans hurmmm
Man filmed spitting at woman arrested twitterurl #Singapore
Flirting with your friend's man is such a bitch move
Cough and flu. Nu nu not funny man
Oh man I think I'm quite yolo ah shucks
Born to be a one man show ... hurts ...
Police arrest man suspected of stabbing girlfriend with scissors twitterurl
nick vujicic on channel 5.Great man.Great man.
fucking miss these two dutchman so fucking bad man twitterurl
Man jailed for stealing parts from 34 motorcycles twitterurl
Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague's breast twitterurl
ultron's gonna appear already? without ant man? wtf
Hahaa wtf man city, theyre rapin norwich wtf hahaha
"Yet each man kills the thing he loves"
Man gets 6 years' corrective training for various offences twitterurl
surface hang all the way,f up man...
Yoon doo driving is the coolest thing man...
I still have no idea what's going on man waht
Theres no perfect man because bob marley said so. twitterurl
Man I wish I got a shiny froakie
I really need to go fr a jog man!
Now malaysia has fake police... what the fuck man really
Why I feel this channel u show like running man??
Three years' jail for man who forged dollar notes twitterurl
Man arrested for acting as money mule twitterurl
nicholas hoult is so hot man. omg im in love
Wtf my sia just called me me fatso . Dafuq man
Man niggas will do and say anything these days
Watching Man U vs Bayer with ma homie. twitterusername twitterurl
Man can you imagine them playing Scotland's Shame live omg!?
Niall's guitar part is so GOOOOD. So sexy man omg
Eating breakfast at the airport. I WANT STARBUCKS MAN.
Being the last in class just sucks man
Geog is a pain in the ass man. Wtf
Man jailed 9 months for taking upskirt videos  twitterurl
Fear no man that bleeds like you bleed
I got tons of respect for this man. twitterurl
Running Man Episode 165 was great!!!! WHAT A LUCKY GIRLLLL!!!!
The day I'm free,like nobody going to Zouk man
So tired after basketball . Shall watch running man now :)
one of my luckiest moment. favourite single, favourite man. twitterurl
rachel had an amazing audition but tonight idk man
relaxing smoking view man @ The Fullerton Bay Hotel twitterurl
Dew and this damn Mr. Ice Cream Man song lol
What's up with what I'm feeling now man!?
"twitterusername twitterusername YEAH MAN UR NIGHT IS MADE"\
(today) Man charged with robbery, used toy gun twitterurl
Hey girl , is he everything you wanted in a man ?
Allergies r the most horrible thing u can have man.
young man new to the job... now i see why
Too early man too early!! Anyone at bishan....?
Man w a mission cheh mcm phm haha
Going to see Running Man tomorrow. Can't wait.
Wouldnt it be cool to have running man in singapore
Cant't wait to see running man later ! :)) twitterusername
Stupid running man fans. Get a life la pls.
Man with knife arrested trying to enter Buckingham Palace twitterurl
Niki #Lauda, the Man and His Racing Legend -  twitterurl
Singapore man loses leg but finds love twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Singapore man loses leg but finds love twitterurl
Jia Qi bai should stop licking ma damn face man
Man jailed for punching cabby, fined for damaging vehicles twitterurl
Real man use no power steering *Bener gag sih*
Man I wish dj sapau isaac come to singapore ah.
Fucking right eye swollen like some freaking pau. Sheesh man.
Football: Dortmund stay top after routing 10-man Freiburg twitterurl
AND IM HERE ANNOUCED twitterusername HE IS A CRUEL MAN ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Man, I'm starting to really hate times like this lol
??twitterusername twitterusername lol man you come see me??? Your location?
psh running man ep 166 is out..... </3
Omg this episode of running man I'm laughing badly!!!!!
Haven't been spending time with some people..oh man.
Sape fans Man Utd ? meyh sini aku nak follow .
Praise for medic who helped man in accident twitterurl #Singapore
#HennessyBlack making grown man tap out !!!! Lol twitterurl
man this is a fucking waste of time
Hennes is gonna quiet without twitterusername take care man!
Man of Tai Chi, was not such a bad movie.
Man id still do anything for that back.
zizan iz the new hero in Cicak Man
Kept repeating also useless. So ya fuck it man.
seriously man, what a good looking family twitterurl
Eight iPhone Apps To Help You Survive Burning Man
Man my head hurting to my neck tho .
2NE1 in Running Man on ONE HD now.
I have no choice bt to skip running man MEH
those who watch running man catch the joke.
Fucked up bus driver sia Lucky you stop man.
I shall study aft watching Running Man.! Muahahaaa!!!
Oh man, long ride home from Yishun to Tampines.
annoying left about 15 minutes to reach destination fuck man
Everydaaaayyyy and keep repeatin the same thing Running man hahaha
Eurgh you're such a dickhead screw you man
??twitterusername Running Man Fanmeet in SG this October! twitterurl
Watching Man of Tai Chi (at Ade Home) ??? twitterurl
The latest episode of running man fucking funny sia
Bg aku man of the match, Izham Tarmizi
Happy Birthday twitterusername ! Have a Blast Wise Man!
Man helps himself to coffee at McDonald's without buying anything\
Man jailed for abetting another to pay teen for sex\
just finished watching running man so it's time for twitterurl
Man accused of filming women in church toilets twitterurl twitterurl
Going back with man utd jersey tmrw. Whoop whoop!
Watching running man with twitterusername ! Can't wait for twitterusername
Fuck my distorted navel piercing man. Fuck it.
There's Running Man cast at Zouk tonight meh?
Bits and parcels of the new songgg! Yeah man!
Man gets 7 years for poisoning Japanese girl's feet twitterurl
wtf running man tickets are sold out? fml
#nw Running Man via my laptop in the bus :)
Honesty pays off for homeless US man twitterurl via twitterusername
Shit , I got to be free on 23 nov man :<
So much respect for you lah bro ??? Thanks man twitterurl
Running man fan meet on oct 19 in Singapore !
'He's proof one man can make a difference' twitterurl #Singapore
[ST] Man gets smaller payout over car crash twitterurl
Aww friendly barista man :) cheerfulness really goes a long way
We got something in common , i dont fuck man .
"twitterusername supporting Man City for tonight only HAHAHAAH" seriously?
Even running man cant make me laugh now :(
(asiaone) Weaning S'pore off the Great Man leadership style twitterurl
Even Satanists don't kill children. What the fuck man.
Old man ian is calling me an halmoni ???(???????? ) nu uh
Teaching my younger brother to be a man hahahah
so close to watching justin bieber live??. shit man.
Oh man gonna miss seven collar ts again .. :(
This game is like playing Fifa on semi pro man
#Pornhubtaughtme that being a delivery man is not that bad.
Why funshion mobile version haven upload the latest running man. :(
Watching running man from my ps3 hahaha!! twitterurl
Now watching : Running Man 163 (at Home) ??? twitterurl
Hhaahah ! Running man first part already so hilarious!
True:)"twitterusername Put your trust in God, not man."
[CNA] Life in jail for man in fatal stabbing  twitterurl
"now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man."
sometimes you have got to accept the facts man
yea, time for some awesome Running Man! Idols special haha
Man accused of having drugs in car twitterurl twitterurl
watching the man kicking some balls. twitterusername  twitterurl
I fucking gave up on POA man seriously
It's hot as fuck out here man goddamn
Busy man . Can't find what I want sia .
Song Ji Hyo - Scary Moment (Running Man) || AHAHAHAHHAA THISSS twitterurl
si man the titanium fucking cute sia. HAHAHHAHAAHHAAH
Man hacks game to propose to girlfriend twitterurl twitterurl
Dear Man, please don't leave a scar on woman.
Finally watching all the running man I missed on!
#old #man selling #balloons on the #streets of #beijing. twitterurl
[CNA] S'pore man remains under detention in Malaysia twitterurl
#NowListening Bruno Mars - when i was your man
Man charged with 260 counts of taking upskirt videos twitterurl
is fawazz a demonic person? ??? No man twitterurl
psh people im still cute man. nothing freaking happened lol.
Man arrested in Buckingham Palace after scaling fence twitterurl
oh man... want throw water big uhhh.. stomach ache
Man I am feigning for some Filipino food something awful...
GRIDAE running man must watch once its out
The running man epsiode today, DAMN EPIC. HILARIOUS ENTRANCE! XD
man im really so.... ahhhhhhh................ hate being sick
Looking forward to the next outing with the boys man!
[PICS] Running Man EPI 162 - HAHA with Infinite L & SungGyu \
is there an other link to watch running man now?
seriously repeating running man from EP 1 again :)
omg humanities is a lot of hard work man
Wah, Man City also losing? That one is ok. Lol!!!
Looks like Man City is losing to Aston Villa too??.
seriously feel like smashing my whole laptop now fuck man
I need a complimentary make up job for tomorrow man
Man tits are always going to be touched.
It's been a while. I miss this charming man. twitterurl
(today) Man charged with committing armed robbery twitterurl
Wow Spider Man going to fight off 3 villains!!
[CNA] Man arrested for armed robbery in Geylang Bahru twitterurl
Wanna see a epic & historical match between Man United & Everton :)
Why is the fucking welbeck starts for man u ?
words from one of the sexiest man living
chanyeol better not do any bedscene or whatever man omg
Naughty Onew. Stop teasing us you old man! twitterurl
(asiaone) Man arrested for snatch theft in Sengkang twitterurl
CBS > Cops: Man killed stepfather with "atomic wedgie" twitterurl #news
My throat hurts and I'm sneezing like mad. Shush man.
[CNA] Man probed for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks twitterurl
man im in love with mah uniform ! hahahah !
Police looking for 48-year-old man twitterurl #Singapore
Fuck man sudden craving for twitter fries la :(
Sorry dude, busy working man.. Happy belated birthday! twitterusername
Thid drinking habit has to stop man omg
Happy Birthday twitterusername ! Enjoy yourself man have a blast. Noob
Free kick!, every man for himself #protectfamilyjewels twitterurl
Wa one yr ago hsc prom I miss everyone man!!
freaked out man can't stop thinking about it
Had fucking enough of this shit man like lol really
<<When great love is rejected, something inside a man dies.>>
Gonna have sex with agk till the sun sets man.
I'm black man. Nothing wrong with being just black lol
Man hides under Beijing Metro seats to touch women's legs\
(topix) 29th man in online vice ring convicted twitterurl
Gerrard pulled a muscle. Get well soon big man!
The big man is not messing around. twitterurl
5 episodes of running man today my eyes are burning!!!
??twitterusername those were the days twitterurl Looking good man!
I got lucky man! I got the body shop! Huhuhuhu
[TNP] Singaporean man jailed for cyber-terrorising US singer twitterurl
Man, I miss you so much but its not easy...
Christian man converts to islam after losing this debate. twitterurl
Australian wildfire razes 27 homes, one man dead twitterurl
flashing back, our conversations are really worth laughing man
Man this is sucking the life outta me
"twitterusername This man has balls twitterurl Wah cb
Watching Iron Man 3 (with Andi Ratu) ??? twitterurl
I miss my bro sleeping over man #party #laughter
omg at the fansite HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH GOOD IDEA MAN
He dating the Evangeline? ??? I don't know man twitterurl
"The one man show". Mi columna Montecassino en ABC  twitterurl
fuck school man I wanna go to bro's POP
hot tea with She's The Man on lappie ??? twitterurl
The flower pot man has done one, grand #cricket
After exams i'm a free man la assholes!
Srly the two old man sitting beside me stinksssssssssss
Anyone over 150 pounds is a man in my eyes
Watching The Man With the Iron Fists ??? twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for throwing bicycle from flat twitterurl
Watching Ip Man while studying. Mcmane tuuu hahahah
Sorry, I'm not the strong man you want .
Class is chaotic man lucky i nvr go
Emaho > Zhang Huan: The Man with Three Legs twitterurl #photography
Man found guilty of bribing SCDF officer twitterurl
[NEWS] 'Running Man' cast greets students on college campuses twitterurl
Why is the bald man appear in every episode?
Man hammers friend out of jealousy twitterurl #Singapore
British man jailed for threatening to kill Prince Harry twitterurl
oh man i really enjoying AOA latest MV
I'm Loving These New Sounds Man #OHBOY #DCMG
Wait? You watch Running Man too?! Let's be friends.
who the fuck r u man. play boy.
Looking at this Pizza user making me crave man
yay chengding is the best man, he's so kind & understanding
My fifa career mode, man u, has mata alreadyy hehehhe
Happy Birthday twitterusername Have a great one man!
Doing algebra is more fun than doing this man
Man arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs twitterurl
wtf watford winning man city at etihad stadium!
Running man with boy , maksu and lulu hehe
Football: Man City survive FA Cup scare against Watford twitterurl
To sleep or continue with physic notes... Oh man
Hey twitterusername you gotta come back to singapore man.
Running man and sleep . 2nd shift at 2am .
Man I just wanna chill and smoke my weed..
Man arrested for involvement in loanshark activities twitterurl #Singapore
twitterurl Abandoning Olympus: Mega Man???s creator on going indie\
EH aunty making the drinks. Hurry man. 825 liao
I Swear twitterusername Is My RIGHT HAND MAN!! $$$$$ #DCMG
Why ...are....you...being ....so ....stubborn???? THAT MAN YOUR BROTHER
Try me old man , try stopping me from everything
Help me do this work man I'm struggling here
Wow even YouTube artists are coming on the voice man!!!!!!!
is watching Barcelona dominate man city in possession
[TNP] Man fined $18,000 for running illegal school twitterurl
Oh shit i forgot to download running man episode 185
Wah i need to pee man so nervous
Wtf thats not even funny man 49 games
Caught between being a boy and a man.
My confidence is just shot right now, man. Shit.
500px / Man in the Moon by Peter Heil : twitterurl twitterurl
Wifi down again! Watching running man half way!
????? RT twitterusername 140223 Running Man in Melbourne Australia filming.\
Man arrested for causing hurt with dangerous weapon twitterurl
fuck man i need to get a new phone
this digestion topic is..... zzzzz why man why
My sister really leading the high life at NYGH man
10 more mins. been standing for 2 hours man twitterurl
My first experience with the rudest old man. Emberassing fuck.
Erra what the heck man, Yusri gone ni pun gone
Totally got the feel of eating a chocolate tart man
I'm not gonna drink rice wine anymore man yuck
Football: Inter confirm signing of Man Utd's Vidic twitterurl
Appeal for information on missing man twitterurl #Singapore
Still haven't watch last week episode of running man
Outside foot goal from nasri for man city
Man jailed, caned for molesting 2 teenage boys twitterurl
Holyshit Running man in Australia episode seems awesome.
Man in iconic WW2 kissing photo dies twitterurl
Man, what the fuck happened to the Heat...?
you're just sick man so fucking sick argh yuckkkkkkkk
She got them booties but saggy boobies. Naww man
[CNA] Man jailed for smuggling puppies into Singapore twitterurl
Eat more. Run 10x more. ??? wait long long man twitterurl
Seriously man, single deck? Da fug you thinking
Get a pair, and start acting like a man.
[CNA] Man jailed 18 months for misappropriating fuel twitterurl
[TODAY] Man who allegedly molested teenager in Woodlands arrested twitterurl
Online gaming addict Korean man arrested over son's death twitterurl
Optometry Running Man theme. Nursing Hunger Games theme. Cool
The weather man did not say it supposed to rain
come on man, its been way too long already. :( #PrayForMH370
What the fuck! No one man down?! Penalty?!
Man united is loosing possession so easily now.
Beauty queen sorry for mocking man online twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Beauty queen sorry for mocking man online twitterurl
Really want to see man city thrash wigan later
Discussing graduation with the moms man it's coming so quick
[TODAY] Man jailed for uploading nude photos of mistress twitterurl
My man is being so quiet it's unusual.
wah fuck man im best at losing things
Watching the man u game in the club LOL
Gonna FIFA or watch running man till subuh
NOOOOOO why is Running Man Ep 188 down :(
Ugh watching Man U matches just pisses me off now
Man I got class at 8 tho...smh
[CNA] Man in alleged spitting incident takes stand twitterurl
Man I'm high off life. Fuck it, I'm wasted
PM twitterusername first time see hungry man in Netherlands! twitterurl
early morning ruin my mood just gtfo man
China jails man for planning Tiananmen protest twitterurl
Watching Last Man Standing season 3 at work. #selfie twitterurl
Fuck man el,stop lazing ard on the kitchen floor.
I envy you alot man.... ??? Aww why! twitterurl
Florida is going to be so goddamn hot today man
[TODAY] Man charged with hurting police officer twitterurl
#LittleIndiaRiot: Officer cannot recognise man whose arrest he ordered twitterurl
Southampton level with Man City through Lambert penalty!
[CNA] Man charged with being drunk, hurting police officer twitterurl
Man charged with being drunk, hurting police officer twitterurl
Bayern die finish! Man U start dey score 4 that
who was that mad man shouting SM IS ONE?!
People who last seen me, just go fuck yourself man
mum thought maria brink singing was a man i???
just finished watching my favourite episode of running man haha
??twitterusername 140407 Running Man Filming  WOO&JUN. K&KHUN twitterurl
Man found dead at Peninsula Excelsior Hotel, police investigating twitterurl
Man arrested for alleged housebreaking and theft in Hougang twitterurl
Faceplaming myself so badly at exo running man episdoe
Malaysian man arrested for attempting to breach Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
Welcome back Man United, u've been gone for so long
Man gets five years' corrective training for housebreaking twitterurl
Man City nak rogol West Brom ke acane? Haha
Im not even sleeping. Its better when im sick man.
Update on the Hottest Man Alive: Cho Kyuhyun twitterurl
coleman is really fucking scary man I SWEAR
I am not a number, I am a free man.
I be feeling like the man when I walk through
Owning a macbook pro damn shiok man, laptops are awesomez.
fuck it man. can't watch tonight's match, sch tmr .......
I need to sleep, pretty soon! Long day tomorrow man
oh man i forgot to wear pink today
The man guarding the left speaker. @ ??????????? oysters twitterurl
Erthing funni bout him man im waab now
March? Last man standing for two days. Fuck up. Berani?
#RosesAreRedVioletsAreBlue you copy the red , well fuck you Man Blue .
Is Howard Webb coming on for Man U?
Come on man my stomach is rumbling ald
Wah man utd could been fucked right now
Wearing my iron man hoodie bcos it's so damn cold.
Sudden craving for Auntie Anne's uh oh oh man :(
Man United match this monday against Reading #MUNREA
Still laughing over what the indian guy sang earlier man. ??????
Man it should be Eric Bledsoe/Kenneth Faried!
that is so not cool man , get it right
Man charged with molesting teen male on bus twitterurl
gotta go home and study geog kill me man
"twitterusername #IWishICouldMeet Running Man members!" THIS THIS THIS!!!
looking back at my facebook photos, major facepalm man.
Do anything for my man baby you blow me away
I look like chinawoman sia pls man pls twitterusername twitterurl
POSB closed.. Cool man, wasted trip. Good job KiaYang! ????
US hunter acquitted of killing man mistaken for bear twitterurl
What's with today man why am I feeling this way
cool to see jackie chan in running man
Man, today's just not my day at work.
Tired as shit man omfg this is bad
aw man :( wont get to make the hamburger tmr ??
Man utd fans put your fucking hands up!!!!
jackie chan trending because of running man :D
Man City , Barcelona , Chelsea & Real Madrid aiming for Neymar .
Not this man! (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Man of the match got to be lopez!!
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii twitterurl via twitterusername
Not looking for a boyfriend. Lookin for a MAN
yeah man, who would wanna. #tumblr #love twitterurl
I'm just a man . I'm not a hero .
Fucking done with exams! Say hello to the holidays man!
So fucking rude are you even a man?
Teaching my sis maths is like a torture man....
#nowplaying when i was your man, bruno mars.
omg poor tiger. fml there's a storm. shit man.
Few hours left to see man u game ths morning!
Man United srsly playing quite shitty in the 2nd half...
Fuck!! This shit.. whats wrong man whats wrong huh..
i need a break from all this man
Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications twitterurl
Come on chappy, its not like what you see man.
??twitterusername Sob sob handsome young man ??twitterusername Traffic Reset ??! \
Photoset: Running Man Code2????? Dancing Machine Giraffe twitterurl
Can die man. RT twitterusername Hot weather + heavy bag = ????????????????
Man I had some fun times on the yard #Reminiscing
RUNNING MANNN!! ??twitterusername Running Man Star comes to Singapore twitterurl
Eh tonight Man U got game right? Vs who ah?
You're next. :') RT twitterusername 15 months probation, that's long man.
Man city go home la ! 1-0 ! Nice one !
anyone wants to get autographed man in love ;___;
This song doesn't get old to me man.
It's raining its pouring the old man is snoring....
Anwar: I'm not the man in the photos.\
Feel like heading to JB tomorrow but no member man.
a 173 man? ??? Nah idk it really depends la twitterurl
Bocah abnormal --> "twitterusername When I was Your Man"
Pause Running Man and take care of my little brother.
Sibei hot weather. Sweat like nobody business man. Tsktsk. twitterurl
Those were the days man, our thug life. twitterurl
Finally home la. Wah damn hot man the sun.
"twitterusername Gettin swole as fuck with my homey twitterurl man..
while waiting , i hve to survived watching running man . damn .
a boyfriend like this? forget about that man.
Don't want see your face man. Like seriously nb.
running man has their own comic book? DEABAK HAHAHAHHAHAH
wah fuck man my nose is damn painful
Radio playing the national anthem, that's some scary duck man.
sum btchz yelling for gaby's man. qet redy tu scrap.
twitterurl Yeah man, RESPECT. Just doing the right thing.
this white man on jerry springer funny af lmao
[CNA] Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong twitterurl
Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong twitterurl #Singapore
Good Morning. Man.. Powernap shipk uh. 1 hour pun jadi.
The plural for man is men. Not mans. God.
What am I doing w my life man
Re-tuned guitar using my iPhone. Oh man how pathetic :(
RT twitterusername stop trying to attract attention man omgggg!!! ???
Apple man fearing dark days for cloud via twitterusername twitterurl
twitterusername man... You're an iphone hard core! :-D
RT twitterusername Man, I so wanna own a iPhone 5! :-(
time to get my lazy ass off the bed man.
Heyy man Im just got home leii twitterusername !!
Shall watch running man after I get tweet jail lol
This man twitterusername is a clown for that. Lmfaoooooooo
i so want a gibson hummingbird. powerful acoustic shit man
Japanese man shows off his iPhone 'quick-draw' system twitterurl
so long since i last ate it man .
Old man, young woman: Check out Hollywood's most mismatched couples\
Oh man pity all those getting commissioned today ):
What shit songs playing on the radio man
Stomach hurts, eyes tearing, man, im having the best laughter ??
Why you being so proud? Loosen up, man
A real man will see what's a real woman worth.
Laughing like some fucking retard watching party games MAN AHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
Man United spectators got Red Smoke. Wow. Confirm kecoh. Haha
Spend the night watching Man u match at #firestation.
I know temple run and 2013 yeah but whatever man
Having my dinner now before Man Utd VS Liverpool starts
[ST] Man gets 12 years' jail for fatal stabbing twitterurl
Running man til 9.30 then I'll... Rest on my bed :)))
Fuck la delayed. Im rushing for time man seriously
Should've gone to coop first before coming to class man
& this Sean Malto dude is fucking good man
#Nowplaying The Script - The Man Who Can't Be Moved
Fav player/character in Running Man, Lee Kwang Soo!!! #kbai
The face of a free man !!!! And off tomara !!!! twitterurl
It's All Apart Of Becoming A Man! #DCMG
My face look like some fly man all
Ooo yay... flight schedules out... man flying off again...
Haha zai chill man. I got eveything under control.
A man heads ro2 work now omg tired.
#nowplaying The Script - The Man Who Can't Be Moved
I stopped  being a pussy and i man up.
Fk the smell. The rubbish man. Is collecting the garbages.
wahhh shiok chilli crab cereal prawn man tou
mac cafe well done man. best coffee haha
Lawan Man utd for today memang power..3 point please  !
Aw, man, I shot Marvin in the face.
Man its going to be a long day at work
running man eng sub is out~ damn fast!
running man last 2 survivors... lol... worst case scenario.......
Sial la now he want to fuck man
Was one of the #Bond girls formerly a man?   twitterurl
Still watching Running Man from just now! Huhu
#nowplaying When i was your man. - Bruno Mars
Pray n let it go "twitterusername Tired of crying man."
Face it man. He's not gonna reply you idiot.
Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology twitterurl
"you talk about me like....you fcking know me man..."
Dload running man please RT twitterusername downloading :3
running man ep 129 omg minho so cute!!!
I'm now only episode 100 of running man
Done watching the running man episodes tht i missed
Malaysian FA Cup: 10-man LionsXII crash out twitterurl
Bow wow still look good, that's a fine young man
Sharon Chan says she wants a man, not a boy\
#NowPlaying When I was Your Man by Bruno Mars . .
damn i need practice for this song man
Snopeee lol "twitterusername Awh Man ! You Don't Like Me ?"
Follow My Homie twitterusername Man!! I Support His Movement! #DCMG
My phone is on it's period today man!!!!!
, oh nawl never gone have my man...in bmt.? twitterusername
Man I want somebody to buy me something for valentines
Wtf. I feel damn sad for the dun man student.
Just completed a 1.83 mi run - Running man! . twitterurl #RunKeeper
Man I'm having a hard time packing my shoes !!!!
Later got safety briefing after work. Why man? Whyyyyy!?!!!
At Vietnam so kecoh because of running man! XD
??twitterusername ?????? ??twitterusername Yeah man tmr no sch for me??????
the bus is takin a long time man
jus hope nt sick! i dun wanna fall sick man!
I still gt the king robert breath .. Fck man ..
Man U got so many chances to make it 3...
Oh man. Long time i didn't used Foursquare apps.
Kevin Prince Boateng is going to Man City!
Dont know wtf man wrong w the train these days.
how many was that 2 v 8????? the fuck man
Omg me too!! ??twitterusername #Tbh I've never watched running man.???
Finally.. Rooney.. Fantastic strike. Man Utd 2 Fulham 0
Man lets three young kids play at condo driveway\
Photo: NeWater Plant on Flickr. can film running man! twitterurl
Time for some Running Man in 1080p goodness. twitterurl
The fuck is wrong with twitter tonight man
#nowplaying When i was your man - Bruno Mars.
Ameilia: Everyone is all over the place man! << totally.
Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council twitterurl
Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council twitterurl #Singapore
Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council  twitterurl
[Y!] Car falls into man-made sinkhole twitterurl
This is too boring. Shall watch running man
Man United Tour 2013: Australia, Yokohama, Hong Kong. twitterurl
Its time. To watch Running Man ep 131.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley Everything Gona Be Alright Man! twitterurl
How running man can bring us up together twitterurl
Not the right time to fall sick man. ??
Woah daebak running man is in Vietnam right now. :(
Kat sini smue terrace house lagi so the seram man
Part 2. twitterusername fuck man I'm full of nonsense.  twitterurl
Photo: comfort-ably-numb: Not so slender man twitterurl
twitterurl money man, but bet i got some weed
#NowListening Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man
that hole picture seriously got to stop man
No one confesses to me. Aw man. :( #TPconfessions
Just recieved an amazing news omg God loves me man
Donnie Yen has lost interest in filming Ip Man twitterurl
The graphic is excellent man! Square enix woohoo! twitterurl
??twitterusername It's raining its pouring !??? The old man is snoring
Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear             twitterurl
Man Struck by Lightning 4 Times, Then Buried Alive twitterurl
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.\
Omg i tot man utd match was later morning
Some people just need to stfu & not assume things man.
[TNP] Man collapses during dragon boat training twitterurl
Glass Bottom plane anyone ? twitterurl Richard Branson is the man !
#nowplaying twitterusername - When I Was Your Man #BeFresh w/ Bella
Flirt + Nk step mane peh gangster ... Ewww no way man -.-
??twitterusername Torres tak main :(??? he is shit man
''Man of the Match'' of 7th leg goes to...!!\
I know you not gettin loud w me young man. ???
Police looking for man involved in loanshark harassment twitterurl #Singapore
No man is safe from the war going on outside.
Just stop with taking initiative man no fucking point lol
What's wrong with me man............. Lovey dovey emo shits & blahblahblah
A muslim man being stepped on after facing death. ?? twitterurl
What are you thinking man aren't you contradicting yourself..
One does not simply give directions to a man
Awh man i surely miss you this saturday ;(
Lazaro is sweating like he just ran a marathon man
Wah cb Falcao to Man Utd. This shit is bananas.
it couldn't be happening now man. damn pain.
A man sends this video as a wedding gift\
HAHA ??twitterusername Running Man next week (Ep 141) twitterurl
Man. I just need someone to talk to ??
Alamak i hate wearing square tudung man it never cooperates!!!
Man accidentally shot neighbour with air rifle twitterurl
People are playing running man @ jp. Gerek pe
Everyone love Lil wayne... But Ludacris for me man
Iron Man id probably one of the Coolest Superheros! ????
nk cari one word pey susah . wht is this man .
I'm not your superman whatever man,I'm your firman :)
What is Bernie doing to that Pirelli man
happy birthday man! See you soon . Ride safely okay (: twitterusername
Omg scared Max ); don't dare sleep man >; but so tired
Man i keep wanting to vomit but im afraid idky.. :/
"But me and grungy f*ckin it man\
#nowwatching chelsea vs man city, go chelsea goooooo!!  #CFC #cfcwembley
Man Infringes Copyright to Profit from Boston Bombing twitterurl #photojournalism
cant jog like i used to. need more trianing man.
Man jailed 3 months for burning neighbour's baby accidentally twitterurl
Omw to cck with man pon haziq and fir
[TNP] Man arrested for bribing police officers twitterurl
Photoset: what are you doing camera-man?? twitterurl
Jemu tgk gambo ala2 the man who sold the bra
??twitterusername someone tell me if chelsea wins man u okay???
Gonna be a hobo two weeks later man.
I must watch Running Man tonight!!!! 2NE1!!!1
(asiaone) Appeal for next-of-kin of man twitterurl
oh man...think miss the part where Qun come out
twitterurl haha this is classic man. ASIAN BSB
aw man controlling what i eat is TORTURE
I so cannot perform in the morning man
Ahhh man got arab things to hafal. Gahh!!
Enjoy having talks with Papa :-) such an understanding man.
Watching Running Man ep 162 for the second time :)
can't wait for next ep of running man! #bigbang
fck man she started late and she got selected?????? urgh
Manly man face or pretty momma's boy face?
Seriously, I can't sleep if it's not charging man..
Yayy running man!! been waiting for this ep yayy yayy!
Last long with sara man ??? Awww thank you :) twitterurl
Oh man they're all K.O after a long day + WTL
The essay outlines are NOT feasible during exams man...
Ehh i cant stand staying in this house man
Running Man still treding eh kt twitter wow! =)
S Korea kills man swimming to North twitterurl
I Know It's Nothing But Fuck! Come On Man!
Rather sit on your ass begging from another man
Wearing running man tee without a name tag..... Stupid
Watching Running Man with GDaeRi and laughing like a maniac
Wah today my cousin tweets all reliable and relatable man !!!
Omg this Running Man episode is freaking precious!!!!!!
WALAO running man coming Singapore on 19 Oct!? #olevelpains
#nowwatching she's the man online. one funny movie heh
Where's my chocolate man? Why neh reply me? Hais.
Weaning S'pore off the Great Man leadership style twitterurl #Singapore
twitterurl oh man the remaining times is ''3d''
american version of running man umm what it looks horrible ._.
theres only 1 english player playing for man c lol
It's going to be City 6-1 Man united.
haha holy shit man u is getting trashed.
Man city has really been injuring their own teammates
Man Utd scores after Young being subbed off. \
hahaha stupid man first time chasing 400 god damn it.
LMFAOOOOO "twitterusername Fuck wrong with these hoes man twitterurl
Fuck man, Iphone wire spoil again. Fucked up. URGH
Just finish EPISODE 50-51 of running man :)
Eh one more hour what is this man
Finally got some time to watch running man eps 147!
Man you are so annoying. Stop breathing i hate you
Running Man episod 1 . Ah rindu flowerboy Jongki.
man, Massa was just a passenger in that crash :\\
Man! That humongous snake can seize me easily
The most inspiring man in my life. twitterurl
fuck this man. First lady now uncle. Seriously people
This Man Took My Car On The Highway . .
"twitterusername Super Junior .. the last man standing T.T twitterurl
Slept during man of steel, and im so lethargic now
Waste my fucking time man seriously waste my fucking time
Its 10pm and I haven't eat my dinner. Goodjob man.
Quay needa brng her ass too town man
??twitterusername twitterusername lol man its thundering :((??? :(( thunder buddies for life!?
Same "twitterusername I'm living a lonely ass life man jeez"
{Fun - Monday Blue!} Man cut in half. twitterurl
Man does anything ever work out for me
Exactly.RT twitterusername Most fucked up day ever to dota man
Stop the hate leave my man kobe alone twitterurl
Guy will so childish one ah I didn't know man.
#nowlistening Despised Icon's The Ills of Modern Man album
Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio twitterurl
Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio  twitterurl
HAHAHA RT twitterusername Smoking can shorten a man???s penis.
Really not a good start for Moyes at Man U :/
Barclays Asia Trophy 2013: Tottenham, Sunderland, Man City & South China...
Making my way to SIM university. Its today. Nervous man.
I forgot his birthday oh man, how can I !
Running Man on channel one now guise. The 100th episode!!
I'm.changing to jabra headphones man so much better.. omg twitterurl
finally, i got photoshop CS6 on my laptop. oh man
HAHA thinking about the swimming incident, it's kinda scary man.
(today) Man charged with using criminal force on teenager twitterurl
Running Man ep 159 now out in KSN guys!
Really trynaa be done with the weed man
theres cca today ((mood and life ruiner)) thanks man
Journey Of Man; A Genetic Odyssey!... twitterurl via twitterusername
(today) S???pore man remains under detention in Malaysia twitterurl
It's raining it's pouring the old man is snoring.
Just wtf is wrong with me man. Zzzzzzzzzzz
I'm being called a man-whore for nothing. Haha
Who the hell you think you are, young man?
'Woah man I don't know you, prank caller, prank caller!'
First tym watching Iron Man 3... And damn its awesone
My director Soma & Camera man Chris D discussing gear. twitterurl
not a good month. fak man fak meh
Oh man. Not again this thing is happening. Fml!
Prev rt crack me up man omg hahaha!!!
I can never imagine my life without Running Man.
Come on lah Faris Ramli you're better than this man
Fuckin tired man, like seriously i need to rest...
Even the tin man got a heart in the end.
the most stupid man on earth is the one who
Lucky I'm awake! The running man shirt are here! ^^
Man arrested for making false bomb threat in Singapore:  twitterurl
I miss seeing my man Rudy in a Memphis uniform
So cold. Need a hot chcolate milk man hais
Shit man! I got school tmr how to party tdy?!
Tmr after watch iron man go chiong bs till rank
Watching Iron Man 3 (with twitterusername at twitterusername ??? twitterurl
What were you thinking man when you said that?
Youre most welcome ^^"twitterusername twitterusername HAHAH yeah thanks man ;D"
How are you ??? Doing good man. How about you? twitterurl
This man just said watch paint dry lmao smh
Ooo i got a clearer view man zzz .
Hey mister tambourine man play a song for me,\
You suck man! You're baddest friend ever I have!
Running man reminds me of mateen ok bye
Just survived watching running man using my phone. Hahha
Man charged with raping woman on bridge twitterurl twitterurl
Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution twitterurl
Man, i do miss the fun & laughter with them :(
C'mon man give me a break its friday
damn man,need to get this fking phone repaired
[CNA] Man arrested for making false bomb threat twitterurl
Dear youuu :) ??twitterusername If you are the right man............ twitterurl
Man so hot but i just wake up
Must catch iron man 3.... Bfr exams, aft studying woo
ah iron man now! ? h e a v e n
Iron man 3 is so hard to play sia .
[CNA] Man arrested for vandalising Cenotaph war memorial twitterurl
Hi guys anyone up for iron man 3?
my hair is getting from bad to worst man omg.
I am watching Iron Man 3. twitterurl #IronMan3
"twitterusername I'll be a walking speaker man" charles
its wiz khalifa man i got money an hoes
SHINee album release and Iron Man 3 tomorrow! Woohooo
You're not a man. You're a fucking boy.
Been waiting for the delivery man since 10.
What the fuck man I regret so bad
It'll be awkward seeing Man Utd without Sir Alex.
Man acquitted because of discrepancy in drug test twitterurl twitterurl
Shall spend my night watching running man episodes later
the plot twists in iron man 3 was AMAZING
If jiachek and jalyn gets together,woah best couple man.
heading out to causeway for iron man 3 ?
Starving for four days straight ain't healthy man!
Oh man.. This is gonna be a long day..
Shall watch running man cause it makes me happy.
Running man forever will fill up my boredom and laughter!
I dont feel like coming to sch man
Oh yea man. I haven't finish watching the latest RM!
why abang must play all of these . why man why .
"A broken man there is no one beside"
??twitterusername "twitterusername When I Was Your Man Islamic Version. twitterurl
Man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator twitterurl
Yeay no need to do dishes! nyehehe running man then~ ^^
This month's phone bill gotta be such a pain man
Rain please , cannot tahan this kind of weather man ..
Go iT alone by The Flying Dutch Man #nowplayonYoutube
haziq dh giler running man. you are not alone.
Yeah man, let's do this. My day just started.
"A man will ruin your lipstick, not your mascara."
we got 1 fucking time out left, man
Done with watching the latest episode of running man! :D
Please buck up on your english before indirecting tweets man.
Fml im watching running man again im getting addicted hELP
Ahhh , Man i goona take a break from my assignment !
#8964 thank you Tank Man for inspiring the oppressed. #tiananmen
My rooftop man <3 I love you (; #Happy28thParkYuchun #28thYuchunDay #6002theMicky
Man fuck these commercials, I want this game to finish
I just want to keep sleeping man this blows
Football: Unconvincing Dutch sweep 10-man China aside twitterurl
Running man ep 150 is all about Marvel! Woot woot
Still eating at this hour, tryna' gain weight man.
[ST] Man charged with spraying graffiti at skating bowl twitterurl
Congrats L-man of the year 2013 Sumatra Utara!!!!!!~
It's everything except for 2 numbers. Shit man! Hahahahaha
OPC tortures man to death over phone theft twitterurl
Cita is snoring like a obese man twitterurl
So I'm over here being crystal hype man
I gotta go clean this dog shit man
????????~^^ RT twitterusername Catch the Running Man! HAHA! twitterurl ??????
Simon Cowell spotted giving money to homeless man twitterurl twitterurl
#nowplaying Running Man Ep 165! Damn excited for this episode!
At macd safra watching man utd vs west brom
Man, my cardigan smells like the manufacturing plant.
To all plastic fans of man united. twitterurl
Could hardly get back into my civilian clothes, man. #hailPilates
Despite Man Utd's defeat, fan proposes to girlfriend twitterurl #Singapore
Man accused of causing mother's death escapes gallows twitterurl
diam la hor bullshyts. missed this man hahaha
Hoping for miracle today. twitterusername ain't getting anything man.
man fuck you and your I miss you shit
Watching my youngest brother slowly become a mature young man.
Omg i love the look of my keyboard man HAHAHAHA.
Wowww the video hyping up the cup so good man
Yeah man donuts from auntie and uncles hahaha
I was watching my man in love fancam shoot me
i shal go revise man!! tmr nt free liao..
[ST] Man jailed for attacking wife's lover with choppers twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed two months for slashing wife's lover twitterurl
move on man no point brooding over it.
Umm willian wants to join man u apparently
[ST] Praise for medic who helped man in accident twitterurl
shes only 16 but fuck man her voice
This chemistry question was so killing me man.
Sick on my birthday. Not cool man, seriously.
[CNA] Man charged with robbery, used toy gun twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername keep up the good work!!" yeah thanks man! (:
(today) Police seek information on missing man twitterurl
Fuck man,none of them are online to call.
Anyone want to watch Iron Man 3 with me?
Bitch whatcha looking at? I'm fucking iron man
Marketing Fundamental..... I can sleep throughout the lecture man.
When your friends man boobs are bigger than yours :|
got to stop fooling around during ofa man..
now my baby's dancing. she's dancing w another man
Havent watch running man yet. Must watch after work liao.
DisneyXD pun dah start premiere iron man-rathon -.-
Man I really needa study during the weekends too :-(
Just finish watching iron man 3 with twitterusername &twitterusername .
Might be watching iron man 3 with family tomorrow
Man ion wanna ride to cahokia alonee #boring
Running Man will be showing on channel u soon!! :D
??, twitterusername mad cus her man aint giving it up tonight
Running man on this time at one (y)
Too many legends retiring after this season. Kinda sad man!!! :(
Now my baby dancing . But she's dancing with another man .
Sigh, another wednesday long day man. Need to have patience.
i just coughed and omFg NIAGARA FALLS MAN NIAGARA FALLS
Stfu and wear your uniform LOL what's uniform man ??
Let's watch running man to kill my boredom instead.
Man United's future star Wilfred Zaha scored both goals. Yeah!!!
Damn ion think no man gone want K.Michelle
Man charged for overnight feast at US supermarket twitterurl
sergeant and all abusing their powers. ugh fuck man
13 hours in school. Fucking had it already man HAHA
what is wrong with instagram man u sux
See how man attempts to touch other guys on train\
Fuck That Shit Man And Everything That Happened ??
this man rly looks at people's phone to see details ??
#FalepFriday so we gonna play running man today ??
[CNA] Police appeal for information on missing elderly man twitterurl
I really need a middle finger emoji man
Otw to class, damn man I'm sweating like hell
Man I wish I could smoke right now
Oh my baby dancing , yes , she dancing with other man :) .
Pillow -K.Michelle..  this is the best song ever man.
i think he got the wrong person man. Lol twitterusername
Man ........??......... My WHOLE world literally jus came crashing down !!! ??\
Not a single fuck was given to man city
the betrayer club running man episode hahahha so hilarious!!
Glory glory Man United! And the Reds goes marching on
Wa fxcking headache man..... Feeling so uncomfortable now.
then now the weather like so humid, burning man.
Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral twitterurl
Oh man. Really fall sick. Having a bad flu now ):
20 more days... Shit man I gotta exercise ??
Snapchat is kinda distracting ... But it's addictive... Man .... ??
Man I'm really just lost as fuck lately smh .
[CNA] Man charged for importing puppies without licence twitterurl
It's not thay cold tonight oh man amin.
[ST] Man fined for stealing two $1K casino chips twitterurl
Today cher almost took our lives away man .... ??
Japan man, 80, scales Everest, sets record twitterurl
I love that otah man! So fucking handsome!
Yay running man is out! *throw everything aside*
Yall not together traci.. get over it man!
#NowPlaying Bruno Mars -When I was your man
Kpop Music Mondays: Eatyourkimchi LIKE A MAN! twitterurl (twitterurl #KAvenyou
Huang Wenyong: The Man behind the Star - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
' That's bullshit man. Not cool you son of a bitch '
I'm not the man your heart is missing
Alaric Tay. I love you man. Ohmygod too funny.
Watched finish running man. Should I do my homework..?
Seriously man, going out often doesn't mean that Im rich.
Now my baby dancing but she dance with another man :')
Urgh scared to go to the loo alone man.
Sorry but I'd take Crawford as my 6th man anyday.!
Tuesday i will wear the man u goalkeeper kit hehehe:)
man, i've forgotten how to draw a freaking dragon
Making me cry on my birthday ??!!! Man FUCK YOU!!...
Everyone is watching Iron Man 3 today ermagerd.
Out for lunch with old and young man
Gonna watch iron man 3 with boyfriend today??
My e-Entrepreneurship teacher is now a Hong Kong man....
Indian man on the train, playing with his beard. ??
Pimples start to appear what is this man
Iron Man, finally! (@ Shaw Theatres - twitterusername w/ 2 others) twitterurl
Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man....
fuck the middle man i need the plug
Watching Running Man with my whole family. twitterurl
This sunday, man u will be receiving the #bpl trophy
running man marathon right now cause i can ????????
Someone that i can call 'my man' ((i wish))
I'm going to shop my ass out today man
Man I swear ima wait 15more min then I'm crashing.
S'pore man with breast implants undergoes counselling twitterurl via twitterusername
Uhm Jung-hwa in Running Man 146 macam twitterusername . purrr.
Alltop RSS > Hong Kong: Man Kok Tsui Beach ????? twitterurl #photography
i always had a thing for that man lol
The fuck is wrong with the set up box man
Watching Running Man now!!! Kim SooHyun and Lee HyunWoo!!! ^__^
I'd die to be a chivalrous man one day
Man charged with stalking and harassing Jennifer Lawrence \
You're not the only one man! RTtwitterusername Forever. twitterurl
stop copying me man {{altho it's quite flattering}}
shit everywhere. wtf?! whats so hard to fucking flush man?!
So packed or wht the running man thingy
Man...lol #ItsTooEarly "twitterusername Draya is so stupid.???
young man with red eyes, glazed look speaks sober thoughts
man this isn't really making it easy for me
New York man hit by exploding toilet twitterurl
Man found dead outside Swissotel The Stamford twitterurl
Is this what you want everything in a man
Man overboard tix can purchase at inokii far east ?
Man jailed 3 months for fighting in public twitterurl
I dont think i'll be playing much of mstar man
EXO on running man, my dream came true :')
I need a break from ss and emaths man
i hate having a flu on a school week man
Old man teaching me how to bake France bread,wow
[CNA] Man jailed for stealing caged birds twitterurl
Hais have to wait until later to watch running man
Fuck man school ltr and now having bad hangover.
[CNA] Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague's breast twitterurl
Now my baby's dancing... but she's dancing with another man...
Fuck man forgot to bring my watch urgh
Drank Too Early Man, Now It's Wearing Off.
Cr??me caramel and churros. @ Common Man Coffee Roasters twitterurl
Gonna go for man overbaord with shak in dec
Screw Thor I'm superman MAN OF STEEL TOO GOOD
man fuck that. I gotta do this damn paper ???
Weather not helping man! Make me feel super sleepy :(
Failed agk again, what the fuck oh man.
I've got to step up my game man
Healthy living man! Important hehe #health #foodporn twitterurl
(asiaone) Police arrest man involved in spitting incident twitterurl
Mumford and Sons - Little Lion Man twitterurl twitterusername
Now my baby's dancing but she's dancing with another man
Ya man, every fucking body hates you dude
Man leave dAt nigga jaimis alone dat bitch lyin
[ST] Man charged with hacking AMK Town Council site twitterurl
Just gonna watch running man finish before sleeping..
Keep on missing you lil man. I can't stop.
I almost cried watching best man holiday fuck it lol
the camera man kept filming from this angle lolll twitterurl
Man investigated for lodging false police report twitterurl #Singapore
Man attacked by tiger at Steve Irwin's Queensland zoo twitterurl
It's like saying there's a Dead Man 5 band best
I wanna eat n sleep fuck dis class man
He's taking my space now aiseyh man..... twitterurl
first horror movie yeah man my beby dj
Man jailed for stabbing friend with a pair of scissors\
Im hungry on thanks giving man sum aint right bih
"twitterusername twitterusername cheer up! :)" trying to. Thanks man
Man, could've taken this 856 if not for rain.
Laughing my ass off to running man rofl
Wah Man U why you score now lose money alr.
Feelin so freakin lazy to get up man my goddddd
Wah, tonight got big game -> Chelsea v Man City.
Man jailed 14 months for threatening, hurting wife twitterurl #Singapore
Gonna download running man ep 170 after watching bujang lapok
And the man is still saying his prayers.
"cause it'll take a real man to handle me"
Zayn malik's family is blessed with good looking genes man
The movie 'one day' is so sad man. Goshh
Life for man " sex , weights and protein shake "
The Man Behind Android Is Now Building Robots For Google
a really good song man the singing rocks
[CNA] Man charged with committing armed robbery twitterurl
Stress about all the shit crap going on man
Okay whats wong with the new question man.
Why did we lose to the fucking chargers man !!!
131110  ??????? Running Man EXO Cut 540p: twitterurl via twitterusername
Goodluck Man United. I'm supporting in my sleep. Hahahahaa
Fuck man! The company left me sia wtf uh
TOP in running man but you can't watch.
in all this weird dreams, i got myself a man.
[CNA] Man jailed 4 months for grabbing girl's buttocks twitterurl
I swear man , Barry's grandma makes the best porridge .
gonna eat my noodle and watch running man. ^_^
Gonna wait for hubby and watch running man together
I seen this smexyting girl somewhere man. Whut
Man overboard's tix is not that expensive hmm should I
Fuck man a day to forget sia srsly
I am SOOO sleepy how to wait for Running Man
Down personally oh man pissing me off seriously
The old man standing next to me looks sooo weird -.-"
North Korea Lands First Ever Man On The Sun twitterurl
I need to calm the fuck down man
Guess I'm wearing Man U jersey + cheerleading skirt tomorrow
I was asking for this what. Bring it on man.
Patrick is a man... hear da voice. #instavideo #voiceless twitterurl
Just got home after out for 14hrs... Pancit man..
Football: Man City's Pellegrini shrugs off latest Mourinho jibe twitterurl
At least Man United bring home another 1 point.
Can't wait to have a emergency couple running man episode.
Man suspected of molesting 13-year-old girl arrested twitterurl
[Y!] "Spider-Man" stars coming to Singapore twitterurl
but gay or not, that is one fiNE MAN.
WTAF man can't you just fucking level her up alr
???~~????????? RT twitterusername 140225 Running Man in Melbourne Australia filming.  \
slept from 8pm until now. thats amazing stuff man
Zouk with my man that one night. twitterurl
you are so pathetic man i can't even
Man arrested after driving through Woodlands Checkpoint barrier twitterurl
(today) Man arrested after driving through Woodlands Checkpoint barrier twitterurl
Killzone Shadow Fall graphics is amazing man on PS4!
Lmaoooo tf is wrong with him man ??twitterusername LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO twitterurl
Why This Man Was Refused a New Lung twitterurl #photojournalism
Man, get that fuck boy Drake outta here
twitterurl I swear this is a nice song. Memories man.
Big Ups To The Man Above... He Never Fails! #GM
Not many will man up like Giroud I guess.
lol is so funny it's like a drowning man ~~~~lol~~~~
Man arrested in Hougang for suspected loanshark activities twitterurl #Singapore
Man ??twitterusername whoa my TL is messy AF unusually early..???
urgh wtfreak man MS excel is so annoying!
[ST] Man arrested for alleged housebreaking and theft twitterurl
sleepy yet hungry ! whts wrong with me man
[ST] Man jailed, caned for molesting 2 teenage boys twitterurl
Man I keep having dreams about this nigga -__-
fuk it man its been so long ;__; twitterurl
Million Dollar Man by Lana Del Rey ??? twitterurl
Be a man and stop all this bullshit lah fuck.
Bride of the century / running man / mimi <3
Man jailed for smuggling puppies into Singapore twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man jailed for smuggling puppies into Singapore twitterurl
Man arrested over Twitter shooting threats in LA twitterurl
Finally! Been finding this for so longgggg man twitterurl
Hate my morning voice. I sounded like a man.
Aquaman should be rolled by one good looking man.
man.. I hate this. Green tea is not helping.
Man city drawing and Chelsea losing is great great news!!
Gws bro (: ??? Hey man, thanks a lot ^^ twitterurl
Witness saw Iranians arrest missing US man: Report twitterurl
Hope Man U win tonight. No disappointment game lagi pls
ALAMAK alibaba you should've abandoned the sword man baka
If a man says you're ugly, he's being mean.\
Nicholas Tse spotted sharing lovey dovey moments with Janice Man\
[TNP] Man jailed for calling 999 to harass officers twitterurl
Half of me is so done with you man
Khodorkovsky meets son as free man in Germany twitterurl
As usual, Running man always got me cracking up ???
(today) Online vice ring: Pilot is 31st man jailed twitterurl
(asiaone) Police looking for 48-year-old man twitterurl
slowly getting use to man utd losing all the games.
Chinese man detained after dead tiger found in SUV twitterurl
???Temporarily insane??? man acquitted of murdering mother twitterurl
Gym attendee ask me to leave the gym. Sad man.
Nicholas Tse: I'm not a good man twitterurl twitterurl
Man jailed 15 months for smuggling rhinoceros horns twitterurl
Happy birthday man! See you soon #420 twitterusername
Where the fuck am I at man god HAHAHAA
Why is Mata playing number 8 in man utd.......
Man city 0-2 Watford. what the fucking fuck haah
Rest you mind with watching Running Man. Hee.
Eh see wrongly, I mean don't go man united hahahaha
have yet to watch running man ep 180-182........
#NowPlaying The Man Who Can't Be Moved - The Script
It's okay, Man U gonna score *finger crossed
Football: Man United big guns misfire at Stoke twitterurl
He's autistic or something ??twitterusername Man wtf.... twitterurl
[CNA] Man fined record amount for illegal wildlife possession twitterurl
Man fined record amount for illegal wildlife possession twitterurl
going to watch Running man ep 183 now ! :D
Having a DICK isn't enough to be a MAN.
Most likely won't post the latest running man episode
Feel like staying up and watch Chelsea vs Man City
feel like staying up till chelsea match against man city
Watching Man. City vs Chelsea yeahhh. Tidur pagi lagi -.-
Oh man.... This is so.... Sobs sobbing girls
I'm so done with sprint punkass service man
Wow dah ade downtown line alrd.... Man im slow haha
Still at cousin's house. Watching man utd game
A man who created Peter Pan ??? Finding Neverland ??? twitterurl
She is fucking too perfect to be out man
Been watching Running Man on Channel One with daddy mwehehe
De Gea saved a really nice shot man
This train is running like an inexperienced man driving..
Walking around the kitchen like pac-man when you're hungry.
Can someone please visit a blind man thank you
screw hard rock man~ ruined my whole game ._.
Man under investigation for making false police report twitterurl #Singapore
Man charged with Yishun murder; brothel operator jailed twitterurl
Man charged with woman's murder in Yishun  twitterurl
140112 Running Man Episode 180 (English Subs) twitterurl
Netizen Buzz: Heechul finds 'Running Man' childish sometimes twitterurl
I'm a grown ass man, not a little kid anymore.
Dyro - Black Smoke always does amazing music man!!
Man pleads guilty to burning ex-girlfriend to death twitterurl
[CNA] Man found guilty of bribing SCDF officer twitterurl
CNBLUE filming Running Man today.!!! Hehehe! Cant wait.! ^^
Football: Fletcher targets sprint finish from misfiring Man Utd twitterurl
Attempts Man U 5 - 1 Fulham, not bad
Man had a good feeling about that shot I swear
Oh? They're gonna show running man on channel U?
This year's All-Star Weekend will be just sick man.
Man arrested for allegedly attacking and molesting woman twitterurl
LTA mar would ask , ARE YOU MAN OR BEAS
Man bravely fends off attacking shark in dramatic video  twitterurl
Watching Tampa pro broadcast and suddenly lost fuck man
It takes me so long to clean shit man
(CNA|sg) Man in alleged spitting incident takes stand twitterurl
I cant bear with it anymore man fking stress
HIMYM fuck up with your feels so bad man
Aww man! Shoulder, neck and back aching lah siaa
...the next song Perfect Man (Cho Kyuhyun) by Shinhwa
Loving this place man. Im coming back again tomorrow.
I be feeling like the man when I walk thru
Girls??? Generation???s Hyo-yeon hits man during scuffle twitterurl
There's 2 meaning to the word running man
[TODAY] Man arrested for obscene act on public bus twitterurl
My man should really consider on being an entrepreneur.
Seems all man utd fans are sleeping right now
Going to cook maggi for the man utd game
Fuck man. I'm a fighter,I'm stronger than this.
Ok, time for the big game. #nowwatching Liverpool.v Man City.
Man city spend their money making replica trophies better
I shall sleep and just watch running man tmrw
Pergi lah find your new man. Cause idgaf :)
Club Babe 18 sucks man. The music really cmi.
god damn man smalling and jones are playing so well!
fuck someone in the train smells like bad breath man
Latest episode of running man is out nigga!!!!!
"Behind every successful man, is a woman rolling her eyes." \
Watching running man in office really cannot tahan. Hahaha
Lol need man utd to win pls don't fuck up
I mean man having 13 hot step brothers kot
I really cried while watching stiles scene man.................omfg
Waiting for a man to love me & all my ugly
Man accused of having paid sex with minor acquitted twitterurl
I cannot wait to meet my Soo Man .......
I miss css man im not even kidding
Fuck this Rj King is too good looking man.
Chinese police shoot man dead at checkpoint in Xinjiang twitterurl
Man jailed 18 months for misappropriating fuel twitterurl
[TODAY] Man jailed 18 months for misappropriating fuel twitterurl
PRC man caught importing unlicensed liquor fined $1.95million twitterurl
23-year-old man suspected of molesting girl arrested twitterurl
Man miraculously survives getting caught under subway train twitterurl twitterurl
#Football Dortmund's Klopp again rules out Man Utd job twitterurl
Never doing anything right at all oh man
It's something about a tall dark skin man
Wah faggot sia u grow some fucking man balls
She aint got a man but she is not alonee
but i'm not the man your heart is missing
If I'm jealous something wrong with me man
Man arrested for attempting to breach Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Man arrested for attempting to breach Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
CBS > Man missing from cruise ship off Bahamas twitterurl #news
More disappointment for Running Man fans twitterurl twitterurl
Half time and man u is leading  WHOOPWHOOP
Fuck lah I can't go back to sleep man
Man who helps run brothel jailed twitterurl #Singapore
Man pleads guilty to maid abuse - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
All 30 man are in! Ryback being the last!
download more running man ep on my phone!!!
#comingup twitterusername - When I Was Your Man #BeTopMusic w/ Bella
#nowplaying The Man Who Can't Be Moved -The Script
HAHAHAH OOOOOO "ILY PRINCESS" Hhaha fuck man fucking fuck
Did my man scream while watching his vids.. Sheeeeeshhh
Running man lagi. Muahaha. I'm addicted. Truly addicted.
Changing the topic of demo last minute was sucks man!
Alah ok lah sorry babyg, he's your man twitterusername
Man, I just wanna see you one last time.
Waking up at 4am to watch Man U match !
Going to school this far is a hassle man!
Wah lao.. Exist got one man in march la.. Tsk!
happy 18th twitterusername see you around man haha ??
omg i forgot the name of his videos man. twitterurl
Running man should make a trip to Singapore
Police taser knife-wielding man at Buckingham Palace twitterurl
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them.
Man it's raining now. Should have gone home earlier...
#nowplaying Bruno Mars | When I Was Your Man
fuck man... this sem's GPA is gonna be trash.
??twitterusername I miss running man with 842 people...???
. BrunoMars New Music Video ??When I Was Your Man???
HAIS been feeling scared lately. This aint me man.
Whoa hehe missed these bunch of people man.
MYGOSHHH. My grandma watches Running Man. ???? Damn she's cool.
Two days off...shiok man Lepak at home :)
Awww man its raining so heavily here in Bandung.
Happy chinese new year twitterusername my man :w
Man parks car at Hougang block's void deck\
Man city losing ! Hahaha >.< Fuck your champion title !
9pm liao 31% batt left. hopefully got charger man
Spamming timeline with man u players lol ok sorry.
Running man asking me to watch then leyh.
Fuck yeah man vs wild is showing right now!
Still not showered. Man I miss days like this.
Man... I gotta slight feeling of hunger again.
??twitterusername I need running man to clear my mind. ?????
Man if u screenshot me.. lord I'll disappear.. lol
British man faces verdict over Bali cocaine ring twitterurl
Singing when i was your man now hehehe
??twitterusername THE ROCK??? is ...... cooking owwyeah man i know
So ... $17 gone in two days! WTF man
my family is watching running man marathon that they recorded
Damn man :(, this young lady just knocked a pedestrian dwn.
yes yoon eun hye please come on running man :D
??twitterusername twitterusername Anything just call yeah???? alright man :)
My mood is really horrible now. Oh Fuck man
Man charged with stealing baby milk powder twitterurl
I really don't know what my feeling tonight man.
Now my baby's dancing, and she's dancing with another man
Keep replaying 'when I was your man - bruno mars'
With music can't without music can what is this man...
Man scum vs blueshite is making me more sleepier .___.
Watching running man during dinner w cousin. #cnydinner #runningman twitterurl
can't watch Man United vs Real Madrid match big sighhhhhh
I hope I stop growing at this height man.
Behind every great man is a women rolling her eyes
Now my baby's dancing but she's dancing with another man ~
Wah CR pressure all man u players shaky already
Who's watching the Real-Man Utd game right now?
Its worst then a forest man,its something more exciting ;)
Ya thanks RT twitterusername twitterusername ok,take care man:)
Aw man. Someone died in the show, again
Fuck man im crying coz of those videos
Yeay, abang man is coming all the way from JB!
Gonna go running soon man. Fats burn burn burn. ??????
If you???re a man then keep your fucking promise .
"twitterusername #DontBotherMeWhenIm watching Running Man." Yeahh. Kwang Soo ! Haha
My knee like want to tercabut man cbbbbbb.
Really miss watching running man ?? no time no time
running man ep 133 is out but no eng sub!!!
??twitterusername Man steers bicycle while riding pillion on the PIE \
Gonna buy an iron man iPhone 4 case later ?
Now my baby dancing ! but she dancing with another man :(
Fucking grown man cant even pat the fucking rent
I knew who he was before running man.
its been weeks since i watched running man .........
Find a real man/woman not a retard pathetic loser
Dk how to study fak man fak dis shyt.
Iron Man 3 would you please keep tweeting it
Sigh so hungry at this timing. Not cool man
I'm just be like Right man in the wrong face.
Maybe not watching aston villa vs man city
Wtf man why is poly starting so fast T___T
Lord I'm doing, all I can. To be better man~
edits mah. nothing is purfek in this worl man
I swear dis shit be in da way man ugh !
Man now I have nothing to look forward to tomorrow ??
Good! hah the man-u game?poor them twitterusername
wah cb sia one punch man chapter 25
I swear man the checkup is bloody confusing.
#nowplaying Willy Moon - I Wanna Be Your Man
Reo test finally over!! Hoping for a B man
Anyway, goodnight my man twitterusername Kesian penat this weekend.
so compliment your man versus seeing everything that he isn't
Woooo soaking my feet in hot water. Shiok man!
Man Utd vs Chelsea start what time ah guise?
Oh yeah! Wearing my Man Utd shirt for tonight's match
Wtf they watched running man when we left T.T
Missed Lee Tae Ik & Jang Man Ok ~ twitterusername
Fuck man i wanna apply off days so fucking badly
Hitting the tarmac with real live running man twitterusername
Time to watch Running Man and have a good laugh
Shall watch running man to keep me awake
That shit fucking wit ma head man smh
Watching running man with ma friend. twitterusername :3
#nowplaying When I was your man- Bruno Mars
Ok I will go buy running man comic!!
Tomorrow's the start of me becoming a real man. Lololol. ??
Strong men don't exist dying man exist lord
Id be like man I was having fun
Man City played no where near like Champions.
Man, i miss jet skiing. The most awesome thing ever!
When i was your man - Sam Tsui #np
Horny indian man, member recommend aku lorong 32 sial. Cb
#NowPlaying Bruno Mars - When I was your man
Ms shamsudin making me dislike english man. 4 essays -_-
#Shoutout TO twitterusername MAN!! I See You Mama!!
Eew? Critisizing other people's idols? Omg stfu man. ?
Happy Birthday man! Have a great one ?? twitterusername
omg srsly I feel like I swallowed a chainsaw man
#Free #Kindle #7: The Maintenance Man Collector's Edition twitterurl
??twitterusername hatin on another grown man get ya bread up!!???
"Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man."
I need a feet massage man this is killing me
back to being a No Man i guess.
Man arrested for impersonating police officer twitterurl #Singapore
Eva goes on romantic date with mystery man    twitterurl
Man.. I gotta stop treating normal pvp as AI games
I swear i was born in the wrong generation man
What are you doing ? ??? Watching running man. twitterurl
Fuck yeah the latest running man epi is out!
Singaporean man found dead in burning Johor Baru house twitterurl
Sissy is laughing like mad while watching running man omg
#nowlistening Bruno Mars - When i was your man
Yesterday felt like shit man seriously. Weak and fever.
Omg yes school 2013 casts on running man twitterurl
[SURVEY] Who want Running Man to come to Malaysia? \
Hae bb and Yesung old man! LOL~ twitterurl (Cr: gureumsori)
#NowPlaying INFINITE - MAN IN LOVE on Expat Radio 96.3 !!!!! >___<
this is like the break up season man.
Anyone wanna watch iron man 3 with me?
Addicted to the song when I was your man
Some china man talking about ass cream(ice cream)
Compete with wak man tomorrow to get an account . Haihh
Lol MARQUISE!!! This big black man stole your twitter name
Glass bottom plan anyone ?twitterurl Richard Branson is the man !
#nowplaying Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man
The way you take advantage of every man you love
Got on this REGULATOR SHIRT IM CUT TOO MAN!
Waiting for Chelsea vs Man Utd to start.
My young man explaining where tornado alley is. twitterurl
fair la, man utd take BPL, chelsea take FA Cup
Not complaining, but why is everyone against Man City?
Omggg noah yap retweeted my tweet man! Made my day ^~^
I need more clothes man . . seriously running out of it
thank god my SS file is done anyway, man.
Enjoying MAN air con on a hot day ftw.
??twitterusername Shit thing happens (??_??)??? shit happens everyday man
Woke up to bad news of Man United losing ?
i dont know how is minho gonna juggle everything man...
man! twitterusername is my first follower though hahah ! X)
Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation twitterurl
Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation  twitterurl
Reserving tickets for Iron Man 3! The place to be!
Just stop pissing me off man I've had enough.
[PICS] Running Man EPI 139 - The Pretty Ladies twitterurl twitterurl
need to lower my intake of food man..
#nw - try to remember, "one man one woman same dream"
Freaking this man.  ?? All girls should agree with this . twitterurl
Indonesian man slits throats of family, sleeps among bodies twitterurl
i seriously took a lot of crazy pictures man.
[TNP] Man City seal FA Cup final spot twitterurl
Apparently, Man City & Wigan will face each other later tonight...
Now my baby dancing but she's dancing with another man
hopefully theres time to watch running man eps 141
American man arrested for mailing suspected ricin twitterurl
With the cute birthday man, my daddy. :* @ IMM Building twitterurl
wah own , the 2 korean man like that twitterurl
everyone's so stressed out now. i hate this feeling man
Gotta find this man a damn iphone asap
#nowplaying twitterusername - Abracadabra. I need a genie now man lol.
Ohyeah ! Mindef letter come already ! Coolshit man , going open now
Really not in a mood to play such games man.
Man am i gonna make it ?? Got off wrong stop!!!
Man arrested for making false bomb threat twitterurl
It's my turn to have flu now:/ wrong timing man.
Come on faik, be a man lah ass!
goodnight twitterusername you will be a free man tomorrow. dammit.
Feeling like this for a period, ahhh suck man.
Only running man can make me laugh and smile now.
now my baby is dancing with another man.
Man, I so wanna own a iPhone 5! :-(
2 full basket of laundry for me. Ohh man..
Japanese man shows off his iPhone 'quick-draw' system \
hes in choir but no man chior so boring leh
bla bla bla shut the fuck up man
Why I now then know the fucking truth man
Cause Im still here :> RT twitterusername Hot day man
C'mon Man U. :) RT twitterusername twitterusername who you rooting for? ;)
#nowplaying Bruno Mars- When I was your man.
I'm not a boy, not yet a man.
??twitterusername Chilli crab instant noodles ... Yummmmm????? THAT'S THE SHIT MAN
I never like Man United before. Not even once #facts
Super Sunday Kickoff Man Utd vs Liverpool!#GGMU
Ur younger sis also man u fan?lol\
Saw an Elderly Man using S3.. Wow :P
Same... RT twitterusername That's it man, im going home sleep.
I'm betting half an ass on this man twitterusername twitterurl
Its raining man!! hell RT twitterusername twitterusername azz up den
Safee Sali MOTM ! RT "twitterusername guiza man of the match"
Oh man this is so not cool in many ways.
eh today is tuesday means it's running man time! :DD
Whats wrong wimme man. Being too nice to people. Zzzzzzz
no one is taller than the last man standing
Watch Man Utd match or not ehhh...hmmm.
what time ah man utd v west ham ?
Awwwwwh i feel u man xx cheer up . twitterusername
??twitterusername How do you explain color to a blind man????
Can't wait till lessons. I wanna shoot hoops man.
Mama too scary alr fuck man regret watching
Feel like puking again this is not funny man
Not cutting my hair till new year man.
Air cond low, but im freezing cold man !
every time I see you I feel miserable man
Hey man, don't take too serious about twitter. I'm serious.
Cuz I'm watching Running man marathon rite nowwwww!!!
Finally able to watch kikwang's episode of running man! ?
Woah I see many man u supporters at the coffeeshop . (:
Come on leh man u.this is really bad
.twitterusername Man, quotation marks make ??everything??? a lot ??funnier???.
don't have a major freak out, man, gotta chill.
Gonna finish up insya while watching running man~~
idk why i took four classes and three labs man :(
Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP's Jeyaretnam twitterurl #Singapore
Now then wanna say never accused me.fucking man.
Telltale signs of a man who failed to take breakfast\
Accounting partner twitterusername business is going well man
At tuition downstair , not going up 1st ! Chill man >.<
Sis gna laugh like crazy cos of running man. ??????????
Jurong East so empty! It's a good day man!
[PICS] Running Man EPI 141 "Animal Kingdom" Grasshopper - ?????; ???twitterurl
Does anyone knows when iron man coming out?
Three strongest man of PermataHarapan School #instalikes twitterurl
Huang Wen Yong: The Man behind the Star twitterurl
Huang Wenyong: The Man behind the Star twitterurl
Hello ?idk why i keep using this effect man twitterurl
The making of iron man twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
Man I'm crying lol cuz called me a clown
Wag shucks man!! Nelia toh! Fooming haven't wake up ):
Man fck imma be done snapped out like really!!
My student card picture looks likka myanmar boy man.
back home~ Man did a lot of shopping at jb~
Can't fucking wait to watch Iron Man 3 tonight.
Cineplex is making money these days from iron man
Man jailed for trying to steal $70k jewellery from shop \
I feel like watching ironman 3 again man
Don't disturb me when i'm playing Iron Man 3
Blogged: Doing it the IRON MAN way twitterurl
Fallen tree along Admiralty Road West kills man twitterurl #Singapore
Going to watch iron man 3 with brothers..:))
going to watch iron man 3 with family ltr hehe
Shut up and watch your fucking iron man.
It's confirmed that I'm watching iron man tomorrow afternoon??
I think im fated cannot watch iron man 3
Man arrested for leaving unknown substances on MRT train twitterurl
Shit man. Nvm cab there now and see what happens
Fears over man-made bird flu bug twitterurl
??twitterusername Need to control my fucking temper man.???
okai time to watch running man hehe yay
??twitterusername Yes, a man with a V. No, not vagina.???
Where got time to make sandwiches with kindergarten kids man ?
That's the man crying by Zip Zieller - twitterurl
Eurosport : Moyes quits Everton to take Man United job - twitterurl
This Man Was Really Tryna Holla At Me In Traffic . ??
3 bloody years since we got together man
Man fined S$4,000 for lying to police twitterurl
ofcourse, he is devon, asian man. Amazing at everything.
Man I snapped n used one of PLIES LINES!!
Just watched finish wgm and running man came out. Zzzz
??twitterusername I need more intrinsic motivation man come onnnn???
I still have last month's homework HAHA fuck man
??twitterusername I don't fuck with Mimi she to weak man???
Running Man marathon on channel One now! Until 4am!
Man take care dude is it the old injury?? twitterusername
Rafael long shot against the post. Oh man.
But i admit, Man U is a strong team.
What the fuck is wrong with you man .
Watching iron man 3 on may 1st, anyone wanna join? ??..
never did watch iron man before. and not going to.
Home from Iron Man 3 ^^ it was super freaking awesomeeeeee ??????????
Iron Man 3! (@ Shaw Theatres - twitterusername w/ 4 others) twitterurl
Man i really feel like not going out la
Need to start watching Running Man. I'm losing out. Alot.
Just can't stop playing iron man 3 game
I saw a grown adult man got screened
This fucking old man , i think he got a problem . ??????
Currently rotting at PS :) iron man at 9
Watched iron man 1,2 and avengers. All in one day.
what's with the sudden Chinese group man omg hahaha
omg inahh too cute with her new hair man
, dont fwh ? another man trash is another mans come up .
Suppose to see girlfriend right now... haiszer man!
GE13: A Kepong man through and through twitterurl
Listening to When I Was Your Man. Hm
Wth man wth. Hydir is out??????? #TheFinal1sg UNFAIR.
finally done with stupid survey questions. man it's so tough.
dont know to play blackshot first or running man first.
Why the hell am i born in singapore man.
This week is crawling like a tortise man.
Bleargh. Otp wimme or smth. Hah so bored man
#thankyousiralex for being a great sport for man u
*math and el RT twitterusername I'm failing Science man.
Here Toya go posting pics of her and her "man" ????
Guilty for not watching Iron Man 3 yet hahaha
totally abandoned my phone the whole day man
Lampard free kick slipped by Guzan. Fuh, lucky man!!!
Cathode Ray Oscillators. Yeah man that's what it's all about.
Oh man I accidentally applied kaya on to my phone
"How can you improve, without deconstructing the old?" -Ip Man
Now my baby's dancing. She's dancing w another man. #np
My left calf is hurting like crazy man
After spurs match,watching liverpool match.then man utd match
Most effing messed up movie:-) iron man 3 -.-
#nowplaying When I was your man - Bruno Mars
I'm starting with the man in the mirror.
Iron Man 3 was freaking exciting & nice ! #Fantasticbaby
goo hara look so cute in running man, HAHAHA
I love how the strong man telephone books apart #playmax2013
Ran for my life man. Done with 2.4km!!!!!!!
I want watch man of steel & grownup 2 & epic D; .
So the new red peri scorcher no kick man??
Worry about your man your money dang something
Full tummy fresh body but missing my man :\\
I'm so proud of myself for doing this..... Yeah man..
Man i've got to have better things to do.
I watched iron man 3 one time only lorh :p
[PICS] Running Man EPI 146 - Betrayer Team ??? ?! twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
Played Running Man during our CCA today, very fun! ??????
Wtf this old man just slapped my leg... disgusting max
When I Was Your Man covered by Sam Tsui #nowblasting
time to catch up what i've missed in running man. :/
Come on he's only 3.... take time man
staph it man reggaeton just fucking turns me on wooooo ~
Man murdered in London in suspected terror attack twitterurl
Man can u pls tell me what burung that is
"twitterusername twitterusername Wah this Man so Irrits lahhhh"
Running man ended. I laughed till I teared.
don't fight over one girl you'll lose your bros man
Give up revising loh,running man more impt haha.
twitterurl nth funnier than watching a fat man eat.
Running Man member funny voice ahaha poor Gwangsoo  twitterurl
Turkish man jailed for human trafficking in Switzerland twitterurl
Siwon and Minho's episode of Running Man! :D
Why do you always do that. What the fuck man,
45-year-old man arrested over loansharking activities twitterurl
Omar Isuf creates legit t-shirts man. #dopeshit
So you go again when the leading man appears
So long since i wore my glasses man twitterurl
& the whale dance around by showing its appreciation. Aww man.
vegas is gonna be so fucking sick man
Gonna study later. Gotta find a bag man....
I wanna be a  stronger man, so fucking bad
this is taking forever it's just 6 500kb gifs man
"twitterusername Islamic version of When I was your man. twitterurl
Killing Yourself To Find A Man That'll Kill For You
gave all my money for the running man tag ;___;
Man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator  twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed, fined for unlicensed moneylending offences twitterurl
Now watching running man episode 148 hell yeahhhhhh
I love my gf like so fucking much man
Miss this dayy man. Haha first time meeting twitterusername twitterurl
Dad buying new car again , wooo :3 finally man !
my dog seriously needs to shut the hell up man
lepak at the same place so bored man
I wish this man would say Im not his! twitterurl
I'm swearing so much now its like hell man
my gromo taught me how to catch ah man cheating
Nights like this I wish I had a boyfriend man
i hate all the ??????????srsly last warning man!
Bizarre! Man Arrested During BMW Test Drive. twitterurl via twitterusername
omg my swell needs to go man D:
??twitterusername Looking forward to running man avengers next week!???
I'm waiting for Man of Steel this 13 June. Whoaaa!
thank God there's a man who invent hug and donut
Man what should i reply i just kenot understand
Stop trying to act smart lah seriously. Not cool man.
Man dressed as Power Ranger defecated on grill cover -  twitterurl
I want a friendship like Munah and Hirzi's man.
There will be time where good man wear mask
#Nowplaying Bruno Mars - When i was your man
Watching 'Man of Steel' with my Dad!!! xD\
that china man staring at it so obviously
hehe this twitterusername addicted to running man alr
Im getting the hang of this phone man
omg super hot! cannot tank this weather man!
I was up all night watching running man...
My sister keeps fuckin up these snapchats man
Wah seeing so many ai students, miss those days man.
my assignment 2 is going to fail man.
One more day to Running Man Ep 153! :D
Man shot by drunken policeman loses eye twitterurl
eiss voive is like music to my ears man
Man.. Editing pictures aren't as easy as it seem!
Laughing out loud with mom watching Running Man 2ne1
It be so peaceful when she-man not here
5 hours of tuition today? no fucking way man
#nowplaying twitterusername - When I Was Your Man #BeFresh w/ twitterusername
[CNA] Man jailed 15 months for slashing attack twitterurl
Appeal for next-of-kin of man twitterurl #Singapore
Shall watch RM while waiting for Man Utd's match later!
Watching Running Man on a big ass screen.
Australian man admits using son in Internet porn twitterurl
Damnnnn I wanna watch Running Man so badly :3
Man jailed six months for stealing N6,000 phone twitterurl
Stop trying to be such a miss popularity slut man.
fuck gdragon la what the fuck sia ni fuck man
flying commas man, flying commas. that's what's up.
my sister is a fuckin weird. on G man
Aww man, still going out. Too bad. Byebye day 3.
Ada chance nari malam macam Man main twincourt je.......
Wth man tyres bursting like that at the same spot
this is way too early man im not even kidding
Raging mode on man waited for over an hour already.
no shit not the right time to fall ill man.
I'm doing all I can to be a better man
Fucking screwed day everyone just fuck off man
I'm Convinced This Man On My Phone Is A Psycho
OCD Taiwanese man arrested for cleaning his neighbours' cars twitterurl
Laughing the whole night. Man shrooms gonna be great.
But when reach home, gonna watch Running Man first!!! :)
Barclays Asia Trophy 2013: South China, Tottenham, Sunderland & Man City...
4 more days to 2ne1's running man broadcast!!!!
Wth's wrong with me man. Why am i so tired....
Man pleads guilty to vandalising war monument twitterurl
ouh man . ive got to wake up early tomorrow .
[CNA] Man jailed, fined for cheating and loansharking offences twitterurl
Man, that three hour nap certainly made me feel better.
Man what a night playing fifa with classmates :)
Man accused of filming women in church toilets\
So yeah man first collection this 30th June!!! #Cupboardioxide
Ah fuck! Fucking screwed up this year! Ahhhh! Shit man!
Now your baby dancing, but she's dancing with another man~
Lol the huge storm is not man made la.
gonna watch running man now with my full tummy ;)
I take things slow man take it slow
"twitterusername Come on man I need a fucking break ."
interested in anyone now? ??? Hmmmm I don't know man twitterurl
That lightning was damn huge man oh my god
June is done on Monday? That's fast man
I'm bring called a man-whore for nothing. Haha
So sad man !! I hope some justice will be done .
Haha omg just woke up...... I love elearning man
'Guidelines for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles at Burning Man' twitterurl #photojournalism
shut up ass ??twitterusername twitterusername Nobody like that one man???
600kg Saudi man forklifted to hospital for treatment twitterurl twitterurl
I can never get tired of watching She's The Man!!
The loading is so fucking slow. COME ON MAN!
fuck man don't want study already I TORE MY TEXTBOOK
Kb mall with pak long, fifi and man
C'mon lah Man Utd. Losing 2-1 now. Hais.
omg david gray! you are a real man!
Man arrested for 'sextortion' involving Miss Teen USA  twitterurl
can't wait to move house man can't fucking wait
Man, that's one band on this generations not-shitlist.
Fucking cunt. Cant even go jyc? Fuck yourself man
Am i having fever?  This is suck man really
Omg bob :O RT twitterusername One man down #paintball twitterurl
collegeboard practice test no. 6 is not a joke man
Hais Man City leading but i still love you Aguero
Man U hasn't got a single attempt. Wtf!!!
Man U always concede at the same spot against them
Man u fans , just switch off the tv and sleep (:
Can see that non of Man U players are trying
Latest episode of running man will be out tonight yay
Oh come on youre wasting my time man
Just bought the cutest iron man casing ever like ohmygod
Man wearing lips.... DONT EVER THINK OF IT
Got a feeling Man Utd will win tonight.
Welcome to the man-made island. #singapore #scenery twitterurl
#NowListening Bruno mars - When i was your man
Football: Ferguson rules out returning to manage Man Utd twitterurl
Tattooed sex god has to come back man comeeeeeee onnnnnnnbn
I'm craving Viet opera but man they are bad!!!
Down with flu. Dafug man, I hate it.
Another slashing case? Photo of bloodied man circulating on Twitter\
i'm a leading man and the lies iagajsbjhskahahabhatricate
The fuck is wrong with my fifa 14 man
Gonna sleep after watching the latest episode of running man
Hope is the dream of the walking man.
Good Afternoon guise. Man what a long sleep.
This game giving me a heart attack. Fuck man.
Done watching iron man 3 with the family! ; p
Oh my goodness, this man is flooding my thing
Your face like the man who sold the world
my tyop's today are off the hooks man.
i got to spend my botak jones voucher soon man :/
Macam nak tengok one more episode of running man
Man pleads guilty to vandalising Cenotaph war monument twitterurl
They should really think about bringing VR Man back. twitterurl
ppl need to stop talking about hide & clap man.
My whole body is aching man... Haha twitterusername
Watching cold blood instead of studying oh man twitterurl
Once she is asleep, i'm gonna watch running man.
Gnna be freaking zombie man later in school U.U
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Man I cant wait till thanksgiving lol!??????
Beijing man builds rock villa atop apartment tower twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername hey fuck you man??? WOAH THERE
I'm not a coward; I'm not a weak man. twitterurl
oh man can I pon one of the exams holy
Third man jailed for three months for underage sex\
I swear iron man is the coolest superhero.
im not broke but im just a broken hearted man
Huh Ozil dah 1st assist? Yeah man, he's the shit!!
woah ?????? and his first love *_* this is true love man !
!!!! RT ??twitterusername Man the shit I see on here???
#NowListening Bruno mars - when i was your man
Man Utd worst placing ever on the table
Shit man. Everyone doesnt believe that im 16 this year!
the fray performed in singapore 2 days ago?! shit man
Japan man busted for arranging senior citizen sex twitterurl
I need someone to eat with me man
What? Got jambang is pervert? Hell no man! Sexy okay!
Crazy people hacking into my account HAHAHA wtf man wtf.
Man fined for criminal intimidation and causing hurt twitterurl
Everybody have watch who will want take yours man????!
what to do with stunfisk man..sambal stunfisk?
Oh man why does everyone like maroon so much
What can run but can't walk? ??? RUNNING MAN!!!!! DAEBAK!! twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for stealing parts from 34 bikes twitterurl
But the Desmond's grading situation, really is fucked up man.
Still getting used the degree.sighsss. why I so potek man
hehe! hello! :) hmm what you doing? ??? Watching running man! twitterurl
Wah cb saw the name again wtf man
"twitterusername twitterusername  chok bak gila" awww thanks man!
??twitterusername Not all girls can see a man effort. twitterurl
Man charged with stabbing girlfriend with scissors twitterurl
Niall its ok i wont friendzone you man
had yet to download running man episode 169
I notice im a very egoistic person whyy man
Gonna watch running man tonight before heading to bed.
Man jailed for attacking three others in party brawl twitterurl
22/3 fuck man this Korean guy is good
Katreh en vasal vanthai. That's a old song man!
tomorrow is gonna be either fantastic or terrible. idk man
Running man will return my mood back i guess.
This story is too graphic but man, I like it.
Sad to see man u play like this..
??twitterusername RETWEET if you're laughing at Man United!???
_|_ RT twitterusername RETWEET if you're laughing at Man United!
"twitterusername twitterusername lol fuck off man" oooo scaryyyyty
29th man in online vice ring convicted twitterurl twitterurl
Man utd vs shakhtar donetsk tonight sp gonna watch
that movie gets the man tears every fucking time
the struggle tryna keep ya shit clean man
Im So Irritated Man & My Head Is Killing Me.
God's fury is beyond anything Man can do.
Man it's going down at #JAX tonight #FactsOnly
Man jailed 4 months for grabbing girl's buttocks twitterurl
Man who killed girlfriend escapes death sentence twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername I will do anything for fashion man haha???
i need the gym so bad :( fuckin car man
ive got to be in school by 7.30 man woah
gonna watch running man and continue with ree tutorial..
Watching Running Man after OT is kind of my escapism. :)
I almost forgot to watch Running Man! xD
Fark man I gotta stop drinking this way
Haha shiok to have a friend that stay nearby man!!!!!!
man you guys should stop being butthurt okay
I cnt take this bitch serious man...im.done
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 trailer #TheAmazingSpiderMan twitterurl
Thermo additional qns is seriously not funny man...
Listening to eminem... goshhh still love this man
Holy moly spider man 2 is coming out!!!
Man arrested for armed robbery in Geylang Bahru twitterurl
Man I am so tired of being nice.
"twitterusername waiting for man united match later on."
watching the amazing spider man again cos IM BATMAN!
Chammak challo playing in radio! Memories man! Memories!
Watching Man Utd vs Stoke at Teck Whye Kopitiam
Watching Man Utd match can be heartbreaking at times hahahah
What time is chelsea vs man city kick off ah?
#nw Running Man 163. For the second time yayyy.
I'm either gonna wear Man U/ Barca jersey tomorrow,proud
It's not about the laws,it's about our society man.
(today) Man arrested for molesting woman on train twitterurl
Man in online vice ring case found guilty twitterurl
Football: Narrow win keeps Man United in control twitterurl
(asiaone) Man spat on woman in queuing dispute twitterurl
Aww man... I wanted to see R Kelly. .. :(
The new iOS 7 calendar damn cui man.
Chris Brown arrested for allegedly punching man outside hotel twitterurl
Fuck man fucking heavy rain. STUCK AT SCHOOL.
oh man totally forgot I was working on something lol
We Not Playin No Games Man!! #PlacementTime #DCMG
yet to decorate my book and watch running man!
Ep170 of Running Man is so boring... ... Even starring TOP =_=
I Can Never Catch A Fucking Break Man.
"Never give a sword to a man who can't dance."\
[ST] Man arrested for stealing TV sets from coffeeshops twitterurl
Oh I hate the morning crowd man. Ah!!
Imma marathon man all i do is run shit
"twitterusername Not all girls can see a man effort. twitterurl
iron man 3 not out in sg yet?
Man gets 6 years corrective training for various offences twitterurl
Man the multiple convos Im having it crazy
Which ep of running man should i watch??
[CNA] Man jailed for molesting nine-year-old boy twitterurl
#nowplaying The Vaccines - Do You Want a Man?
[ST] Man arrested for acting as money mule twitterurl
"twitterusername Word man. True shit. "twitterusername #wordporn twitterurl
Happy birthday scene kid! Have a great one man! twitterusername
I think I grew fatter. Ugh hate formal wear man.
Too damn early for school. This is not right man
Man I am falling so far beyond imagination.
troubleshooting on my laptop...oh man...what have i done
"twitterusername man city sounds like a gay bar #justsaying #etihard"
Man goes missing in waters off Changi country club twitterurl
Okay. Man United match please. I sleepy already sia fuck?
But still, Man United got 1 point pon rezeki kan.
No one can be like you, my dear man.
[CNA] Man jailed 3 months for fighting in public twitterurl
Going as a one-man WolfPack for Halloween
That's a wise young man, you don't come across many
thats ah grown ass man not ah bby ,
I'm fine with cockroaches man, but spiders? No. Fucking no.
"twitterusername Man In Love is showing on Nickelodeon omfg"
Man shatters US coast-to-coast speed record twitterurl
This shit cray man what went wrong sigh
Skipped two lectures. Oh man. Have to chiong recorded tonight
So much for celebrating Racial Harmony.. fuck to that man..
dapat man of the match pon complain apadah......
Its raining , its pouring , the old man is snoring .
??twitterusername fuck man i can cry sial nbcb??? eh asl?!
Doing freighter flight for today man wtf uh
"twitterusername [Preview] Baekhyun, Xiumin on Running Man twitterurl
I wouldn't mind consulting a doctor for this man.
"twitterusername twitterusername I'll see what I can do man! HAHA!"\
watching running man and laughing my ass off
fuck man, pay quickly come. I wanna get my ds.
Look who has joined this wedding entourage: It's Iron Man!\
Football: Man United out to prolong Spurs pain twitterurl
supposed to study in the end running man >_>
dafuq? why is Running Man so glitchy sia the videos?
not even a friend. much less a family. myob man...
[CNA] Man accused of causing mother's death escapes gallows twitterurl
Man United lead one nil now ! #GGMU #UCL
Should I start watching running man again hmm
asking for trouble for? just sit down and relax man.
Running man in singapore .i wanna meet them
New episode of running man! KwangSoo acting so hilariousssss
Need to watch running man episode 167 again
ugh why r you all staring at me man
Wah can't tank this shit man seriously. Zzz.
Running Man mania hits Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername
What's that ??twitterusername Man i do not have sex???
Running Man Fanmeet ends, such a great night!
encore "twitterusername Running Man loveable #RunningManInSG twitterurl #fb
The Running Man members singing KJK's Loveable! #RunningManinSG twitterurl
Destiny"twitterusername #pickone Destiny / man in love / request ?"
Running man on their way to zouk?! Fuck ):
Joao Moreira - The Boy from Brazil becomes Magic Man: \
The 'Running Man' cast races to Singapore! twitterurl
Man i just love 90s classic pop songs idky haha
love man united no matter wht excluding moyes though
English man riding a honda cup motorcycle. Okay thats cute
Man City vs twitterusername this is going to be epic
Man arrested for throwing bicycle from flat twitterurl
Just got back home..what a day man!
Man arrested for throwing bicycle from flat. twitterurl
2014 winter olympic running man ep 184 next week ~
shania remembers my name man I feel so touched
Movie marathon until I can watch running man
#nowwatching ; Running Man EP 183 ! #RM #Online #kshownow #engsub
You don't just take one ferrero rocher and stop man.
I can't not tweet sexual shit man lmaoo
Aw man I really wanna see the rest presentations.
beastttt "twitterusername Matic awarded Barclays Man of the Match. #CFC"
I'm not going to do anything tonight TGIT man
Man arrested for attempting to bribe four police officers twitterurl
Quise man takd my shit off yo phone b
David Moyes is not the right man for the job.
??twitterusername #RajatSharma is one fearless man! #mindblowing #BB7???
Man in bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty twitterurl
Man arrested for snatch theft in Sengkang twitterurl #Singapore
#NationalBlowJobDay what the fuck is this shit man
Urge to play pool man. Someone get a pool table
I was a weird fucking child man twitterurl
Man of the match dgn Rooney berpisah tiada. #MUNWHU
David Moyes is literally destroying Man Utd I swear
When running man uses Frozen-related effects and songs. HAHAHAHAHA!
Omo Omo CNBLUE members all on Running Man! SOBS!!!!!!
He's not man ??twitterusername Will block Ricki if he white.???
Feeling bummed out man what a lame night
Friend: Wow long time no see, you look great man!\
Fuck man someone paint my toes for me pls
Man gets two weeks for stealing emblems from cars twitterurl
35th man to be charged over Little India riot twitterurl
Ma to the ger ... Man to the di
[TNP] Man flashes samurai sword on train twitterurl
Yukyang. One good thing about chinese man. Tibbbahh
[CNA] Man charged with Yishun murder; brothel operator jailed twitterurl
140202 Running Man Episode 183 (English Subs) twitterurl
Satay party!!! The satay man in the house yo!! twitterurl
This is the ghetto place of the east man.
Thank god next match Man City face Chelsea.
Basketball: Pacers sign big man Bynum for title chase twitterurl
so weird seeing Mata playing for Man U huhuhu
Public Speaking and OB presentation on Wednesday die man.
I'm anxious to see the story iron man 3
(today) ???Temporarily insane??? man acquitted of murdering mother twitterurl
So annoying omg already 3 Bs so far wth man.
skinny man only works on sunday. long holiday for him.
Soooo heol -_- RT twitterusername WINNER in Running Man.\
[TNP] Man acquitted of murdering his mum twitterurl
Going to the gym dressed as a man twitterurl
The Push Up Muscle Shirt | The Flattering Man twitterurl
Retreating police versus man with stick twitterurl #GreatBalls #Ukraine
You mean pervert? RT twitterusername Itching man everywhere . Eee
Its not supposed to end this way, fuck man
:)) "twitterusername RT if you are laughing at Man United."
Man utd is making life difficult for themselves.
Man arrested for housebreaking and theft twitterurl #Singapore
The blueblack on my leg got to go man
No man can ever replace your 1st love
[NST] Man under probe for making racist remarks online twitterurl
This sem is going to fly by man
After man utd match,watching Atletico madrid vs Barcelona
Sinkies are the modern Sick Man of Asia twitterurl
Don't mess with the man. #xxyyxx #lanewayfestsg #vsco #vscocam twitterurl
??twitterusername I hope valentines day is good this year man???
gonna read my book and watch running man later.
The last part of running man episode 182 o upload
gonna watch latest ep of running man now!
Done watching delivery man! Now gonna watch I,Frankenstein !! twitterurl
Man caught on video touching woman's butt on MRT train\
So eager to go for airshow tmr man. :/
:O Running man gonna film in Australia :OOO
Im just gonna stay up all night man doing shit
Second man jailed over involvement in #LittleIndiariot twitterurl
There's walking dead and running man to watch!!!!!!!
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Running Man ?????!
Too many Malay people at one table, man.
Love to see my exs come up man
Vidic is leaving man United n play for inter
Man pleads guilty to molesting 11-year-old daughter twitterurl
Hope Putin doesn't cause a Third World War man.
twitterurl as if MBC is mocking me ...man good timing
#nowwatching Capital One Cup final- Man City v Sunderland.
(today) Man arrested for allegedly cheating at MBS casino twitterurl
Man this is not Ammar, I'm never like this haha
Maybe doing new career mode with man utd
twitterurl Cho Kyuhyun - The Man I Stand By
Why does this man fuck with my mind
Man jumps to death from Hong Kong skyscraper twitterurl
Talk shit as always ??? action speaks louder than talk man .
I've so many fans eh, I'm hella popular man!
just stop man omg cant believe we are somehow friends
Anyone having headache and feels lethargic .. man im so tired ! :(
Stop retweeting these fake ass pages man lol
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly attacking and molesting woman twitterurl
He Not Bout That Life Man Catch Him In Traffic
Man city 5 score daaa .  Phewww ... nak kejar Chelsea pulakkksss.
#nowwatching Running Man Episode 189 - Adventure in Australia Part 2
fuck man can this recover damn pain fuckmylife twitterurl
China's richest man bids to buy star Madrid skyscraper twitterurl
I really like the way how Sterling plays football man
Man City has woke up finally. Dominating the second half.
Biar Man City or Chelsea angkat ah this season.
Man arrested over three 'random' stabbing attacks twitterurl twitterurl
Yay got Iron Man 3 on fox movies twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man arrested for attacking 3 people twitterurl
Sunday run with my little man #nikeplus @ The Teneriffe twitterurl
"twitterusername VIDEO: Raheem Sterling Goal vs Man City....  twitterurl #LFC"
Man arrested over #Twitter shooting threats in LA twitterurl
I'm still upset ....man I hate being forced into things!!!
beh RT twitterusername When Man City were poor... twitterurl
I feel like buying Future Card Buddy Fight Cards man
Let the war begins!!! #nowwatching Man United v Liverpool.
Looking forward to today's episode of running man
??twitterusername 140409 WGM filming, THE MAN at his wedding twitterurl
[TODAY] Man jailed for obscene act in public twitterurl
(today) Man jailed for obscene act in public twitterurl
Munchen 2-0 Man United [Ribery] twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername #KuisMunVManNews
[ST] Man arrested for performing obscene act in public twitterurl
I didn't know singapore had good short films man. \
Man is free at the moment he wishes to be.\
man last night's HB is making crave Japanese food....huhuhu
Really Got A Taste For Some Chinese Food Man!
I feel more like a dead man now sia !
[CNA] Man arrested after driving through Woodlands Checkpoint barrier twitterurl
"Like if a man fuck up. Fuck off. "
Watching she's the man at an ungodly hour ever
its like the knowledge of wines is mind fucking man.
i don't know man i starting to hate myself.
#LittleIndiaRiot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse twitterurl
I did the wrong thing to the right man
Man, thank God for the online streaming videos. Hah!!!
Mumford & Sons - Little lion man twitterurl via twitterusername
Whatever man, one person with 3 computers. hahahah
ETO'O! the man loves scoring at the bridge!
Using all the pillows to support my back man
Don't let ??U?????? win please it's literally copying Running Man
Samsung really knows how to make money man
She getting dolled up man pretty lil girl
Oh man, that's ending really sucked for all of them :(
how can i not love my mom man
A man got to look for relevance, can't blame him\
#Football: Simeone dismisses Man Utd speculation #moyes twitterurl
arrhhhhh still not yet recovered,  this sucks man
not sure if van Gaal is the right man ;-;
Mr Ramesh's quote: Last time police man wear short pants.
Finally Man Utd is playing 4-4-2 again!!
Running Man filming cancelled due to ferry disaster  twitterurl twitterurl
Left with 2 topic of Amath. INCREDIBLE MAN.
man i have a thing for that 50mm lens
Seriously man just fuck off. Don't come spoil my mood.
Man drops bid for workplace bias against gays to be \
Im not gonna fucking let you off man knn
Naaa'ah 4hrs of lab kill me man tmr . No breaks
Friendly sparring with random people today. Good times man. twitterurl
Flu and cough before flying off. Not cool man cmon!
lol i break down too easily man ugh
Eh. My handsome old man ah ??? twitterusername twitterurl
still waiting for the new Running Man episode sigh
macs level4 mala burger is freakinnn' good man
First man pleads guilty to Little India riot twitterurl
[CNA] Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications twitterurl
Nice discussion and really inspiring .. Awesome man twitterusername
Really bout to stop giving a fuck about life man
Man surprised to see beehive on his car twitterurl
Running Man ep 136 was great! I love the storyline.
Now my baby's dancing but she's dancing with another man :'(
LOL say goodbye to the title lah man shitty
wah they the passage sooo long de!!! lazy read man.
lol man city lost to everton. good job toffees!
Tonight was fun congrats we hit 320k man views twitterurl
I feel like watching running man. Should I?
Always trust a man with a big white van
Now your baby dancing, dancing with another man.
Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece twitterurl
Man i feel stupid sending that. And desperate~
What can one logo to to a man.
Kind of miss Katy ?? twitterusername she's the man. Hheheheh ?
Ya Allah.... What's happening to this world man ?? twitterurl
Wheelchair-bound man accused in Alaska #Walmart shooting twitterurl
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
That feeling I get when I'm watching iron man :')
so fast coachella alr, one year flies man
Keep calm and hear when I was your man .
That's not S.E.S.'s Bada -- that's a man    twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong twitterurl
Nak buat cover When I was Your Man lah sigh~
Infinite ??Man in Love??? ??? Kpop Music Mondays twitterurl (twitterurl #KAvenyou
"twitterusername Clumsy and sweating, fuck this shit man."
Running man finished ! Happy girl now gonna have dinner
??twitterusername fuck man why is it Monday tomorrow ?????
cant wait for Running Man ep 137! #mondaycouple
Gah. I just think its pathetic what you're doing man
Please, Running Man come to Egypt around 2013-2016 :B
because of running man, im eating korean food...
??twitterusername The curry laksa man.. he  makes good noodles! twitterurl
There is 3 women for every man if not more....
Tomorrow morning service, afternoon.. Running man! Oh yeah!
Caving,rapid shooting & water rafting so fun man
samsung s4 specs i think, super cool man, twitterurl
Lee Dong Wook serious comel kat Running Man 136 xD
Now my baby dancing, she dancing with another man ~~
Keropok lekor. Thanks twitterusername for frying this man! ?? twitterurl
Haha sudden tears listening to when i was your man
Those were the days man, our thug life. twitterusername twitterurl
thats not the right way to solve an argument man.
Supper with twitterusername while watching running man! twitterurl
Freaking shit man, home on a off day.
I've nothing to watch so I'm watching running man
Man biler end of year results keluar ah?? twitterusername
He looks frustrated & tired. Oh well..... It's your job man
Thai man jailed for selling royal documentary twitterurl
Too long never sing classic... Is hard man LOL
There is nothing lower for a man... - twitterurl
Now My Baby's Dancing, But She's Dancing With Another Man??
Omg potential of 3D printing is limitless man
"When I Was Your Man" playing in Best Buy.
#nw Running Man Marathon episode 136 137 138.
This cough got to go man. Cant eaaaaat good food.
I've got my moon boots on, man on a mission.
Man utd shows a positive attacking skills :3
its april already man its time for fun assembly programmes
Running Man filming at Everland... too far to go ._.
Going to Singapore with this silver lining? Oh man.
[ST] Man charged with dishonestly receiving stolen money twitterurl
Man acquitted of raping sister???s maid   twitterurl
What is your favourite TV show? ??? Running man??? twitterurl
Time to find a part-time job man
Hehe nice new drama to watch (: When A Man Loves ^^
Joss Stone murder plot man jailed for life in Britain\
Man twitterusername did his thang last night !! #PrettyWednesday
I'm always sleeping at round this timing. Fuck man.
[CNA] Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation twitterurl
Hahaha yeah man RT twitterusername twitterusername Goodmorning ! & Goodnight !
Nothing much to do, lets watch Running Man!!
#NowWatching #Grimm S02E11 To Protect and Serve Man
I can actually watch running man in peace tomorrow.
Idw to get out of the car man. Sure melt.
Man I hate crying I swear to god
Man Utd fielding a very strong squad. Awesome! ??
Complaining cold but i wna eat icecream man
Seriously need to top up my ez-ling card man ??
FA Cup : Chelsea vs Man City , Stamford Bridge , 11 PM.
Indian meaning of high . "twitterusername What is shanti man?"
#nowplaying When I Was Your Man - New Heights Cover
I want this man to Bring his Ass !
Man.. this weekend gtta b something to remember.
Another bombing at Texas. The world need a hug man.
had fun wif twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername man
I Realise kwanghee is a great, real man.
Yay got my earpiece back Thanks Man :D twitterusername
Stop spreading rumours about me pls, wth man
Dis big grown man suckn his thumb smfh
Fuck this chinese man for cutting the fucking queue -.-
running man marathon on mio channel 604 rn haha cool
Gonna watch running man ep 140. RM is so awesome
Cousins neighbour in munah and hirzi hahaha gentle man dance
Enjoying myself in the aircon room with Running Man ~ ?
Yeah man. RT twitterusername I seriously hate ITE life.
hoping the ice cream man would come todayyyyy
Iron Man 3 on 25th April. So long -.-
Young man from Toronto that will put in work.
"twitterusername Miss qiyam alot. Especially part running man!" ----YESSH WAK ?????
You should man up and face the world.
School from 8am to 6pm tomorrow. Not cool man!
Oh man i really feel like having teh halia.
[TNP] Spalling concrete from ceiling falls on man twitterurl
congrats to Man Utd for winning the title
#mentionsomeonehandsome my man,my boy,my special one hahahahaa SD
What man!ate something wrong . Stomacheee.. Feeling of lao saing...
Congrats for everyone who's watching iron man 3 today. ??
Indian man held for selling baby grandson on Facebook twitterurl
Nak watch running man until i fall asleep
??twitterusername We should have running man as cca!  #tpconfessions???\
Iron man 2 \\m/ alone:| (@ living room) twitterurl
#nowwatching running man episode 135 with jackie chan
Man arrested for vandalising Cenotaph war memorial twitterurl
I want one of the iron man suits!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want watch iron man 3 pleaseee preety pleasee!
I don't mind being the loser this time round man
Rt "twitterusername iron man 3 everywhere full house lah guise"
Iron Man 3 was awesome, rating it above 10??
My baby's dancing . But she's dancing with another man . #np
A deep strong desire to watch iron man 3 soon..
She's watching iron man and i just sitting here alone :)
Dear iron man, i wanna be ur gf :)
Wah paycut of half in new job man
Fuck man! 2nd time I'm doing this shit!!
I just realize I haven't watch running man!
Read more on KFC IRON MAN Burger at twitterurl
I can imagine myself watching iron man 3 now HAIS
Needs shinee to be on running man one day omg
Fuck the middle man im the plug now
Watching Iron Man 3 ltr with aunt and her boyf ??
No one to watch Iron Man 3 with.
How does one man survive eating 20eggs daily lol
131CEP did me proud man, going against EEP fuckers. #dontevenknowwhowon
Going to watch Iron man with mum and dad EHEHEHEHHEHE
now my baby miss dancing but as someone else's man
, ?? my man cant be providing for my family yet
so excited to see baby gen! oh man
having iron man 3 on my phone making bitches jealous
omg someone watch iron man 3 with me
And need to improve on my writing man tsk
???Iron Man 3? Comic Book References, Easter Eggs & Trivia : twitterurl
"And who is this shiny building of a man?"
#nowwatching LOST ASH ONE MAN LIVE [EVOLUTION THEORY] DVD - Avalanche
Man, I reaaaally need to work the next coming holidaysm
Football: Manager Moyes to leave for Man Utd - Everton twitterurl
David moyes is man uniteds new manager for 6 years
Amazing movie iron man 3 twitterusername , robert so handsome?
Now my baby dancing, she's dancing with another man.
Gonna watch Star Trek Into Darkness 3D tomorrow... Yeah man!!!
Bro, when i was a man lah bro!. Haha
Portrait of The Sculptor as a Young Man twitterurl #photojournalism
"The man had killed the thing he loved,\
Dont get what this teacher is talking about man
Wearing Man U jersey to tuition , Champion la
Missing pang. RT twitterusername Iron man 3 with briends ! /o/
Busterd sia ken HAHAHAHA ??? thats how i roll man twitterurl
D'amor acting like she play KU ball man lol
Iron man 3 today wheeeee but anyone wanna come? HAHAHA.
see man this that shit i be talm bout ..
ditch kang maru and go for the lawyer guy man
Indonesian police shoot dead man after bomb attack twitterurl
I might be not the perfect man for you.
He really fucking gets all the girls he wants man!
Watched iron man 3. #movie #outing #finally twitterurl
Man I fucking hate everybody on the Knicks besides melo !!!!!!!
Adam's addicted to instagram XD that man, i swear <3
Keep playing when I was your man. Awesome
People watching white chicks in the library HAHAHAHAHA yeah man
Clear Men ad on a MAN. Genius advertisers.
No laa cantona will be nexy manager of man utd??
Man exposes himself at kopitiam before flashing knife twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino twitterurl
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Need to control my fucking temper man.??????
But the new me is really fucking Messed Up man..
Im not broke, im just a broken hearted man
Home alone. I'm going to watch Iron Man 3.
Finally watching running man? Haha totally no mood to study!
Sarah Husna. I miss this girl man, I really do
CAthode RAy Oscillators. Yeah man that's what it's all about.
Vote for my one man FA! twitterusername for TPSU!
I love listening to Shabba Ranks lol "Mr. Lover man"
Looks like Rooney is definitely leaving Man Utd.
#nowwatching Man United against Swansea, the atmosphere is amazing
Whaliao my phone sucks man , stupid phone ugh
Physic qns are very tricky man, sigh habis aku esok
Shit man. Why now? There's an update for 4pics1word again !!!
[TNP] Prata man rescues woman sitting at traffic intersection twitterurl
Watching iron man 3 later with a a
the plot twists in iron man 3 were AMAZING
#grateful to my mother not my old man
Fuck th rain man. Stop causin traffic jams.
Man in rape case 'was framed by younger brother': Lawyer\
Today got man u nyer game at ite west.. Hahahah
Going to watch Iron Man 3 with family tmr~~
Been playing the piano since 11 man i'm tired :(
say whut... Dinner break is 30mins only? Not enough man :(
.... When I left my hse then running man was uploaded!
balls man im not ready physically and mentally
the word "SWAG" on running man is damn...hilarous
Running man editor for 155 can film horror movie pls
oh man...they streaming the Qun tokyo live now?!
Cant wait for 2NE1's ep of running man!!
Oh fuck man that will be dam sad
oooo cant wait for this sunday's running man
Man I don't feel like going to this appointment tho
Running Man ep 159-1: twitterurl via twitterusername
#NowPlaying  - When I was your man - Bruno Mars
Today the latest episode of running man will be out!!!!
I cant believe it man . Seriously . Pampering too much
Got Knots In My Stomach Man. This Shit Crazy
That man has features similar to a girl's.
Ugh this man looking bitch get on my nerves
fuck this man keeping everything to myself from now on
shindong asking exo if he is a man LMFAO
Lay wants to eat w Lee soo man?
[TNP] Bottle almost hits man having dinner twitterurl
Omg I'm so in love with chow chow man!
Get a fucking hold of yourself man. Disfuckinggusting.
When I Was You Man // Boyfrend Bruno. Dreaming teroxxx. Lol.
Running Man cast are coming to SG on 19 October!!!
Great people there.. But fuck the security man....
When people say that I'm family oriented, yeah man...
Dafuq is giving me Iron Man 3 poster?! LOL.
Running Man gonna held fan meeting on 19 Oct xx
why am i often taking advantage of? hell man.
man, stop taking your own sweet time D:
Or maybe just watch old episodes of running man?
This kind of attitude everyone will leave you man. Zzz
Thankful tho, thanks young man whoever you are. :)
Watching The Purge now with twitterusername Having heart attack man!
its a boy girl thing is awesome man
Bobby has no class, Bobby is a free man....
China man digging his nose. What a lovely sight.
Man jailed, fined for cheating and loansharking offences twitterurl
I only got 56% but MAN I PASS MATHS!!!
What is wrong with this fucking house man ?!
Shall watch the new episode of running man soon.
Done with episode 162 running man. Time for WGM.
What is Running Man show about ? I dont get it .
"twitterusername Man I miss jas so freaking much!"!!!!!
Another day in the skin of a young black man
Yeah man 2 gta crew interested in me
Thats it man im not studying globalisation already lol
Lord I'm trying to be a better man
Oh men, these 9ja ads are so depressing man
I guess.. Keeper Malaysia Izham Tarmizi  Man of the Match
It's saturday morning man! What's up with the crowd? Sheesh!
[ST] Weaning S'pore off the Great Man leadership style twitterurl
oh man~~ lappy no battery,,off now!!!>< bye
Happy Birthday man! Hope you're doing well! twitterusername
Does man u practice crossing cause it's terrible.
Walaowey! Speechless sia . What happen to man u?
Young should've fucked off right aft kcik off man
Now united is playing properly. LOL. TOO LATE MAN
Man City defensive dah macam tembok. Cannot be broken.
Man utd players no mood already to play.
hehe watching running man!!!! gd so cute omgg ?????????
Being an F1 racer is cool swag shit man.
Sebastian Vettel really left everyone behind.. Hahaha.. U go man!!
Gonna watch running man when i got home .
Aw man twitterusername crying in the latest vlog.... :') #ctfxc
Wrong assumption led to slashing of innocent man twitterurl #Singapore
[CNA] Man arrested for suspected serial housebreaking and theft twitterurl
A true strong man fights with his heart??.
Omg this is like once in a lifetime man...
Fucking exhausted man. Just gonna HIMYM/BREAKINGBAD all the way.
Cried while watching running man latest episode.... you kidding me....
Man jailed for punching cabby, fined for damaging vehicles  twitterurl
Running man never fails to cheer me up.
Gonna watch the latest episode of running man tonight!!!!
and even till now, it fucking hurts man
horrible home lost wtf Moyes cover your face man
Man Utd lose to West Brom at Old Trafford wowwwws
I left the cinema feeling bonged out man. #notevenkidding
Big ass ice cream just for running man. twitterurl
yep, there's only one man that know it, okay~
just back from work! last day..yeah man!
??twitterusername Pogba twitterurl Man U missed out a solid player~
early morning late now mia what the fuck man
"Top Hooker" ? Man..what is happening to the Discovery Channel..
Hahaha man city looking like a kids team put there
Idk man no one I love more than my mother
F you man. You tired ppl not tired ah.
Not watching 2nd half ! Let's go man U !
Free header! 76' Man Utd 4-1 Fulham #FACup
??twitterusername twitterusername Fucking spot on, man...??? Its stupid.
Man i wish i had an electric guitar hahaha
i want to throw my phone man pekcek
Yeah man, you're right. ??twitterusername twitterusername cause you're only human???
nooooooo why running man not coming singapore ;< #disappointedrunner
We're not complete when we're 1 man down.
Contemplating to take poly or TED man. Hais
Rashad Lewis smoke kush man. Lol he don't hoop
coach for ladies. but with one negro man. pervert much?
Will be continue watching running man after solat jumaat.
Australia's Tasmanian Tiger killed by man: study twitterurl
YEAH MAN! #GanEngSengSchool! "twitterusername Gan Eng Seng too! Whoa!"
Football: Man Utd add Japan date to Asian tour twitterurl
Man I just brought these scantrons for nothing ??????
That running man guest body is damn good !
This year CNY is a rushing new year man.
Time to watch the latest episode of running man! :D
Happy Birthday twitterusername !! Have a blast man :-) see you ard!
Event completed! Met one of the nicest sound man yet! :)
#nowplaying When I was your man - Bruno mars ?
who is giving creampies to these ugly hoes man?!?
running man needs to have more episodes like this
Man Utd star loses ??30,000 Chevrolet to thieves | twitterurl twitterurl
Im fuckin pissedoff man. Just stop callin will you ?
Shan so sweet with her " thing " man ? . Awww . I jelly :( !
wah lan what cheki is that...so expensive man
the latest episode of running man is hella good
Wearing this machine like a fucking iron man.
Man , this dog about to lose his life
Didn't realise that I watched Running Man until 4am. Haha
Okay getting off from tweeting to watch running man. Byeeee!
Wtf this grown man here is listening to jb
Still studying at this timing. Shit got serious man.
Oh man forgot to take photos w cousins /:
"twitterusername justin timberlake boy you are one sexy man."
Stay home Sunday running man with family. twitterurl
#NowWatching Running man at Astro S One Hd. :D
Mourinho in the stands watching man utd's game #MUNEVE
Go Man U!!!! (Even tho I'm not a soccer fan)
Running man the best tv show for me :*
Free for move! Axel, you got it man! Peace twitterurl
Watching Man Utd match that i missed last night. ?
reow! you look hot man when you sing ~ ah.
I gotta get this money man its nothing else
Candy crushing with twitterusername . Sweet sugar candy man.
She ain got no heart ... Shawtyy like the tin man !
Running man in the meantime to entertain myself.
Fear the one man that can judge you.
112 days more to free man , cant wait .
#nowwatching man u vs real madrid!go real go!!haha!??
#nowwatching real madrid vs man utd #UCL #GGMU
Man U just scored and the #mamak crowd goes wildddddd!
Lets Go Man U.. !!! Crazy game. Intense. 2 amazing teams.
Man U 1- 1 Real Madrid. Hmm not bad.....
Tryna get girls off a brand man you hella whoomp
Eh what's the plan lah man sluts hahahaha twitterusername twitterusername
so did everyone ummmmm watching that running man right now?
I need a new phone man smh ughh
Man I Felt Like I Was Working Out All Night
hope can gets a new shoes bag man!
Fuck ah Scha reply tweet man!!! Arghhhh shit
Shall watch running man once I get tweet jail
??twitterusername Man charged with molesting teen male on bus twitterurl
Man charged with outraging modesty of girl twitterurl
Omg?!! Running man ep 133 is going to be epic!!!!!
watched running man until damn irritated with jung min zzzzzzzzzz
What's your ideal man? ??? Understanding and caring :) twitterurl
Eh stare what stare siol. Disgusting old man
Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man.
ohyea cher say nid print sec copy somemore man.
Oh man my phone running out of battery !!
??twitterusername Who will win today? #manu?? twitterurl ah Man U
oh man i dunno this prince/beggar fairytale.
How can someone earn $1,000,000? ??? Idk, business man? twitterurl
Man... How to get PicFx for free nihh??? :(
Wah really love my boss man ?? every paycheck extra 30bucks
Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV twitterurl
"twitterusername Sup niggas I officially quit smoking ?" great man !
Can't wait for Sunday to arrive. Running man!!!!
Now my baby's dancing, n she's dancing with another man..
did anyone else watch the trailer for iron man 3
My maid can srsly just go bang wall die man.
Now watching all time fav show, Running Man (:
??twitterusername Overly manly man ?? twitterusername ????? i dont see the need. ??
Spending my day sleeping eating watching movies. So productive man.
Such an old song but man it's so good.
You really can't spell lepak without ciggs man.
Google Sues Apple; Dog Bites Man (GOOG, AAPL) - DailyFinance twitterurl
RT twitterusername A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
annoyed i found someone more cock eyed than me man
hahah what the hell is wrong with you man
#Japanese man shows off his #iPhone 'quick-draw' system twitterurl
"twitterusername #nowplaying call me a space man!!!!! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ^^" :')
You're being a pain in the ass man
Love running man and i'll take you to my dad
You're a lady not a man. Walk properly ????
Yeah, I know that feeling man. I've been there too... :/
Bulls dominating the Knicks!! Definite blowout man!! woohoo!!
Today Non-Man U fans will support Liverpool. Including me (;
But got a feeling Man U will win.
Sleeping with sirens. How to sleep man, got sirens
And Man City wasted to take the lead
what God has joined together, let man not separate twitterurl
Shall sleep only aft i watch finish Running Man!
Waiting for the mail man to drive around my coldesac <
#winning RT twitterusername ?/ RT twitterusername A man that can cook...
She gone ride for her man. Crackhead and all..
Running man ep 128 now! while eating snacks :D
i salute to all the gay parents in sg man. ??
A real man will ruin your lipstick, not your mascara.
It's Yonghwa again on the next episode of Running Man!
Gossips are not for the man of God.
Man dies in fight at Changi Village - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
No service. Wtf man and i'm not even M1
running man ep 129 would b really awesome! :D
Thanks man :D RT twitterusername Happy birthday bro twitterusername :)
Bored @ work man, i shld be playing my ps3 now??
Insulting or assaulting a woman doesn't make you a man....
Oh man... Only 56mins past 0800hr... So slow eh time...
Got to study geography at home today man so blank
cb cannot play bomber man with this computer. zzzzzzzzzzz
CBS > Popeye the Sailor Man turns 84 twitterurl #news
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus twitterurl
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus twitterurl #punggoleast
Wah cb la this man no need so near right
Why is daddy giving me a big Man U poster? ??
Lol I need a friend here man. At least one.
Why's today so happening. Got my second man -.-
Old ahjummas creepin on the young man. Eww.
So rooting for Man City later ;) twitterusername <3
Last week's Running Man at nex was epic ??
Omg i really wanna go to Greece man !
Iron Man 3 will have a superbowl spot (i think)
On my mind now is just running man
the master session 7 >> "twitterusername the master of wrong man...
The man u game damn scary.having mini heart attacks
Learn to be being happy with and without a man.
[720P] 130120 Running Man Idol Special Full: twitterurl
Luckily got ms faezah notes, forgot the formula man
Suspicious man tailgating me now. I'm not stupid lol.
Wanna catch pitch perfect again man hot hot
Chinese man beats woman savagely but onlookers do nothing twitterurl
family outing and running man are the funniest, hands down!
#nowplaying ? When I was your man - Bruno Mars
Watch Full Running Man Episode 129 English Subs twitterurl
What a way to start my Wednesday off man.
This motherfucker is just pissing me off man ha ha
lol west ham playing with ten man..... all the best
Oh man if i fall not cool seh
Lmfao yall see that gay man on American idol. Waf!!
Man fined for taking pictures of cashier's chest twitterurl
man what did i just do, can someone save me??
Done for the day, man am i tired.
First time seeing snsd nv thank LEE SOO MAN ~=X
Great gyming session with ma man! :) twitterusername twitterurl
Man i could watch him shoot 3s all day long... \
"twitterusername twitterusername fork off man" puck u lah.
I admire a hard working man. Def a turn on
I miss my fucking best friend man. Distance sucks ass.
[CNA] 45-year-old man arrested over loansharking activities twitterurl
Crap la its going to rain -.- ass man -.-
??twitterusername Running Man is going to Malaysia???? WHAT???
That guy fucking saved a whale . Salute man .
This white man with one eye keeps staring at me!!
"twitterusername when i was your man islamic version twitterurl
Running Man marathon shall continue later after dinner.
Man dies during anti-government protest in #Turkey twitterurl
#10ThingsILove Man that love reading books maybe? :P
Dayum geylang? Not my cup of tea man
He take out the triangle means no more iron man? :(
Man charged with importing puppies without licence twitterurl
Oh man im sick as a dying dog
[CNA] Man charged with importing puppies without licence twitterurl
Tonight is my date with Running Man. Jyeahh ! #RunningMan twitterurl
I'm just a man, I'm not a hero
Beheaded a soldier in public is wtf man
80-year-old Japanese man scales Everest, sets record twitterurl
"twitterusername When I Was Your Man Islamic Version. twitterurl
Omw to JW meeting with the man Ps twitterusername
i keep eating the fruit cups man hahaha omg
Wendy's aft school tmr. No more delaying man
1 month + more to a new phone! Still deciding man...
Eating thischocolate thing from emicakes and watching running man ^^
HAHA I'm that bored man. Spamming ppl on ws
Let them do what they fucking want man.
Almost done with unit2. I feel good man hahaha
Now my baby dancing, but she's dancing with another man....
Today first time.Four at one go how man so stressful
#Nowplaying when I was your man - Jason Chen cover.
[CNA] Man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator twitterurl
My father's logic is really fucked up man
You very hot eh.. ??? no way man no way twitterurl
When I was your man.  #music #brunomars twitterurl
Feel like going out after APEL man ..... hahais.
Don't feel like going to dance training at mediacorp man.. ><
wow this episode of running man was crazy
I didn't sleep. Watched running man for the first time
Man jailed for damaging windscreen of car twitterurl twitterurl
Photoset: shim hyunseong becomes a man 1993.06.09 twitterurl
Man sets up blog to document wife's affair twitterurl #Singapore
Wa omg my body clock so screwed man
his son is the cutest I swear man
Watching Man Of Steel on the 12. Can't wait.
Japanese man found dead in cell: Malaysian police twitterurl
#nw when i was your man while studying :)
I dont have the fucking intention of studying man.
Can't wait to watch next week Running Man!\
#5 - A friendly & easygoing guy, see you in school man
Ehwaeh my fatfuck wake already man miracle HAHA yayy ??? twitterusername
Who needs three chairs? Well, this man does twitterurl twitterurl
Why do I have only one dimple man.
Leaving hse soon for pool, whats studying man.
Apparently Virgos are the worst at bringing a man happiness ???
"twitterusername i want to go see monsters incccc man"
Thiago to join manutd? Oh yeah man great news
Man jailed for string of attacks while drunk  twitterurl twitterurl
Wah shit the instructions needs to be more clear man
UK man gets $20k Facebook bug payout twitterurl
Woah ' sorry I'm a family man. ' I love that sentence.
Berlin police shoot dead naked man wielding knife twitterurl
Man U jersey the latest one very nice sak.
There comes a time when a man must wear mask
man twitterusername you really are a rabbit Oo ...
The Sound Behind: 'Man of Steel' twitterurl #photography
You got watch running man? ??? yup why? twitterurl
Man, Europecar is getting their sponsorship money worth today.
feelin as if we're riding a roller coaster man! twitterusername
Waking up at 8 for APEL class sucks man....
You're taking things for granted. Oh come on man
Totally forgot who else stays at Kembangan man.
eee wtf this shit taste like cat food ew man
Just finished watching Friends With Benefits. Great movie man.
Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee \
Zaini mc today so one man show load and unload
Time waits for no man. I'm literally racing against time.
When I was your man chi ver. Lyrics done ?????
Damn! Really need to start studying Malay man
Eh the show really like running man sia
I mean man u know what everyone knows about her
Man jailed for stealing and forging company cheques twitterurl twitterurl
Channel 8 the ip man chiong one ah? Haha
there's a running man vs exo part 2 omg
Why the shit am I getting jealous wth man
twitterurl Man I can't even afford Sushi Tei...
Hahahaha what a surprise!! Good thing that man city lost!!
Man United will regain their spot at no 1
Exo was on running man yesterday #EMAzing EXO
Pokemon origins giving me So much feels man
This girl bet not start with me over her "man"
People crowns pop music star Levine "Sexiest Man Alive" twitterurl
Bootiful morning. Man meditating in the bus, whatsnew eh..
I seen one person say Best Man Holiday was trash
Our CPF system is killing the average man! twitterurl
I cant watch running man ep 172. WHY!?!?
Lie "twitterusername Big lie "twitterusername She's the Man twitterurl
running man ep 172 eng subs is out!!!
If ya Hoe trash...it makes you the garbage man!
hi man. how old are you ? ??? 19 wassup twitterurl
Now screening The Perfect Man ((with Izzatur dari jauh hahaha))
Omg why is it like that? Smth wrng man..
(today) Man arrested for stealing gold bars from pawnshop twitterurl
Man jailed for molesting nine-year-old boy twitterurl
Chilllin with my boys... Been too long man
i have nothing to look forward in December man.
wow haven't seen anyone in like fucking years man
YouTube just do your thing man lol best reply
??twitterusername If you want sexy ass.. twitterurl yeah man..
Whole day watch hindustan. This is so not me man
Man City 4 - 0 Norwich. Going to half time
Oh well ... Man city playing FIFA ? so many goals.
??The good man is the friend of all living things.???\
This man been tweeting hilarious shit since like 2am, lmfao
Getting real tired of your shit man...lol
[CNA] Man jailed, caned for molesting another on bus twitterurl
Man, at least I got balls. You didn't.
Sooo bored!! shall watch running man while I wait!
Is Anchor Man 2 going to show in Singapore?
I am so sleepy what the fuck man
siapa eh? horfun ??? Love you too man! twitterurl
What the fuck!!! No marking man. Hais la,Liverpool leading...
No he didn't foh ??twitterusername Derrion Passed Away?? Nah Man...???
Tummy ache like fuck man. Never had dried wanton before
Bus 15 for 16mins? Gotta be fuckin kidding me man
Thai man allegedly electrocuted by charging iPhone  [iDB]
it'll be weird to see two running man cast dating.
I need a fucking genie as my slave man.
The Heirs & Running Man  every night and im ok :-) :-) :-)
Does the masked man not feel suffocated twitterurl
now baby i'm dancing, but i'm dancing with another man :)
No motivation to watch running man this week
science banyak org fail sia. fuck science man seriously.
I'm not that old man, &certainly not him ???
Listening to this.. man I need a hug
So much going on in my little world man twitterurl
wah fuck man i think im sick T.T
working with mail will have your shit looking rough man.
He wear boxshot with tshirt only ? Da fuck man
Saw an old man beating himself up against the wall.
Oh... I know where the running man members stay XD
Why Gravity's Radical: It's About Man, Not Mankind twitterurl #photojournalism
Something that brightens up my day man really X
Starting of running man ep 167 is funny
otw to boonlay to catch running man woohoo ;)
running man lightsticks more exp than snsd lightsticks lol wut
Wanna go meet the running man cast sia...
This totally hurts man. The headache is killing me
You know what's hard? Making a man pause his game
Calming Breath Can Get You Through This, Man
Tai Sing Yeh puts trainer Manfred Man in top spot: \
(today) Woodlands spitting incident: Man sent for psychiatric evaluation twitterurl
Because a woman, bears pains a man cannot hope to.
Passenger - I'll Be Your Man: twitterurl via twitterusername
hope more court games durin trg man.  like srsly.
[CNA] Man fined for criminal intimidation and causing hurt twitterurl
Man spat on woman in queuing dispute twitterurl #Singapore
Police arrest man involved in spitting incident twitterurl #Singapore
[CNA] Man in online vice ring case found guilty twitterurl
Why am I seeing it everywhere wtf man
Rude man spitting at commuters at Woodlands Bus Interchange twitterurl
Conjuring is nothing compared to Insidious 2 man..
I miss the spy episodes of running man
Mindef clarified man in library video is not a commando.\
Falling sick two days before n's is seriously wtf man
Dad hoping man utd to lose tonight. Haha so mean
idk whatsup w her man, been bullshitting since now & then.
Zahid: The most popular man in UMNO 2day.
ICE CREAMMMMMMM omgosh super craving like one pregnant fucking man
ya man!! ??twitterusername Hardest thing to answer: Describe yourself.??? #fb
#nowplaying : maroon 5 - the man who never lied
Yokomo DIB??? Or a open face.... fuck man
Just got home... man i am so tired
Dear man, pls don't go to 8 story
Oni got away to smoke and shower lol wtf man
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Running Man SG!
Man became a "caged bird" for stealing caged bird. twitterurl
9th placed Man United vs 4th place Southampton.........
Everyone is getting high with Running Man!! #RunningManinSG twitterurl
Wow, young and dangerous shooting kat KL.. Nice man !!!
Haaaa cepat troll gua, gua fans Man United ni  #GGMU
What a happy ending for Dead Man down.
Every man want to win , not to kill .
Need my sleep man i can't take it
After so long now then i remember wtf man aku
Anybody remembers Man U ya Yorke, Cole, Beckham, Staam, Schmickael........
"twitterusername Info nonbar big match BPL CHELSEA vs man city\
Have Man U fans started betting against their club yet?
What i see is Man U going down the drain.
Man jailed for stealing parts from 34 bikes twitterurl twitterurl
Fuck man , feeling super cranky .. Whats worst than that ?
Another big game later at midnight -> Chelsea v Man City.
Omg stucked . Wheres tkss man . Left or right .
Man that was a good ass long sleep.
Can't wait for The Amazing Spider-Man 2!
a man cant be define by anyone but himself.
Pillow talking bout ya man that's wat hoes do
Please being on my apart till forever Mr.Favourite man! twitterusername
Man charged with committing armed robbery with penknife twitterurl
And ya RIP NELSON MANDELA, a man with words
Work was fun today man drinks for everyone hahahahag
Man it's one of quarrels crews little sister.
Disappointing game. Stayed up watching Man U losing.. Nvm! GGMU
Why the najung oppa so man and sweet omy.. *melts*
??twitterusername wow riot in singapore while im overseas???? Yeah man
Got this for 50 bucks @ macbeth sale yeah man twitterurl
Never touch a man when he's hanging a wire.
Good job man Renhui, never study the whole day.
Michael Keane loanee from man utd on for Buxton
Come on ah man utd you are better than this
??twitterusername RT If You are laughing at Man Utd.???
Man U has been losing since Moyes take over. #GGMU
Man city is scoring too much twenty over goals whut
Kimak kene fake wtf man wow bruno tickets -.-
the urge of making a  tattoo hahaha sudden urge man
Muscleaches after mountain climbing and running man camp.
Finished futsal. Been playing since 6. Tired as fuck man
Football: Man Utd find home comforts with Shakhtar win twitterurl
Man in his 60s found dead along Gambas Avenue twitterurl
#nowplaying Love Your Friends,Die Laughing // Man Overboard
Man named Sam Sung no longer works at Apple twitterurl
What's up? ??? I'm good, man. Hah who are you? :) twitterurl
Bring out Walcott or Wilshere and take out Rosicky man.
I can't take Daniel Radcliffe seriously with his man bob
i really wanna go for burning man ugh
Man fuck I can't never not get in trouble
"A woman's always younger than a man of equal years."\
All of sudden feel like rewatching running man. hahahah
They're always hard & cold. So people can see them man
Man probed for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs twitterurl
Damn it lah shouldn't have bought these lekor(s) man
Football: Mata completes record ??37.1m Man United move twitterurl
Too many heavy phone calls this week man...
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername gonna have fun man!" absolutely!!
twitterurl for all the latest episode of running man
(asiaone) Appeal for information on missing man twitterurl
Look at my duck face on the redsports post man
shit la the delivery man came when sterling scored
A weak man cant love a strong woman twitterurl
& a man who is not afraid of cats. WELL DUH
That's expensive man hahahaha RT twitterusername Woah $1030 sampoerna. Nice!
Wa fuck my life for 8 days is fuckkkkked man.
Man i don't take it so serious hahha
when do I get a day off man
Man That pic of B.A.P ...damn if I recognised anyone
Nah man im cool.. Valetine's day is for pussies.
ariana rose is a one sweet drama man omg
The queue for the bus, unexpectedly long man.
"twitterusername Emirates EK19 Is going around at MAN"
Dying my hair jet black. Me no care man
The journey back home is seriously damn torturing man.
Man Utd's defence starting to open up now. :/
I cannot deal with this shit anymore man
If money's not in yet, I'm not going man.
omg i am dying seriously this man broke the internet
it's raining man please extend the timing by a little
I should have take my ops duty today man
Hahaha vidic sial man utd sial moyes sial woodward sial
Cabbing to sch at this timing with twitterusername wtf man.....
Heechul you offended me by saying Running Man is childish :'(
Man Briefly Forgets Hotel Staff Are Not Humans twitterurl
This man is fine as fuck that's at my house
Oh man. Red wine is not chill. MEH.
You're the man!!! You got all the pics.
man my cousin's car sounds like GTR, i like.
Fuck is wrong with these chicks today man?
Man city easily break their defence within Seconds.
man working for the ANBU is sure hard af
140126 Running Man Episode 182 (English Subs) twitterurl
Watching The Amazing Spider-Man (at Komplek Baloi Centre) ??? twitterurl
Watching Emergency Man and woman! Ahhhh.  Jin Hyuk!! twitterurl
There some thing about a man and martial arts ???_???
140201 Kim Byung Man of the Jungle Diary (RAW) twitterurl
Must watch latest running man because of Rain and Wonbin.......
What is kameleo doing man their image LOL
Shit man been coughing for a month Liao
Hey anyone still remember this walk man? Hahahahahaha omg twitterurl
[NEWS] "Running Man" to film an episode in Australia! twitterurl
Malaysian court jails man who raped, then married minor.\
(today) Man jailed for forging pet export papers twitterurl
Man. City vs chelsea.... Keputusan seri amat will be nice...
A very happy birthday to twitterusername man stay handsome ya !
I still feel proud supporting and wearing Man U jersey
10 differences between dating a boy vs. a man. twitterurl
No probem young man you survive without anyone:3
Feels like god when they wash your hair man
Last man standing. (Reupload due to masking error)\
Spider-Man on Clarke Quay #spiderman #busking #clarkequay twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 15 months for smuggling rhinoceros horns twitterurl
oh man i forgot how good deaf havana are
looking foward to jihyo's new drama, emergency man and woman!!!
Ending my night with running man ep 190!
Man arrested in Hougang for suspected loanshark activities twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for causing hurt with dangerous weapon. twitterurl
Gong hyo jin is the best in running man .
My air drumming skills is cray cray man...
Is it correct? I've got no idea man
[CNA] Man, 63, charged with slashing another twitterurl
And that last seen thing needs to go away man
(yahoo) "Spider-Man" stars coming to Singapore twitterurl
my love handles got to go man. twitterurl
#NowListening Bruno Mars - When i was your man
[TNP] The man who kept asking questions twitterurl
De fug man this bus,  12 more weeks twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets detention for filming policewoman in toilet twitterurl
twitterurl this young man got his memory knocked out
Man U taking this second half into their hands
dumb china man blasting the bo beep song
Let's go man city!! Too bad lfc not in cl :'(
I hope man city plays diving-diving with barcelona.
Man arrested in Hougang for suspected loanshark activities twitterurl
jacob needs to shave lmao get it together man
[Y!] Man arrested for kicking, punching SBS bus twitterurl
Lol the auntie said I look young. Im a man!!
I will always be the wing man. So don't worry.
The man n woman behind me is talking rubbish,irritating
Boyce Avenue // When I was your man . Omg meltingg
I'm Waiting For The (iherb delivery) Man twitterurl
JFA - Khaled Nord's 1 vs Perlis - Azlan Man 0.\
don't call me sabby man its not kewl
My predicted starting line up for man utd #MUNFUL twitterurl
Hahah Sherlock is like telling a whole story, man.
Feeling like a free man for a few hours!
Demons run when a good man goes to war.
I swear, man city are too strong this season.
Man arrested for obscene act on public bus twitterurl
Man arrested for performing obscene act on public bus twitterurl
(today) Man arrested for obscene act on public bus twitterurl
Man clothes are so nice, I wna wear too
[TNP] Yishun man and daughter fall to death twitterurl
Cb tio scam again to another old man bar LOL
Omg your b.o is giving me headache man
[CNA] Man arrested for committing obscene act in public twitterurl
Going sleep now. Later going watch man utd match.
Ya okay, thanks for ensuring that. ;) ??? no problem man!! :) twitterurl
SOT,AHAHAHAA what the fuck man twitterusername twitterurl
Actually Liverpool playing much better than man c
Man Utd fans celebrate halfway suddenly kena stunned tio.
[ST] Man cleared of having paid sex with minor twitterurl
Man. That's some sick shit. Digging eyes out.
Running man ep 193 is out already or not?
(today) Man arrested for attacking 3 people twitterurl
[TODAY] Man arrested for attacking 3 people twitterurl
Man arrested over three 'random' stabbing attacks twitterurl
Hais mafiaa game continue next week on running man
Man need to set an alarm for Hot Beat
stop calling me abt work man,its a freaking Sunday
don't think I'm watching man u's game. too tired
can't wait for man utd vs bayern sia walao
No vulgarities during cheers what the fuck sot man HAHAHA
man I'm going back to school tomorrow, have to :(
Walking around the kitchen like pac-man when your hungry
Being unknown at plkn is so damn good man
??twitterusername Have a great day ahead???fuck man
Nvm 4 days to go then im a free man
This is bullshit man. Wakeup late phone still 0% wtf
Malaysian man arrested over attempt to breach checkpoint twitterurl
Ryan Giggs taking over Man Utd ? Awesome . David moyes sacked .
Both Man Utd and Everton are playing really well
Rynee has got to stop bumping into him man. -,- twitterurl
[TNP] Man jailed 8 weeks for 'wrong turn' twitterurl
And I got my first Man O' War!
??twitterusername Yeah we gotta get Mike outta here man..???
Fashion sense pon over the top man hais
Same here. RT twitterusername I got enough man
Fuck it man walking dead marathon will be awesome
This man with all the loud ass talking behind me
I have a lot of people blocked man
best man for my best friend wedding this friday. \
Apple man fearing dark days for cloud - The Independent twitterurl
Hvnt watch running man ep 125, 126, 127
Sundae ice cream + fries while watching running man on tv!
i want to take all this accessories off asap man
"twitterusername First meal of the day!! 120bucks!! Nice one man!"
Young man with long hair is quite charming eh.
Mum n sis laugh so loudly cos of running man. ??????
Man utd playing like their balls are at their throat. \
You will never walk alone MAN UTD. #manutd
Im the luckiest man?? to have u twitterusername ????
Join 5 CCA in one go! Power up man!:) hahAha!
So no more KayCee? Imma miss that botak man
#nowlistening Bruno mars - when I was your man
He not bout dat life man catch him in traffic!!
Some fucking ninja emoticon that looks like a sushi man ??
watching running man for the first time bcs of myung
??twitterusername Harap Man Utd menang . Sorry Spurse +wallet???#GGMU
Spending at least $200 every weekend not funny man
Seeing people tweeting about food.. AH SCREW YOU MAN!
I hope ray Lewis take it all man !!!!!
In skool with cindy!  she watching someone!  yeah man
when i was you man on repeat thanks to twitterusername :(
At this point in time, I need chinyee man :(
AFCON 2013:10-man Ethiopia hold defending Champions | twitterurl twitterurl
My face oso like a man uh huh
Oh man! What did i got myself into.
Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP's Jeyaretnam twitterurl
My foot is numb because it's so cold idk man
#NowPlaying When I Was Your Man - Bruno Mars
The man with the plan gets the most respect.
Mr Png is a super friendly man! I like!
Just woke up...the feeling is Damn nice man~
Screen la screen!!! What was I thinking man
They better not lose to these bums again man #GoBlue
It's raining its pouting the old man is snoring .. ??
shit man hopefully i'm not in trouble hahahahaha
A man doesn't need anyone who doesn't need him
I Guess She Being The Bigger Man Lol. #GoodChoice #DCMG
Since 2009? Seriously man? Well done your joke isn't fail.
#NowPlaying ? Mr. Tambourine Man / Greatest Hits - Bob Dylan twitterurl
Keep hitting replay button for when I was your man
(CNA|sg) Man charged with stealing baby milk powder twitterurl
I can see that he's a work hard man :)
Pineapple tart n running man woohoo twitterurl #Cymera
Shall watch running man and off to lalaland
Video promo Man United vs Real Madrid mmg awesome. #GloryGloryManUnited !
but screw it man no one's gonna dinner with me :(
??twitterusername Southampton 3 - Man City 1???? ManCity rabak giler!
Man city is playing like a championship team. Wtf.
idol dream team running man is too funny
haha RT??twitterusername btr go charge my portable charger man???
used to hate lobang but now? heck man HE'S HILARIOUS
yesss "twitterusername Fellaini feel free to come to Man Utd"
Not sure is man united or van united. :O
She's still with her man, but she'll see me tomorrow. ??
Man City kalah dengan Soton? fuhhh, power Soton powerr!!
#nowwatching When I Was Your Man - Bruno Mars MTVhits
"SNSD Sunny's uncle is Lee Soo Man" SAY WHAT??!!?!!
#Tokyo man arrested over bizarre computer hacking campaign: Reports twitterurl
Woah Man Vs Wild on Discovery now!!:B
WTF is wrong with my mother man srsly
Man of Steel coming out in a few months. Whoop!
Downloading Aether Mod . Saw Tobuscus using it , Man , thats awesome ,
Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence twitterurl
Anyone know the lines up for Man U game tonight ?
What the fuck did I do to your life man...
Body of man pulled from Whampoa River twitterurl #Singapore
??twitterusername twitterusername lets smoke sometime man.??? Im downz
Can't wait for the match to kick off man!
I hate having to deal wit da villa man >_<
" GLORY GLORY MAN CITY " - I kenot brain dis shit !
Man fined for molesting exec and forging degree twitterurl
Woah an old man wearing a playboy shirt .____.
oh man, i need to refresh my coding knowledge.
Cant stop smiling man omgosh LOL. Help me.
Having tough time shifting my clothes man. Shit this
I want to stop drinking man , seriously . Hah
But i'm in a cranky mood ow man
Will file 9 be about a dancing police man??
Den go say Bee sleep the young man is grown!
done with my running man . off to bed . xo
Now watching Ip man at Channel 8. Cool...
Oh man jam with a really good bassist. Fun opportunity :-)
Man utd have the chance to clear 7 points again.....!!!^^
SingSing: Fucking happy man.. I just wanna punch a cow.
Man United valued at record .3 billion: Forbes twitterurl
2 months no need see all the old man.
omg twitterusername  running man ep 130 is already out!!!!
The man behind Warong Saga. Uncle Mail: twitterurl
Omg im trying to screamo since just now. Fuck man.
Ashley young just scored against man city hehehehe awyes
OMG! No printing shop is available! Fuck man.
Two face bitch. How can people trust you man omg
Love doing retarded stuff with Amanda and jaz man.
Got one more!! I can't see the link man. twitterurl
#nowlistening when I was your man - Bruno Mars
I keep on laughing while watching Running Man xD
[NEWS] ???Running Man??? Causes Traffic Everywhere in Macau: twitterurl
Why Alondaa Can't Have Her Phone ?? GooodNight Man
Black dudes got the groove and funk man
Just woke up. shit and body is aching man
Running Man speaks more broken english in this episode XD
Wtf? I've watched ABTM2 for your twitter name? Dafug man
Omg am i really so embarrassing that night ???????? WTF MAN
[CNA] Man charged with outraging modesty of girl twitterurl
Man charged with outraging modesty of girl twitterurl #Singapore
I fucking made egg beancurd man. Omg. twitterurl
I'll probably start hafaling again after maghrib.. too exhausted man
Man... This guilt is killing me. Need to apologise
twitterurl best song man, Local SG music! twitterusername
??twitterusername A man gotta stand alone sometimes.??? women too
omg i used to be so... wtf man. WTF.
iPhone battery has the speed of a cheetah man.
idk how microsoft word -ing man! shall try lorh.
Going to mac to watch man united Match soon.
Gonna watch running man ep 133 now. Omg cant wait!!!!!
Just watched running man ep 135. So funny. JACKIE CHAN!! ??
One more time jackie chan on running man pleaseee!!
#nowwatching Man utd vs Real Madrid #Chamiponsleague #2ndLeg
Thought the timing rosak! Is 12 already man! twitterurl
aww man. twitterusername was replying to fans an hour ago. ?
As a man I'm so proud of him #iGag -  twitterurl
What a fucking long day man. But I had fun!
When words fail, fuck it! The feeling's gone man
time to catch up on my Running Man & one piece
"twitterusername Happy birthday man ! :) twitterusername yooo thanks see you soon!!!
Just gonna catch an episode of running man
[NEWS] ???Running Man??? to air Indiana Jones-like special : twitterurl ?? ??
man fuck both of em, i hope the court collapses
Jackie Chan forever cute . Ahaha comel je kat Running man
Yeah man! We texted for like so long liao
Loving ANTM Cycle 19, College Edition man, SO DAMN GOOD ??
Finally done tracking info . cant believe it man ! Hahaha XD
Man that's one friendship I'm not prepared to lose.
Camera man is so wowww! Keep zooming at pretty girls.
dee kosh has really come a long way man
Running man episod 136 dah keluar shall watch it tomorrow ^^
coffee chocolate man are all better rich . twitterurl
Android forever taking it's time to charge man.
Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications twitterurl #Singapore
Can't wait for next week's episode of Running Man! \
Need a fuckibg ride to da gym man
Why the hell did I bring dance tee man. Shit
Ok its my turn to watch Running Man ep 136!
#Free #Kindle #10: The Maintenance Man Collector's Edition twitterurl
??twitterusername fuck it man im super tired fml...... ?????
Omg I wanna see your man live performance so badly :(
Running man should air like twice a week lo.
#Free #Kindle #8: The Maintenance Man Collector's Edition twitterurl
God knows how much i miss dancing man ahhhhhhh
I Swear This Shit Makes Me So Fuckin Mad Man .
Got it thanx man :) RT twitterusername twitterusername Check your email :-)
NS man grateful for holiday at reservist camp twitterurl #OpPopulation
Ahhhhh When I Was Your Man playing rn!!!
#nowlistening The Script - The man who cant be moved.
Just fuck it man. I'm not even kidding at all.
Gaaaaah! People should stop giving the fans feels man. xD
Treatment later. Gonna be painful gahhhhhh dealing with acids man
??twitterusername Medicine got me drowsy...??? Man cut that out
#Nowplaying bruno mars - when i was your man
MAN IN LOVE! INFINITE! Omg i miss them so much.
funny sia wwfc all chase shahib like running man
I'm not broke, i'm just a broken hearted man.
#Shoutout To Da Homie twitterusername Man!! I See You! #Work
16 km route march eh ? What the heck man .
#nowlistening Bruno Mars - When I was Your Man.
Fabio you're my bitch man . I freaking love you !!
For me, Man of the match : Khairul fahmi che mat !
Man Alcohol Be Fucking Up My Stomach Bad
Stomach nt feeling good these few days. Wtf man
"twitterusername Running Man is truly awesome! Cr:catforte [I] twitterurl
'' My baby is dancing but she's dancing with another man. ''
idk man it's like ure grabbing people's attention
[ST] Man fined $2,000 for engaging unlicensed employment agent twitterurl
Alltop RSS > Tree Beard as A Young Man twitterurl #photography
Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong twitterurl
Ive been every man lookin for you babe .
"twitterusername One man cannot make a team. - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar"
U know...... When Chinese speaks Malay. Hahahahah so cute man
Done watched Running Man episode 138, Seriosly Awesome !
Tmrw gonna work for 10 long hours man ...
I don't know what th fuck is happening man.
Man jailed for hurling TV set at worker twitterurl
Cb that taste ah last warning man lol
Mashallah this school boy seriously need to wear deo man!
Maximum 3 more months , hopefully 2 months can free man !
CR dah sign contract dgn Man United ke?
Mass. man charged with trying to extort celebrity twitterurl
Omg, man got crucified every year?????????? That's erm............... Erm........ WHY?
What is your favourite TV show? ??? uhmmmm running man. twitterurl
man i miss skipping chinese to sleep in the library
nothing hotter than a man in a uniform.
??twitterusername "twitterusername What is wrong with the weather man"???
Pete Campbell - the man everyone loves to hate.
Blocked nose. eye infection. fuck this shit man.
I shall go back home... Watch running man....
Sharing murtabak with my man <3 twitterusername twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername that's a brilliant idea" fck yeah man! :D
"twitterusername twitterusername okok make sure hor!" Yeah man
Mysterious naked man leaves Australian police baffled twitterurl
Hate u for doing that to Afiqah man......
So many disgusting people in the world man.
Chalet on 16 man! But sad work morning shift zzz
Can't sleep. Yap, Running Man is the only solution.
This networks really killing me man... Lembab selembab siput khinzir..
Man sentenced 3 years??? jail, caned for molesting daughter twitterurl
#myboyfriendnotallowedto i dont know man, im not that "controlling" hahahaha
Another scholar cum military man appointed ??? CEO of NEA twitterurl
Fernandinho from Shakhtar joins Man City for ??34M .
wah fuck sia this running man episode is damn funny
Running Man vs Rules of the Jungle ni ep berapa?
Oh my BB Kaye is one beautiful beautiful man. twitterurl
I don't have my ring on fml man
IRONMAN3!!! Shitz man Tony Stark is one true hero :D
Waiting for the next Running Man, ep 146.
Idk man, Anayib just needs to bring chocolate milk everyday.
So many andersonians watching iron Man 3 just now :3
Iron Man 3 still not released in Pak? Censor Board?
i also want boyfriend who loves man utd lei
I don't know what would I do without running man
man i'm having a hard time learning. lol.
I should watch Running Man now.. bye bye~
so someone in school said perrie was a 'man head'\
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername morning girls !??? morning man and pretty girl! ??
confirm la man dominate tengah time game nnt sigh
Man You Looking Bazodee Every Time I Start
Well done la boy. Proud of you man! twitterusername
Not fucking interested, get off my back man
what kind of phone is kouichi using man
I swear i can't wait to see my man tonight
??twitterusername when i was your man islamic version twitterurl
Not an Arsenal fan but Emirates feels good man... twitterurl
My Nigga twitterusername Bout To Gone Soon Man. . . #PutOn #DCMG
Aww man :'("twitterusername twitterusername then i left nothing for you.??"
(the star) Man denies sexually abusing his sister twitterurl
Swedish Man Dies After Having Sex With Hornet???s Nest\
??twitterusername Fuck this shit my headache is getting worse man.???
What's up, dude? RT twitterusername Wearing man clothes today.
woah west brom catching up alrdy. C'MON MAN U
??twitterusername Ppl be forever on some sneaking shit man!???
screw sejarah man lets turn up some good music lol.
Wtfh man scared the fuck out of me
WAH Lao brother and sister watching running man????
Okay,gonna shower and then watch running man!
Hunger, Rust and poor. A lot of work man
Calling upon nyp man . How can it be
Cb Kenna lock outside house 30min not funny man !!
sabar k? RT twitterusername she dance with another man
France holds man in 'religiously motivated' soldier stabbing twitterurl
He need to fucking calm his gay tits down man.
Yeayyy. Dah copy Running Man eps 1-146!
Man of steel or pecah? Or nak marathon?
suddenly i lik tis song man. listenin to it everyday;)
Watching Tad 3D today and Man Of Steel tomorrow.
Fuck i need my wing man la twitterusername
Thomas is trying to ruin my english man..
Should watch Running Man after this on my lappy. Woohoo!
Feel like heading down to safra to pool alone man .
Why do I hear when I was your man
Oh yeah, I forgot to watch Running Man. HAHAHHH
what a bad time to start watching running man
sudden emotional breakdown early in the morning suck alot man
Class tee to school today. For you man.
Man charged with spraying graffiti at skating bowl twitterurl twitterurl
The man behind Microsoft Office on staying on top twitterurl
Sami starting for man city but not Edin .____.
joe hart the big cola 6 handed man! ??
Sleeping for too long can cause a headache man
Fucked up today man. Want go town only got $50.
Running Man ep kali ni best. Serious the best.
Steal my man and I'll break your face.
Running Man is also playing on Sony channel thingy!! Aiyo
Man arrested for vandalising Cenotaph war memorial  twitterurl
Seriously hate that so much!  What's wrong with u man
I hope it's nothing serious man..bleeding eye... #ufc159
Ahem first time trying AYAM PENYET. don't judge man?
So cute,this elderly caucasian man playing scooter
#boomz #first #gaming #rig Loving it man twitterurl
Iron man 3 with twitterusername and caijing ! twitterurl
From Iron Man now I'm becoming Professor X.
Sri Lankan Man jailed one month for fatal crash twitterurl
Addicted to running man thanks to my gf lah
My phone full of twitterusername photos thanks man
Watching running man in Seoul (: #Korea #RM #worktrip #travels twitterurl
Will miss fergie when he's no more managing man utd ??????????
Man I want those Nike SB's Eric Koston 2.
Going to watch Iron Man 3 with Nabeel soon!
Man gets 20 months??? jail, cane for molesting daughter twitterurl
So what subs do u take man ??? sex ed twitterurl
And Champion. :) rt "twitterusername Insya'allah man utd win ah ??"
Havent got any dinner yet man. Ahhh shit
Hmm. Go home continue watch Running Man, then.
Nice ending Man U ! By RVP scoring hat trick! twitterurl
Didn't know Zheng Ge Ping lifted the camera man hahahaha.
Hahaha! Tot score lagi. Tot 3-1 man city.
decided on watching she's the man instead ooyeah
This 140 characters limit got to go man. Really annoying.
Shahril Ishak will be the front man or tonight.
I wanna watch iron man 3 tomorrow ?? no friend .
IRON MAN 3 was amazing  in 3 d!
iron man 3 not bad . But it wasn't that outstanding .
i can't breathe man omfg im so happy!
What. Why are we watching running man..... no. What. No.
Why is everyone watching iron man 3 today.............
WTF man, another bombing yesterday and  shooting this morning!
Going to tamp and watch iron man 3 with mom.
Bitch ??? Well good evening TO YOU TOO MAN!~ twitterurl
Oh man. Hopefully the train not too pack.
I never thought Running Man was so addictive.
#np When I Was Your Man..keep repeating this song.. :')
twitterurl [] [S$7.90] Captain America and Iron Man tee shirts!
whatever man. 44 is not a healthy number either. nomnomnomnomnomnomnom
this earpiece is a bitch man wah i hate u
Alright twitterusername you right about tracie man lol
so sleepy sigh but running man is at 11:45 :(
Cannot tashaaan man the cramps. Cabbing home from Lavender.
Nxt week NAPFA Test. Shit man. Not really that prepared.
Running Man gonna have fanmeet in malaysia. haizzz
this funny weather cn get anyone to fall sick man
Most of Man utd subs are attacking players
Fuck man, I don???t even have anything to show. :/
Shit man, getting too caught up watching arrow.
My sis going to Iron Man 3 GALA PREMIERE, bojio :((
Yeah man ? RT twitterusername That e.t guy is through?
"Cause a good strong man walked out of my life."
HAHAHAHAHAHA javi's hair . HAHAHAHAHAHAHA freaking hell this man.
this man besides me is singing titanium.....bleah
Finally met the amazing rachel man. OMG OMG
Wah I'll prove it to u guys man
Play soccer at school just now waa great man
Watching iron man  (with twitterusername at Blitz Theater) ??? twitterurl
...i'm probably gonna cry a lot watching iron man 3
Iron man three was just alright for me lehh..
The iron man game on phone is entertaining
Wahh ???????? making me hungry sia this man vs food
Having been missing out all the many Running Man episodes.
Driver watching running man to kill time. Ahahaha
feeling so scared about watching the crooked man :(
??twitterusername I'll the happiest man alive if singapore snows.???
Omg I'm gonna die while doing aerobics man. So tiring.
Man, growing up is insane. I notice so much now.
Football: Platt leaves Man City after Mancini sacking twitterurl
Happy Birthday twitterusername . Best wishes man, see you soon!
I love PLaw man. Time flies when you enjoy something ????
Car slams into coffee shop table, tree; man arrested twitterurl
You know who I am? ??? not a clue man twitterurl
one day ive got to follow twitterusername go out man.
not like anyone actually gives a shit man
"twitterusername Man Utd's play is becoming more disappointing."
Who the fuck is this opera lady man
Really too lazyy to get work done man omg ):
Something Is wrong with man city. They aren't buying
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - Official Extended Trailer twitterurl
Not sure if i can watch running man at home
I need to stop eating like a fat man
Then i shall eat them while watching running man .
2 class had been cancelled. I'm a free man.
watching Emergency man and woman, super funny haha ^^
So Nemanja Vidic actually left Man United last week then?\
??twitterusername Man Utd are nothing without Tom Cleverley.???HAHA
Visiting the giant man-made tree of Singapore twitterurl #travel
sigh wtf man lol bugis all selling wolf 88 tees -__-
Nora seriously have to stop the rabbit thing man
Why is Singapore 50th Anniversary about one man? twitterurl
Is the SG???s 50th Anniversary about one man? twitterurl
Wow. Fateh is a wise man now haha! twitterusername twitterusername
Nah man im cool.. Vaketine's day is for pussies.
Alltop RSS > Blond Boy Guy Handsome Hot Man twitterurl #photography
"twitterusername "twitterusername every fucking night twitterurl totally feel that man.
what the shit man. why must u freaking eavesdrop.
the popular girl the jock and slender man hahahah
Man rescued from 8th-storey ledge twitterurl #Singapore
What is going on with ComDA, man, srsly
Unless u are somebody i know if not GTFO man
Aww man so shag to go to school aft work!
Same??twitterusername I been smokin too much lately man???
Latest dinner ever today!! 10.30pm man break record!
Aiyo.. Awkward hand holding contact with Indian man on bus.
Alltop RSS > Amazing video of man with lions twitterurl #photography
sorry for being such a useless friend man
Man, 71, kills Florida moviegoer over smartphone use twitterurl
Rich Man Calls Rising Income Inequality 'Fantastic' twitterurl
So excited to see mata in red, man red hehehhe
I wanna sell my man utd windbreaker, anyone interested?
So fkn ecstatic that I finally got my wallet man!
Sinkies the modern day Sick Man of Asia twitterurl
"new richest man in asia is macau gambling tycoon."\
Twista MURDERED His Verse On That TY$ Record Man! #DCMG
Yknow what......... fuck being sad man I'm gonna live..............
Purton has potion to halt 'Magic Man' Moreira: \
This Dohee very extra in this week's Running Man sia.
Man United are back in winning ways. Yeah!!!
Omg it's 130 already what time will I reach man
First PSC band one man live in Singapore.. there's hope..
LOLOLOL the KFC delivery man did not just text me...
Second man jailed over involvement in Little India riot twitterurl
Making an iron man arc reactor. Well, thats a first.
today's assembly and B.A.P omg man omg, seriously *.*
Chic is so awesome man.. keeping the funk since 1970s
Barca 0-0 Man City PGp:Tidak Ada twitterusername twitterusername #QTSJerseyBarca
i'm already on my bed actually hahahaha fuck man
I should b sleeping but this clippers thunder game man!!!
I'm eating this snack while watching Running Man :> twitterurl
You can kill a man not his ideas
I'm not sharing anything anymore man. Fuck ya'll.
not going to bother or say anything. whatevs man
Can't wait to get da braces off man twitterurl
Getting comfortable with old man n I dk y
Man who killed girlfriend escapes death sentence  twitterurl twitterurl
Man charged with hacking AMK Town Council site twitterurl #Singapore
Man who killed girlfriend escapes death sentence twitterurl  twitterurl
the cartilage piercing can b a pain sometimes man.
I cannot sleep lol what man life what
fucking hell man DONT SEND ME MAGIKARP YOU DICK
someone watching kpop on their tab and its a man.
[ST] Man investigated for lodging false police report twitterurl
man i want to swim in those clear waters too
It was pretty good watching Insidious 2 man,phew. twitterusername
(asiaone) Man under investigation for making false police report twitterurl
every girls prefer a man. not a boy.
Fuk man this fucking thing is killing me fucking deeply
omg dying the wind is fucking strong. no.mercy man.
Wrong pair of shoes to wear today man...
Khodorkovsky starts life as a free man in Germany twitterurl
Can't wait for Amazing Spider-Man 2 to be released.
Need amazing spider man 2 NAO NAO NAO
A MAN is someone who PROVIDES for his FAMILY !!
I should take the bus. Hahahaha im worn out man.
UK's treatment of man seeking asylum is pure cruelty twitterurl
Man im crying right now can u feel the pain
Dickson must be kidding, I only reaching amk man....
Best man holiday got me feeling some type of way
Gotta start putting cash in my jar already man
Come one man utd its ur turn to score!!!
If they break up i'll just laugh away, man
The fan's face sums up man utd performance all season
"twitterusername man of the match suarez" sembarang je
29th man in online vice ring convicted twitterurl
[ST] 29th man in online vice ring convicted twitterurl
Wa what's up with the riot at little India man
howard is fucking insane man. ever since the united match.
I'm tired of hanging around with idiots like you man.
Sayang changed so much.. Changed to be a nicer man. :)
Be a better man lah if cannot be a soldier
Who wants to sneak into man overboard tomorrow????
First riots and now samurai wielding man . HAHAHA .
??You cannot raise a man up by calling him down.???\
Back hurts so bad someone help this old man
omg what is wrong with my converter man
Man shall not live by bread alone... twitterurl
Bullshit man. Fuck this,fuck that fucking bullshit
(today) 2nd man charged in Lim Chu Kang murder twitterurl
Wear to get jeans type of casings man ... hmmm
Work is so faking xiong today fak man
Man gets detention for filming policewoman in toilet twitterurl
you're fucking adults man cmon act like one
Alltop RSS > Gorilla walking like a man twitterurl #photography
Man U got so lucky during the 2nd half
??twitterusername I need u to win this man. #EMAzing EXO???
I'm too tired to protest man nothing goes anywhere
Omg cannot wait for exo's running man already!!!
Lmao what I do? What owl man gone do?
Was being scolded cause I was coughing. Wtf man
Man, Suarez knee is bleeding. Hope he's okay.
haha siala I miss the scouts training man twitterurl
#nw running man ep 169 - the key of freedom
charger you need to have swag too man...
Was so nervous and tensed man omg phew
Feelin' the blues man listening to Metric, idw
BAIK ah arsenal. fuck Liverpool upside down man
[CNA] Man jailed for pawning stolen jewellery twitterurl
so awkward man go hq and their big office.
Man jailed for housebreaking-related offences, stealing Viagra pills twitterurl
Wtf man my sis is taking too long to shower.
Download full running man episode or part by part?
#nl better man by twitterusername aiyoooooo melting amat!
The 'The End' engraved on the tombstone though. Man.
Man OG really trying and for that... We appreciate you.
Thanks for this tees man, see you around twitterusername
Man utd should stop replying goal, and should start leading
Walao. China man scolding police at mrt station. Public nuisance
Shut up tasha they are on running man ok
Go play Realistic/Simulator battles then man not fkin Arcade
For my last paper tmr then imma free man :')
LMFAOOO I hate when I click the wrong emoji man
I'm saying man ??twitterusername without weed ion know???
[CNA] Man arrested for causing hurt with dangerous weapon twitterurl
Lol Yong yong. ..really like star war man
"twitterusername twitterusername prove your innocents man" Yeah i'm proving bro
'Spider-Man' to turn off Marina Bay lights twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) 'Spider-Man' to turn off Marina Bay lights twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested in Hougang for suspected loanshark activities twitterurl
I don't need this. But hell, taking it in man.
Running man really invest a lot of money??
Man arrested for alleged housebreaking and theft in Balestier\
omg dude your hair's got to go man
A man that can't swim can't save the drowning victim.
Short getaway to Johor Bahru !!!!! What's future man ! ?????? twitterurl
Man jailed, caned for molesting 2 teenage boys twitterurl #Singapore
Most Interesting Macho Man In The World IS twitterurl
Peter schmeicel is drunk saying moyes is the right man
Man who hung up on Steve Jobs twice.\
I'm ready for it to get hot man !
Oh man so wanting to try skydiving O.O
im scared its a turn off man omfg
Sing dollars for india he'll be a rich man siaa !
Wait, before tht, let me watch Running Man first! Hehehe
*shake head* that mc man...his power scary
It's easy to break a pair of chopsticks (man + woman).\
#nowlistening When I Was Your Man - Bruno Mars .
Still got 45 minutes . Come on Man U!
man utd really cannot fucking pass the ball sia
Man investigated for making false report of armed robbery twitterurl
Idk man, but this song is really sad.
Peter is pang siol! ??? thats not a question man twitterurl
Monday dance training for YouthGIG concert. Aisehh man...
fuck off man wtf RT twitterusername what even twitterurl
Cb his ear piercing can fit 10dicks in man
Now my baby's kissing, kissing with another man.
Kembangan needs a new cafe man,getting boring here.
Thoughts of feeling left out kills me man.
Hating on another grown man nigga get ya bread up
"twitterusername Wow twitterurl Yeah this is soooo true,man
I can't wait to see The Best Man Holiday!
Wanna learn how to play one man hide and seek?
Are u good at blowjobs? ??? not a man's man twitterurl
Mr. Banana Man #flasher damionchee twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Running Man Fanmeet in M'sia on 7th Sep! twitterurl
Wrong turn 1-5 was nothing to me man !
should i watch one piece or running man hmm
??twitterusername twitterusername hey fuck you man??? OWHAWOAHWOAHEOWWOAH WOAH
[CNA] Man charged with using criminal force on teenager twitterurl
Watching : Journey of Man - a Genetic Odyssey. My favorite topic
[CNA] S'porean man remains detained in Malaysia twitterurl
My ears. Received too much kpkb ald. Going crazy man
Waiting for the man united match later. OMG. OMG.
Is Julian Cheung the perfect man? twitterurl via twitterusername
Wtf im watching running man becos my bf. lame. twitterurl
Man U v Chelsea is on Tuesday morning at 3am...
Ohmygosh tonight got man united and chelsea....why exam why?!
Bumped into twitterusername at work see you soon man
At least he's not a creepy old man
Have not even started on my revision man. Mati.
Gonna watch running man latest ep later on
remember we watched step up 4 together... ? (': ??? Yeah man ! twitterurl
Thiago Alcantara signed 5 year contract with Man United. Woohoo!!!
Fifth man charged over Cathay Cineleisur???e slashing twitterurl twitterurl
I can spend the whole day watching running man
Man injured after hacking attack in Ang Mo Kio twitterurl
What makes you special? ??? I got man boobs twitterurl
Attention I pay , there's always a man lurking !
OMG. This totally man. "What not to wear ever." twitterurl
NY man arrested 29 times for nabbing trains, buses twitterurl
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to vandalising war monument twitterurl
Back to work now then running man marathon!
Australian man lodges fork in penis for sexual pleasure twitterurl
I'm a free man now... End of work. FREEDOM!!!!
Why wont my freaking twitcon change man. Goddamit.
Karl and his family chasing an innocent white man : twitterurl
#nowwatching chelsea vs man city come on boys! twitterusername
Confident Man U will win tonight's game.......... InshaaAllah ??
Up plotting .... Man my vision is bigger then life
My man bag has Canon EOS written on it
Happygirl94 now! Homecooked fish curry amd running man marathon!
"Iron Man 3" blasts off US blockbuster season twitterurl
Finished watching Iron Man 3 with twitterusername and twitterusername :))
Big man with a coward within. That's me. >.<
"Loving a man shouldnt have to be this rough."
Man kills #Milan passerby with pickaxe, 5 wounded twitterurl
Man of the match : azwan roya - JDT vs PKNS !
Why are you doing this to yourself man. ??
Man misses free throws are really haunting us right now
Man repeatedly slashed on head and body in Geylang twitterurl
Watching this classic match between man city and Chelsea now
Weird ppl living in the block man weird ppl sigh
Reading my tweets from 2010. Man I was so immature.
Fuck you man city , wigan scored ! Well done !!!
ok back to running man dess pls control
ain't giving a shit to these kind of peeps man
Ah fuck stop it man ugh sexness twitterurl
Anybody needs replacement? I am a free man now
Just finished watching she's the man! super good *.*
Yeah man. Own personality much better than copy paste.
Heading back to sleep again. Hahaha. Awsome or what man ;)
Never fails to maugh to myself when watching running man.
Song Ji Hyo treated like a princess on 'Running Man\
Watching Running Man as soon i got home.!
???Magic Man??? Moreira makes it a three-card trick: \
S Korea kills man swimming to North twitterurl via twitterusername
YAY! RT twitterusername Yay, Running man subbed is out!!
I think im way too addicted to running man haha
With twitterusername  at woodlands kopitiam watching man u vs wba
I'm going to kill Lyd man she like abandoned me?!?
Yes. "twitterusername Channing Tatum in She's The Man"
Slender Man: Epic Best Friends Reaction: twitterurl via twitterusername
Man jailed two months for slashing wife's lover twitterurl
Man jailed for attacking wife's lover with choppers twitterurl twitterurl
my man! rt twitterusername Good job Barca defence. twitterurl
Bayern look to be too strong for man city
Man caught trying to break into Rihanna's home\
Every country for dating too easy man too easy
"twitterusername Lol niggas swear I need a man. Bye ?? twitterurl
Man charged with robbing woman - using a toy gun  twitterurl
??twitterusername You aint real, man you aint bout that action .???
#nw Running Man ep 129 - olympic special on one (encore)
Man Dies After Secret 4-Year Battle With Gorilla twitterurl
First time join man vs food dan haziq menang brooo
Stop smiling at me, you fine, fine man.
I should be sleeping two hours ago but Running Man :(
My baby smells like a man car #nogood
WEIRD: New York man hit by exploding toilet  twitterurl
xl stop favouriting the tweets man smelly ass
why didn't bora attend running man episode 162?):
I mean even guys can sing wtf my life man
why are you guys avoiding me doing something happy man
free ice cream from seducing the man @ Baskin Robbins twitterurl
I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man.
Mann sitting here thinking bout our situation.. it's crazy man.
5-6 hours of sleep everyday is not enough man
[TNP] Man survives months being lost in Andes twitterurl
ps im not a man city fan ok
??twitterusername Man city leading by 1-0??? I like sia.
To those man u fans just switch off your tv.
Man U fans all over the world are crying now
[ST] Wrong assumption led to slashing of innocent man twitterurl
All these wa made my batt drop extremely fast man
Running Man to visit Singapore for the first time\
I hate being the middle man whenever there's a problem.
Macaw 'birdnapped' and shackled by man driving Merc twitterurl twitterurl
Half an hour hurry the fuck up man
wah there are updates for like every app man
Fucking packed but still a fucking great night man
Gonna watch Running Man when I reach home later
"But I'm not the man your heart is missing." #MLTR
#nw running man ep163 (stealing princess jihyo's heart)
Fml the delivery man came while I was sleeping zzzzz
Photo: Man, that would make anyone nuts. twitterurl
Tonight the music old school Singapore music man.
inspiring :') - Iron Man Helps The Homeless Smile twitterurl
#np I Coming To See You - Queen InHyun's Man ???
Thanks for the ride man see you later twitterusername
yeah man ! i get online on mac bro!!!
Did Linda Chung dump BF for another man? twitterurl twitterurl
All busy eh business man and woman and daughter :') twitterurl
Applying asam on my cheek. Man.. that's disgusting.
Applying asam on my left cheek. Man.. that's disgusting.
cant deny he's the most annoying man in the universe
Football: Barcelona edge past 10-man Celtic twitterurl
Florida Man Killed By Flesh-Eating Bacteria twitterurl via twitterusername
A man was almost flying in da bus ..
Off to jp. Sacrificing my sleep for running man.
Jurong point confirm full of running man fans
I wanna meet Running Man so badly...... Gary oppa ahhhhhh~
Man, where the fleas come from? Like kena mosquito bite.
Man scrambles to retrieve belongings from burning car twitterurl twitterurl
I need a jog buddy. One that pushes me man.
I should RLLY start appreciating my holidays man
man she looks like she has algae growing on her
[TNP] Ray Houghton: Moyes, stop messing with Man U twitterurl
Hahahaha ppl indirecting each other on twitter. Cool man!
Fame is the worst drug known to man ...
Lord knows I don't wanna disrespect that man..
Can die man play winger, run up down up down
Man Utd had a lot of chances against Real Socieded.
Police investigating death of man at Strathmore Avenue twitterurl
[ST] Police investigating death of man at Strathmore Avenue twitterurl
Gonna fall asleep while standing in the train, man. ><
Always good to see you my man! twitterusername
Ouh man I'm getting high hahah typing shits
cameo bentar "exoluzi: Chanyeol on Running Man aha twitterurl
.twitterusername that was the greatest Man U team. Ever!
[CNA] Man charged with stabbing girlfriend with scissors twitterurl
Man vs food! Gila babs instant food mat salleh ni.
Piya man of the match. Congrats Kelantan. #Pahang
Prepare to come back for year 4 man,
[ST] Man jailed for threatening and hurting wife twitterurl
"twitterusername Omg sorry twitterusername I was late ><" no worries man
sooo fucking funny man.... hahaha that guy is dope!
Photo: YXYX_B.A.P | Do not edit. Imma bad man~~ twitterurl
Man found dead outside Swissotel The Stamford hotel twitterurl #Singapore
Man found dead outside Swissotel The Stamford twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername hahaha yeah man and your slippers.??? secret!!!!!!
It has been a long time running man
If I See Her Man.. Smh It's A Wrap.
Congratulation for Man City for a big winning yesterday!
Big game coming next match against Man City this wednesday
Man in alleged spitting incident takes stand twitterurl
Running Man ended. #nowwatching Barbie in The Pink Shoes
I swear to you man periods are real!
Sacrificing the sleep and hope Man U won't disappoint us
The Australia episodes of running man fucking fun sia
Why is the man utd fan not in the office?
Congratulations twitterusername on your outstanding results for man!
It's been months since I last watch rubbing man
u love running man ??? Not really lah twitterurl
I don't be getting people calls man smh
Mini set of basic cuppies 4 the bday man. twitterurl
Man jailed 8 weeks for 'wrong turn' twitterurl #Singapore
rlly hate school ttc. no one understands man.
Football: Man Utd sack Moyes, Giggs appointed interim manager twitterurl
Kung sino man writers nitong The Legal Wife... NAPAKAHUSAY! #TLWTheFaceOff
[Y!] Singapore court fines man for mistreating dog twitterurl
(yahoo) Singapore court fines man for mistreating dog twitterurl
Football: Man Utd sack manager David Moyes twitterurl
[ST] Man gets five years' corrective training for housebreaking twitterurl
Kibum's rapping tone in orgel is an art man. Lol
Earliest to reach home during d past few days man!
Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial twitterurl
Whoa really not in the game tonight man
determined to find my man 6 foot 3 on twitter
Man gets 16 years for putting infant in freezer twitterurl
Hungry n broke man dat shit aint gone ride
Haters be like ; ofc lah Man U win , Olympiakos only! \
Last fucking day of work. Free man once again.
HAHAHA one letter makes a lot of difference man  twitterurl
Wah shit man. Really throw my teacher's face. Sial
[CNA] Man arrested for obscene act on public bus twitterurl
Man who performed lewd acts in public bus arrested twitterurl
"twitterusername Is Arnold Schwarzenegger Still A Credible Leading Man? twitterurl
This running man bagos eh can do anything
Why didn't I find this drama sooner man X-X
Shall continue to watch my running man tmr.
Siapa ada link live streaming Man U vs Bayern?
Man united fans having heart attack now. Haha
fak hahhha ??twitterusername Man United 1-0 Bayern Munich.\
(yahoo) Man arrested for kicking, punching SBS bus twitterurl
[TNP] Video of man smashing shop door posted online twitterurl
Black Scale clothing is like the best man.
Pls el stop eating.......fuck binging food man.
"twitterusername Man can alter his life by altering his thinking."
Cheh Zhaf Sakinah Frost seh. Frosty the now man eh?
[CNA] Man arrested for attacking 3 people twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested over three 'random' stabbing attacks twitterurl
[TODAY] Man jailed, fined for obscene act in public twitterurl
I need that outerwear in two colours man!!!
Dafug man hahhaa.long time no write my hand zhun
leaving me cleaning up your assy shits... #givemeabreak man~
China man,you are blocking me perf view :c
Faq man what was the dream trying to tell me
Poor man marking from lionsxii!!! Goal for pahang :((
Man fined S$1.95m for importing duty-unpaid liquor twitterurl
Oh man.. I'm year 2 from Tmr onwards!!!
Gonna Dapao snacks for you everyday lah relax man
Family Dog Helps Man With Alzheimer's Regain Speech [VIDEO] twitterurl
Indonesia releases man accused of hijack scare twitterurl twitterurl
Goodmorning. Date w my mama and my man later. Hhehhe
[ST] Death of man stung by bees ruled accidental twitterurl
My bitch finna be here man I'm so fuckin happy
The man guarding the right speaker. @ Shanghai ???????? twitterurl
My nanny bought fr my bruh Man utd jersey since his a man utd fans & my dad was like "eh apa ni jersey? No man utd in my house ah" ??????
Love is love, whether it is between a man and a woman, a man and a man, or a woman and a woman. There's nothing "weird" about being gay.
"A man has two options in a relationship, either STAND UP and be the man she needs or SIT DOWN so she can see the better man behind you."
[YH!SG-FB] Man United hold Real Madrid to a 1-1 draw in a gritty display in the away leg at...: Man U... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man charged with molesting teen male on bus: SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old man has been charged with molesti... twitterurl
Man gets 14 months' jail, driving ban for stealing SUV: SINGAPORE: A Malaysian man has been sentenced to 14 mo... twitterurl
Man jailed 14 months after driving stolen Volvo to Ipoh: A Malaysian man who stole a car from a condominium ca... twitterurl
...aching to see a man a million milea away when another man who cares for me so near ....i guess we want what we can never have...siggghhh
"twitterusername Chelsea, Man City, Man Utd GO OUT: People make fun and laugh; Arsenal GO OUT: People appreciate and give MASSIVE RESPECT!!"
Seriously LIverpool FC. Man for man you can own Southampton, yet u can lose 3 goals to 1. Fucking disgraceful... #ranoutofexcusesforthislot
Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece on three occasions: March 20, 2013 2:21 PMA 57-year-old man, who first ... twitterurl
13 January, Kenangan Cinta dan Big Match liga inggris \\(^o^)/ Man United Vs Liverpool & Arsenal Vs Man City go go go The Gooners
Eh. Man u win leh. Tmr off la. No need go schl. In commemoration of man u's win in a match. Hahahaaha.
Man 'responsible' for April death: The man accused of the murder of missing five-year-old April Jones is expecte... twitterurl
Dad said "on Monday we'll have a talk about your trip. But man to man, don't get overly emotional" uh oh. twitterusername twitterusername
"We need dedicated man and women, dedicated man to step up and take responsibility and take on the challenge of... twitterurl
Man aims gun at Bulgarian politician: A man put a gun to the head of the leader of Bulgaria's ethnic Turkish par... twitterurl
Man opens fire in Philippine court building, killing 2: A man believed to be a Canadian citizen opened fire in a... twitterurl
Look what this man found inside an egg: HLN's Isha Sesay shows us what one man found inside a large chicken egg.\
The strong man is not the good wrestler.The strong man is only the one who controls himself when he is angry. -Prophet Muhammad
Police arrest man for committing obscene acts in public: A 29-year old man believed to have performed a series o... twitterurl
Police arrest man for committing obscene acts in public: January 29, 2013 6:01 PMA 29-year old man believed to h... twitterurl
Man utd and man city points are now far from the rest of the clubs....!! Only them can chase to get the title....!!^^
[News] Man charged with stealing baby milk powder: SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old man has been charged with stealing b... twitterurl
Man dies in music venue accident: A man dies and another is seriously injured after a large metal door fell on t... twitterurl
Its been awhile since I've seen my old man in action behind the steering wheel.. 140 on the KJE? Not bad old man. #guru
Man guilty of raping and trying to murder neighbours maid: A 45-year-old jobless man was on Wednesday convicted ... twitterurl
Man in court over US death threats: A British man appears in court charged with posting an online threat to kill... twitterurl
There's a Turkish saying that every man is born a soldier; and in Turkey every man is conscripted for military... twitterurl
Thai man jailed for selling royal documentary: BANGKOK: A Thai man was sentenced to more than three years in p... twitterurl
So this random asian man comes up to me while I'm getting a oil change and starts talking to me about my car....wtf man
Police arrest man with airgun at India central bank: A man carrying an airgun tried to forcibly enter the cent... twitterurl
My god thats freaking weirdo, played the Fifa Interactive World Cup, i choose Man United & my opponent is Man United also. Weird.
Good Job Man U! Not your season! Let's just concentrate on the epl. 2/3 cups gone. And congrats chelsea. Goodluck fighting man city. :-)
Leaving for Bali?Dammit.Not gonna watch Liverfools lose tmrw and Man Utd march closer to... ??? K SHUT UP MAN UTD FAN twitterurl
Man sought by police in case of insulting the modesty of a woman: Police are looking for the man shown in the ... twitterurl
So my dad is singing i was your man by bruno mars.Cause he remember all the lyrics while i just only sing "Wheennnn i was your man~~" part.
Happy birthday to the luckiest man who captured C.Sumi's heart ?? RT twitterusername Happy birthday to the greatest man on earth. I lub chu
Man dies of dengue: A young man has become the first person to die of dengue in the current epidemic in Singapore. twitterurl
Man United and Man City are also competing to bring former  Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas, 26, back to the Premier League next  season
Man fined for stealing two $1K casino chips: May 23, 2013 12:26 PMA Malaysian man was fined $3,000 on Thursday... twitterurl
Mama D need to find her own man and get some dick in her life. Acting like Scrappy her man. INCEST!
Eh u take care of yourself man I want to see you back on court okay. Be strong... ??? Thanks man! twitterurl
Throw a hundred dollar bill on the floor and a man knocking off would pick it up and feel fortunate.But an omnish man would think its trash
of man arrested in connection with acid incident on mrt train: A 52-year old man has been arrested for his all... twitterurl
Man with measles dies amid South Wales epidemic and experts warn 'expect more': A 25-year-old man found dead i... twitterurl
Man 77 charged with Gangsa Road snatch theft: An elderly man was charged on Tuesday with snatching a woman&#03... twitterurl
Man United host Aston Villa tonight at Old Trafford knowing a win will seal their 20th league title after Man City's lost.
Iron Man 2 right now, watching it alone and i have 2 hours and 30 minutes to meet my friends lol for Iron Man 3 later
Lying down with the lights off . Tweeting while the rest are watching iron man . Thinking about to early i have to wake up , sucks man .
Man in India arrested for raping 5-year-old girl: Police in India have arrested a man who they say abducted a ... twitterurl
Man stabbed to death near school: A 75-year-old man is stabbed to death near a primary school in Birmingham. twitterurl
Tai man, we should be there too RT twitterusername Cant open IG man everyone posting #chanelcruise at #loewencluster dempsey hill, Singapore
[CNA] Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting nine-year-old boy: A man has been sentenced to a... twitterurl #singapore
:)) ??? twitterusername The man who doesn't read, has no advantage over the man who can not ??? twitterusername kbnyakan pk bhsa inggris jd males baca
Swansea death man, 25, had measles: A man who died in Swansea had been suffering from measles at the time, say... twitterurl
Get married to a younger man ( if You're lady) ; or get married to an older lady (if You're man) .. its a trend?!...
the iron man 3 promo with augmented reality that turns you into an iron man at bugis is so cool!!! i was alone and too shy to try.
Cried watching Iron Man again. The bummer part was there was this man seated beside me and he smell exactly like Pogi, kanasai
Is Iron Man the new trend or something? I saw a lot of people wearing Iron Man-related merch. I not cool enuff :(
Theres man utd vs arsenal match later at 12.10am. And guess what, theres last olevel paper tmr. Screww man. Gonna get <6 hours sleep ltr :/
[News] Man charged with hacking Ang Mo Kio Town Council website: A 35-year-old man has been charged with hacki... twitterurl
then nak bising buat apa? if your past u give to another man, and then youre future man not accept you? mehh nahh , tak fikir pon tuh semua.
do all the things you should have done.. when you were my man ... now baby im dancing , yeah im dancing with another man
EXO RUNNING MAN JEBAL FEELSSSS MG "allkpop: EXO and Ryu Hyun Jin reported to be the next guests on 'Running Man' twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 3 months for fighting in public: A man has been jailed three months for fighting i... twitterurl #singapore
lucky is the man who is the first love of a woman,, but luckier is the woman who is the last love of a man,, morning tweeps :*
typical man will try so hard to prove he's a man. just show your dick please instead of taking other people down. That'd be better.
[News] Man jailed for pawning stolen jewellery: A 28-year-old man who instigated his 14-year-old girlfriend to... twitterurl
[Y!FB] A man in his 60s was found dead at a flat along Marine Crescent where a fire bro...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee: A man in Taiwan has been accused of attempting to send... twitterurl
[CNA] Man involved in rental scam jailed 21 months: A man who was part of a rental scam amounting t... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Three years' jail for man who forged dollar notes: An unemployed man who used a scanner-cum-printer to ... twitterurl
Three years' jail for man who forged dollar notes: An unemployed man who used a scanner-cum-printer to forge d... twitterurl
What should a real man be able to do? ??? a man needs to know how to take care of himself first before taking care... twitterurl
Fifth man jailed in second online vice ring case: September 30, 2013 11:44 AMA driver became the fifth man on ... twitterurl
Which team has the best fans? Why? ??? Man Utd cos #GGMU man utd is always chaotic during or after matches twitterurl
TROLLING"twitterusername You're not cute and if my man texts you or even had your number he is your man downgrading and shit twitterusername
there's a difference between a man who finds great knowledge and shares it with everyone as it's beneficial and a man who
Dad was so pissed while we were talking on how bad man u was playing, man city scored their 3rd goal ahaha what
I know I've been quoting a lot of Man Man stuff recently, but you've no idea how much I love this band right now.
STUPID STUPID MAN!! How can you not see that all I have for that man is a close friendship!! How can you not (cont) twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with 260 counts of taking upskirt videos: A 36-year-old man has been charged with... twitterurl #singapore
I dont think Man United is playing very badly today. I think its West Brom that is playing super well man idk why
.twitterusername no way man. You???re entitled to your own liking. Man, i love electronic & metal music. Nothing wrong with loving a genre. :)
I salute you man. RT twitterusername After being dumped by his gf, a man sold the engagement ring & bought himself a full suit of Halo Armor.
Chill man, the tide is not the same all the time. Go do some push ups beside this coconut tree man.
Should we lament the death of one man or the impending death of a nation (dodgy shirt makers will lament the man)
Unemployed man jailed 17 months for molesting 16-year-old teen: December 13, 2013 12:47 PMAn unemployed man wa... twitterurl
Man under probation for nude photo threat: A man who snapped a photo of his naked ex-girlfriend and threatened... twitterurl
No one knows what its like To be the bad man, to be the sad man... Behind?? ?? Behind Blue Eyes by Limp Bizkit ??? twitterurl
Man utd kalah, fuck moyes lah, his not good enough lah & all those shits. Man utd Menang #InMoyesWeTrust lah they say. Hahaha
Ladies, don't look for a man to solve your problems, just find a man that doesn't let you face them alone.
What do you look for in a man? ??? In a man eh..? Hmm.. Someone who's qualities are similar to my dad's. But above... twitterurl
[News] Man fined record amount for illegal wildlife possession: A man was fined S$41,000 on Thursday for the p... twitterurl
Mum made a bet with me for tonight's match. Giving me $300 if Man U win. And I shall only give her $100 if Man U lose HAHAHAH
Man Finds Out By Mistake That His Positive Pregnancy Test Is An Indicator of Testicular Cancer: A man was shoc... twitterurl
The Chaser from Infinite still the best ....only if I had such a man and not be the woman chasing the man in the shadows
But really tonight is so windy. Besok kerja pagi, I am gg to have a hard time waking up. Man man
[Y!FB] A man has been fined by the AVA, for illegally keeping 32 endangered animals in...: A man ha... twitterurl #singapore
But a man who keeps his composure and remembers to respect you. .  Even at the peak of anger. .. that's a real man.
??twitterusername The man himself teared up while he sang when i was your man. Guess i was'nt the only one twitterurl
Nepalese man jailed for cheating in casinos by marking cards: April 01, 2014 8:31 AMA Nepalese man who visited... twitterurl
Panda News: Green Man Festival adds The War on Drugs, Neko Case, Panda Bear, and more ... - The 405: Green Man... twitterurl
A 43-year-old man is the first in an online vice ring case to claim trial and walk away a free man twitterurl
??Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.???
??twitterusername Smelly Marvel nerds telling me narrow minded opinions about DC is a no go. Suck an iron man disney dick??? fuck iron man
Man arrested for attacking 3 people: Police have arrested a 44-year-old man, who is believed to be responsible... twitterurl
Hey man! Look at me rocking out. I'm on the radio! Hey man! Look at me rocking out. I'm on the video!
[Y!FB] A man in the US has built up a multimillion-dollar "toy store" through LEGO piec...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] A man in #China , who was upset by marital problems, ploughed his car through cr...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] A man in the US captured this raw, dramatic footage of the torndao that ripped t...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
One day man, one fucking day i will meet Dimps and let him know how much i love & care for his yellow ass man.
One ang moh leave Malay wife = entire ang moh population are bad. One Malay man beat wife = with prayers one day this man will change. _|_
Incredible that the man sitting before me sobbing in the dock is the same man who wowed the world at the Olympics! #OscarPistorius
[News] Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV: SINGAPORE: A man who stole a luxury sport utility ve... twitterurl
amazing how once Hollywood casts you as Iron Man, immediately when someone thinks of Iron Man, they think of your face.
wts the winner of chelsea vs man united will go on to face man city? LOL and it's not even the final
Do you like running man? Who is your favourite person... ??? I love Running Man. Uhmmm. 1. Gary 2. Kwangsoo 3. Jon... twitterurl
Man charged over girl's bus murder: A man is charged with murdering a 16-year-old girl who was stabbed on a bu... twitterurl
Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong: SINGAPORE: A man was injured in a shipyard blaze at Jalan Samulun in J... twitterurl
[News] Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong: SINGAPORE: A man was injured in a shipyard blaze at Jalan Samul... twitterurl
RT twitterusername A man walks into a bar and orders 6 shots. The bartender says "Rough day? The man says "Yes, very rough" He then goes ...
Jst nw i saw an old indian man giving up his seat to anthr old chinese man.. I'm touched bt shldn't smeone younger b gving the seat instead?
I respect the man who overcomes his desires more than the man who conquers his enemies, for the hardest victory is over self, not others.
Ladies: until a man has actually did something to make you dislike or not trust him, don't make him pay for the troubles another man caused
Lol hz not my man, but that what happens here ??twitterusername twitterusername Y did dat guy sphelele engena into our conversation is dat ur man????
Sometimes, We need a man to guide us, to help us in making wise decision & to help us settle things that only man knows best.
[News] Man who helps run brothel jailed: SINGAPORE: A 30-year-old man who helped to run a brothel and collected ... twitterurl
Exception for taylor lautner. RT "twitterusername A well dressed man is more attractive to me than a shirtless man with six pack. -tumblr"
Can i feel the love of a man just like my brother and baba? Been thinking~ Will tht man can endure my irrinoying behaviour like they do?
i hope when shinee comes back, they'll be on running man. then i hope onew would ttakbam jongkook hais please please please SOO MAN PLEASE
The other man, kept crying and crying, because he was going to jail. And everyone helped that man get up. Not the one who was going insane.
[News] Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road: SINGAPORE: A man was injured after a fi... twitterurl
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. ... by: Lana Turner
For sure if chelsea win tonight the man u fans will said 'Eleh Man U selalu menang.Saje today nak bagi chelsea menang' Lol
Man dies of H7N9 bird flu in China: state media: A man in the Chinese province of Zhejiang has died of the H7N... twitterurl
Man Afraid Of Frogs Awarded $1.6 Million Verdict: A man in upstate New York with a very particular phobia was ... twitterurl
Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation: A 38-year-old man is helping the police with investigations i... twitterurl
theres this really slaggy carrot in my school and she called perrie a 'man ed' WHO EVEN SAYS MAN ED U R A SLAG
Man jailed for slashing two women: A man who slashed two women with a knife in random and "disturbing" attacks... twitterurl
Baby P man sent back to prison: A man jailed over the death of Baby P is returned to prison after breaching hi... twitterurl
??twitterusername A man has two options in a relationship. Stand the fuck up and be the man she needs or sit down so she can see behind you.???
Damn. Too bad I'm not a girl man. But maybe next year, when you enter a newer ... ??? Yeah haha maybe man. Hopefully. twitterurl
Oh you nasty man, taking your love on the easy plan. Here and there and where you can, oh, you nasty man.
South Korea kills man swimming to North: The South Korean military on Monday shot and killed a man who was try... twitterurl
WGT TIME F1. Today is Derby day for football fans. Man United vs Man City, Psg vs AS Monaco, Roma vs Lazio, Napoli vs AC Milan
Man jailed for damaging windscreen of car in a road rage incident: June 07, 2013 1:57 PMA man who damaged the ... twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for damaging windscreen of car in a road rage incident: June 07, 2013 1:57 PMA man ... twitterurl #singapore
of man wakes from surgery to find doctor removed his nose: A man woke up after getting a nose job to find that... twitterurl
You're not a bad bitch if you can only attract a man with your appearance If you can't get a man based on your personality, you ain't shit.
If real man lets go of the their love to let them move on, then I'm not a man. I'm just some fighter fighting for my love
My old man came into my room and lie down with me. Awww so sweet old man. Thanks pal! #igsg #instasg?? twitterurl
Every man is raised by a woman at most point in his life. As the saying goes: Behind every strong man?? twitterurl
Man City are closing in on Sevilla striker Alvaro Negredo, 27, and Fiorentina front man Stevan Jovetic in deals totalling more than ??40m
Man denies setting ex-lover alight: A Cape Town man has denied that he doused his ex-girlfriend and two others... twitterurl
[News] Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio: A man in his 20s was injured after he was involved in a... twitterurl
Man I gotta realize ima man now , & I gotta focus on doing what I gotta do for me & my girl & let the bullshit go
[CNA] Man jailed 9 weeks for plan to steal cough syrup: A man was on Monday jailed nine weeks by a ... twitterurl #singapore
Man i miss those days when Brandon Roy's knees were fine and he was in his prime. Such a talented young man yet he was injury prone.
Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting nine-year-old boy: A man has been sentenced to a total of 10 year... twitterurl
Man gets jail, cane for sexually assaulting 9-year-old boy: May 10, 2013 7:08 AMA MAN who sexually assaulted a... twitterurl
[News] Man gets 20 months' jail, six strokes of cane for molesting daughter: A man was today sentenced to 20 m... twitterurl
Am I the only one who will watch iron man for the first time !? Cause everyone is like I'll watch iron man again...AM I THE ONLY ONE !?
Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West: The National Parks Board says a man was killed aft... twitterurl
If there was no Man U.. There wont be those epic matches that Liverpool has.. Now its gonna feel weird against man u without ferguson
The Secret Iron Man 3 Closing Titles You Didn't See in Theaters: As fun as Iron Man 3 was, when the screen goe... twitterurl
Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino: A 44-year-old man, who works as a croupier at the Marina... twitterurl
i'm confuse.. today it's abit too many right.. i'm only one person man.. who do i choose man.... seriously -.- in the end sigh...
Body of man in his 60s found in Kallang River: June 03, 2013 8:24 AMTHE body of a man in his 60s was found in ... twitterurl
[ST] Body of man in his 60s found in Kallang River: June 03, 2013 8:24 AMTHE body of a man in his 6... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged with spraying graffiti at skating bowl: June 10, 2013 1:28 PMA man was charged in court on Monday ... twitterurl
[News] Man jailed, banned from driving after accident that killed jogger: A 23-year-old man was on Monday sent... twitterurl
"twitterusername Fucking hates it when you're already attached with a man but you call another lady's man to talk about your fucked up r/s." !!
Fuck man! This twitterusername gotta stahp postin videos man. Super hilarious bitch. Better follow him on instagram for those who havent done so
??twitterusername twitterusername aight man. How is Bowie doing this year???? Good man, just 1 L but we doing good .. What bout y'all?
I'm sorry but once I've lost my respect/trust, you'll have a hard time dealing with yours truly. That's life, man. Man up.
Man arrested in connection with acid incident on MRT train: May 06, 2013 7:12 PMA 52-year old man has been arr... twitterurl
I am really liking twitterusername lovability love maltzrov again be my girl eps beginning part and...MAN WHAT THAT SONG??...OH YEAH MAN 2MAN
[YH!SG] Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral: A clip of a man hitting an office worker ... twitterurl #singapore
No drama on final day for the fight for 4th place like how man city and man utd did last season
Man arrested for throwing down flower pots from flat: May 27, 2013 11:48 PMA MAN was arrested on Sunday for th... twitterurl
[ST] Man fined for stealing two $1K casino chips: May 23, 2013 12:26 PMA Malaysian man was fined $3... twitterurl #singapore
Motorist charged with causing bikers death and injuring pillion: File photo of a man in handcuffs. A man was c... twitterurl
The Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man... twitterurl
shit this Iron Man 3 game is so addictive. combination of Temple Run & Fruit Ninja. only is Iron Man flying & shooting robots...
First, an indian man married a female dog and now a female dog being raped by a man. WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON?!
[Y!FB] A man in Sydney has complained about being turned away from a #SingaporeDay even...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] This man looked like he was doing the Gangnam Style dance while cooking a heavy...: This man... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Being with all the girls in the world doesn't make you a man. A real man makes one girl feel like she's the world. #truth"
[Y!FB] A man in Thailand has died while talking on his charging iPhone, the police susp...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man charged with theft of gold bars from pawnshop: A man has been charged with the theft of three gold ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee: A man in Taiwan has been accused of a... twitterurl #singapore
[TheVerge] Spider-Man battles Electro in the first trailer for 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2': Peter Parker is returning to the big scree...
twitterurl this is why twitterusername is one of my biases ... twitterusername MAN twitterusername im nearly in tears man that was the best
Arsenal against liverpool, fans steady no fight. Who menang be proud siapa kalah accept like a man. Arsenal against Man U? Let's see. Hah
damn i'm gonna nap after i'm done with the report. presentation at 11am. chibee. i'm really vulgar now. sleepy man is an angry man
[CNA] Man jailed for pawning stolen jewellery: A 28-year-old man who instigated his 14-year-old gir... twitterurl #singapore
It'a 2014 and you still can't recognize when another man is handsome without the fear of seeming gay? But you're a real man.. right.
[CNA] Man, 63, charged with slashing another: A 63-year-old man has been charged with slashing a yo... twitterurl #singapore
SNSD in those man outfits are so stunning hot , sexy bad girl elements on them but what if Amber wear them hahah youre like the real man duh
[News] Man who took upskirt videos of over 260 women jailed 9 months: A 36-year-old man who tucked his iPhone ... twitterurl
I had ambition not only to go farther than any man had ever been before, but as far as it was possible for a man to go.\
[News] 2nd man charged in Lim Chu Kang murder: A second man was on Friday charged with the murder of productio... twitterurl
Man apparently run over by horses at Turf Club race: A video of a man being run over by horses during a race a... twitterurl
Man gets seven years and nine strokes for raping 8-year-old cousin: January 29, 2014 11:18 AMA 31-year-old man... twitterurl
This Amazing Spider-Man 2 Trailer Is Incredible: Wow. If you weren???t pumped for the??Amazing Spider-Man 2 already, which is scheduled ...
[CNA] Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station not hit by train: SMRT: A 70-year-old man was f... twitterurl #singapore
Who should man utd buy in January? ??? me haha jk.i think man utd should buy sergi roberto or someone like Marco R... twitterurl
??twitterusername SUB Man Utd bring on Tom Cleverley to replace Patrice Evra. Man Utd 2-0 Swansea (79 mins) #MUNSWA??? buttner lah biol
Check Out the Final Trailer for The Amazing Spider-Man 2:     The Latest Amazing Spider-Man 2 Trailer Shows the Rise of Electro     S...
[News] Man in alleged spitting incident takes stand: The man at the centre of a viral video that apparently sh... twitterurl
Man in alleged spitting incident takes stand: The man at the centre of a viral video that apparently showed a ... twitterurl
[Y!FB] A man was arrested after going on a kicking, punching rampage against an SBS bus...: A man w... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Singaporean man sets himself on fire in JB: April 13, 2014 9:09 AMA Singaporean man was being ... twitterurl #singapore
Man arrested for attacking 3 people: SINGAPORE - Police have arrested a 44-year-old man, who is believed to be... twitterurl
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank, give a man a bank and he can rob everyone.
[News] Man gets one day???s jail for obscene act in public: A 27-year-old man has been jailed for a day and fine... twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets one day???s jail for obscene act in public: A 27-year-old man has been jailed for a da... twitterurl #singapore
Yes it is romantic when a man carries his woman's handbag. But I find it weird. A man really looks weird with a handbag.
The Man Behind Google+, Vic Gundotra, Leaves Google:   Vic Gundotra, Google???s senior vice president of social and the man behind the ...
Moyes sacked by Man United, it will be a saddest day for Liverpool's, Chelsea's, Man City's & Everton's fans. Arsenal? Not a title contender
Had some Krispy Kreme here in SG and man oh man were they SUGARY! I swear those in Korea are less sweet
Man who helps run brothel jailed: SINGAPORE: A 30-year-old man who helped to run a brothel and collected commiss... twitterurl
Man pleads guilty to maid abuse: SINGAPORE: A 41-year-old man has pleaded guilty to punching and slapping his ma... twitterurl
[YH!SG] Car falls into man-made sinkhole: A car fell into a man-made 'sinkhole' at the junction of Ke... twitterurl #singapore
wonder if arsenal fans will pick up Homer's song for their chants for Nacho Monreal "Nacho Nacho man, I wanna be a Nacho man" twitterusername
Man jailed 28 months for fraud and CBT: February 01, 2013 12:50 PMA man who stole money from his girlfriend and ... twitterurl
Man guilty in Duggan gun trial: A man is found guilty of supplying Mark Duggan with a gun before he was shot dea... twitterurl
"twitterusername PAS twitterusername thought PSY is a women. Can someone also pls tell him Bieber is a man! #pasFail" Bieber is a man???
0-2 another clumsy defending. Pity twitterusername Should tell the coach, zonal or man-to-man marking? Nah. Ball watching okay? Haha. Correct that.
[News] Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food: SINGAPORE: A man who used anoth... twitterurl
A wise man told me, Dress for the job u WANT, not for the job u HAVE. Man, its gonna be weird wearing the batman outfit to twitterusername
If ever a woman steals my man,there is no better revenge than letting her keep him.Because no good man can ever be stolen,unless he wants to
No train service from City Hall to Pasir Ris.. Paging for VR Man, paging for VR Man... #SMRT needs u! twitterusername
Man charged with molesting teen male on bus: SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old man has been charged with molesting a 19... twitterurl
A man can be saved, if only he insisted of being so. Likewise, a man cannot be saved if he'd already given himself into temptation, give up.
YESSSS OMG KIM JONG KOOK #KJKinSG RT twitterusername Jong Kook promises to tell the running man PD about filming running man in Singapore!
Man jailed 14 months after driving stolen Volvo to Ipoh: March 05, 2013 12:56 PMA Malaysian man who stole a ca... twitterurl
Bus stabbing arrest man sectioned: A 22-year-old man arrested on suspicion of fatally stabbing 16-year-old Chr... twitterurl
Glory glory Man United! Glory glory Man United! And the red goes marching up up up! Keep the flag fly high! twitterurl
The young man says "I've got hundreds of fb friends i never met" The old man says "When we were young, we called them imaginary friends" LOL
Man jailed for recording woman in shower with a spy camera: March 21, 2013 12:16 PMA man, who placed a spy cam... twitterurl
she ain't crying over no boy she ain't weak man, she the type of chick to put a real boy on his feet man????
dafug RT twitterusername The winner of the replay between Man Utd and Chelsea will host Man City in the FA Cup semi final!
Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road: SINGAPORE: A man was injured after a fire brok... twitterurl
Big Ups To Da Homie twitterusername Man! He Was Man Enough To Admit His Wrong And Got Back To God! #GoodMove #Respect #Salute
Man Who Assaulted Baby Seeks Mercy: In mercy plea, condemned Ohio man says he tried to rape baby but didn't in... twitterurl
"twitterusername Mirrors by Justin, or When I Was Your Man by Bruno Mars? Nak dengar mana?" when I was your man
iPhone 6: Ex-Apple Ad Man Says Skip the iPhone 5S: iPhone 6: Ex-Apple Ad Man Says Skip the iPhone 5S is a post... twitterurl
why he made 'Man In Love' dance moves look girly? lol RT twitterusername Seo In Guk dancing to Man in Love. Why so cute? ^^ twitterurl
Man arrested for making false bomb threat: Police have arrested a 34-year-old man for making a false bomb thre... twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername terbaik. Only the best man can go to sea. Only the best woman can be with the best man. Haha"yeahh.deyhh
I hate Man U sorry, wait I'm not sorry RT twitterusername twitterusername I thought we are always the same.not anymore..HAHA MAN U GOING WIN LA
"if you're man enough to bring someone into this world, be man enough to stick around and see how the turn out" - Kellin Quinn
And beside the huge crocodile was a man pushing his merc car in vain. Feel like laughing cause the croc like so chill sia didnt eat the man.
Wtf man. When you wanted to rant about someone I was always there for you and then wtf man you fucktard stupid bitch go to hell
Man in online vice ring case fails to prove statement made under threat: The second man claiming trial in the ... twitterurl
[ST] Man fined for giving false info about kidnapping to police: May 10, 2013 1:01 PMA man escaped ... twitterurl #singapore
Man fined for giving false info about kidnapping to police: May 10, 2013 1:01 PMA man escaped a jail sentence ... twitterurl
Man clings to car after hit-and-run: A man in Georgia held onto the hood of a car for two miles after confront... twitterurl
Red! u missing it man RT twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername ur uncle jack want a shirt too man regulator JACK!!"Wat Color He Want
Ohhh yesyesyes, iron man 3 tomorrow! But the funny thing is, I haven't caught iron man 1 & 2 and I'm clueless.
[News] Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West: The National Parks Board said a man was kil... twitterurl
"twitterusername A man is supposed to be a builder, constructer, and fixer. If all he does is run, ruin, and avoid, he???s not a man"
British man dies on Greenland trek: A British man has died during a trek across Greenland's ice sheet, the Bri... twitterurl
Man kills self at Houston airport: A man suffered a gunshot wound Thursday in the pre-screening area of Termin... twitterurl
[News] Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino: A 44-year-old man, who works as a croupier at the... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino: A 44-year-old man, who works as a croup... twitterurl #singapore
A very happy birthday to twitterusername man,that night on AELFOC was ass man HAH.Anyways,keep on being that great nice guy & have a BLAST BRO!
his man has been recorded to share the ''closest Proximity'' that any human can share to ''POPEYE" the sailor man twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for throwing down flower pots from flat: May 27, 2013 11:48 PMA MAN was arrested ... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man dies of dengue: A young man has become the first person to die of dengue in the current epidemic in... twitterurl
[CNA] Man dies of dengue: A young man has become the first person to die of dengue in the current e... twitterurl #singapore
I believe I can be superwoman. Work, take care of my kids, look good, & make sure my man feels like a man
Cesc Fabregas will meet Barcelona manager Tito Vilanova this week for talks about his future: Man Utd, Man City, Chelsea all linked with him
Yes you???re one hot motherfucker, ladies man or whatever title you wanna earn ok? STFU cause I???m sure as hell a lady loves a faithful man.
Mega Man Coming to Super Smash Bros Wii U and 3DS: A long overdue appearance if I???ve ever seen one! Mega Man is making a glorious ret...
Am really hoping Running Man will turn up in SG one day! I wanna have a game with them , hehehe! #Running #Man #SG
Why did Dailymotion removed all the running man English sub shows?? How am I going to watch running man now??? *depressed*
Hey man heard it is your birthday ey? Happy birthday to you twitterusername have a great day aites! Miss you man! See you soon!
HAPPY 18th man,wah sot you're such a great guy man,I high now cant write compo so this is for you twitterusername twitterurl
??twitterusername After sometime the man got bored. And so he ran away from her bed. And there she said man are all shit.???
A young man but it praise the loyalty of a Vietnamese woman ...the gentle patience and genuine faithfuliness of a woman that love a man
The secret of praying is praying in secret. A sinning man will stop praying, & a praying man will stop sinning. -Leonard Ravenhill
[News] Man charged with 260 counts of taking upskirt videos: A 36-year-old man has been charged with some 260 ... twitterurl
Been awhile. Miss you too man! See you real soon!! RTtwitterusername twitterusername ok I'll see ya soon!! Anw miss you man
No man will be found in whose mind airy...: No man will be found in whose mind airy notions do not sometimes t... twitterurl
K i'm not a gas, so i wont fly that fast. I will go. Everyone please watch her chasing me away RT twitterusername twitterusername man man zou
Manchester City have been linked with former Man United man Paul Pogba, but they could have had him already, according to Patrick Vieira.
wah srs sia,i message you,nvr reply wth man. and i message like 1h ago,your last seen was 7:38pm. whats this man
I like the way Arsenal fans are relishing Man U's failures. Kwani Man U's failure is really that important for Arsenal's success?
[CNA] Man charged with hacking Ang Mo Kio Town Council website: A 35-year-old man has been charged ... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Three years' jail for man who forged dollar notes: An unemployed man who used a scanner-cum-p... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man involved in rental scam jailed 21 months: A man who was part of a rental scam amounting to almost S... twitterurl
Just when I decided to leave Man U and Man C out if the mix parley, both leading 3-0 right now. #badluckej
I know I might hurt some man utd fans but man utd and Arsenal clash isn't the clash everyone is looking forward this season.
The Paul Walker jokes are out of hand. The man just passed away along with another, respect the man and his family. Have some decency
[News] Man under probation for nude photo threat: A man who snapped a photo of his naked ex-girlfriend and thr... twitterurl
Wewe! Kichwa kaa bakuli QT twitterusername Lol shes the man ClanSewe: Who lied to you? QT twitterusername ClanSewe is a man?!
12/12/13 No one can reach his style, Dialogue ! The man with fans worldwide ! A man who seem to love?? twitterurl
Readers are reporting a man armed with two swords on the MRT. Have you seen this man? Send us your photos. twitterurl
[CNA] Jail, fine for man who insulted and hit cafe staff: A man was on Monday sentenced to three an... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] 2nd man charged in Lim Chu Kang murder: A second man was on Friday charged with the murder of... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] The man who was arrested after jumping an MRT fare gate and wielding a samurai s...: The man... twitterurl #singapore
This old man in America shot the man next to him to death just because he was texting during a movie and he was texting his daughter WHUT
i still do not understand what Mata doing in Man Utd. is he there to purposely destroy Man Utd once and for all? LOL
[News] Man jailed 30 months for molesting 13-year-old boy: A 33-year-old man who molested a 13-year-old boy ha... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 30 months for molesting 13-year-old boy: A 33-year-old man who molested a 13-year-... twitterurl #singapore
I just hope Man U win today's match. I dont want to see Man City on top of Liverpool after this...
But too bad, he's married. He's the reason for me waiting to grow up & find the right man. The man able to take care his children
[ST] Man jailed seven months for molesting three women on Sentosa: March 21, 2014 12:56 PMA man who... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!] Man in Woodlands spitting incident sentenced to 5 weeks jail: The man at the centre of the Woo... twitterurl #singapore
Robin Van Persie scored a hat trick to fire Man United into the Quarter Finals of the Champions League. FT: Man U 3-0 Olympiakos(agg 3-2)
[Y!FB] A man visiting the zoo didn't expect he would end up playing frisbee with a pola...: A man v... twitterurl #singapore
A man with his tattoo doesn't define they bad, but a man who wear ties and black shoes are the biggest criminals.
The Latest Amazing Spider-Man 2 Trailer Shows the Rise of Electro:  Sony has released another trailer for The Amazing Spider-Man 2, a...
Give man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Give a man an iPhone, he'll start a YouTube channel and can pay someone to buy fish for him
??twitterusername Oh man; haven't seen the bus pillow guy in ages. Can't take a pic........ twitterusername man up and take the pic
Man arrested for kicking a bus along Serangoon Rd: SINGAPORE - Police arrested a 51-year-old man on Saturday a... twitterurl
FT: MAN UTD 1-1BAYERN MUNICH ! Good news for man utd , schweinsteiger and martinez out for the next match at allianz arena..
man dominating the world??? U fucking kidding men? before man goes to war, females were the ones who went to war. Mans are simply Houseman.
Rome wasn't built in a day nor was it built by one man alone but one man guided a work force to build an empire.
[ST] Man jailed for recording woman in shower with a spy camera: March 21, 2013 12:16 PMA man, who ... twitterurl #singapore
"When I see a man anxious, I say, ??What does this man want? If he did not want something which is not in..." twitterurl
Police looking for man to assist with investigations into theft: The police are looking for the man shown in t... twitterurl
Man hit by train had 'kindest heart': A man from Surrey who died after being hit by a train following an alter... twitterurl
My heart bleeding bcos my girl leave me for another man it's very pain but I don't want to show it. Real man cry on inside.
[News] Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation: A 38-year-old man is helping the police with investiga... twitterurl
#voteironman seriously from all the movies nominated iron man is the only one deserve to win iron man hulk and batman not SNOW WHITE
[YH!SG-FB] Man Utd's march to the title was slowed by a fighting 2-2 draw with tough-as-nai...: Man... twitterurl #singapore
The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time. ~Thomas Jefferson
Man charged over shooting at party: A man is charged with the murder of Jerome Edwards, 23, who was shot in th... twitterurl
"twitterusername Zac Efron is like a real-life Iron Man with that bionic hand he's got now: twitterurl RDJ IS THE ONLY IRON MAN
Jgn jealous bro :-) "twitterusername Mentality penyokong Man Utd RT twitterusername So man city lost? Thank you and praise the lord! Muahahhaa"
Did u just call man u cheap RT twitterusername U'd let anyone tap u Man U cheap bro RT twitterusername I'd (cont) twitterurl
"What the hell, man." He sounds like Pablo! Not gonna talk to you. Nanti kau 'what the hell man' aku plak.
[News] Elderly man found dead at New Upper Changi Rd: An elderly Chinese man was found dead at the foot of a H... twitterurl
Iron Man 3 Review: More Human, Less Soul: The third Iron Man could have been one of two movies. It could have ... twitterurl
Man jailed for beating girl to death: A man is jailed for life for beating a two-year-old girl to death while ... twitterurl
Man gets jail cane for sexually assaulting 9-year-old boy: A MAN who sexually assaulted a nine-year-old boy af... twitterurl
Bustard ! Aku iron man luh . Entha is it considered or not to be iron man if u only have two metal piece in your leg .
Khew is a magician on the keyboard man. Don't be fooled by that "I'm just an ordinary old man" impression. He's not ordinary at all.
[ST] Man accused of smuggling 21 puppies in car boot: May 22, 2013 10:55 AMA man was charged on Wed... twitterurl #singapore
Man who filmed 423 upskirt videos, charged with insulting modesty of women: May 21, 2013 2:58 PMA man was char... twitterurl
[News] Man jailed 9 weeks for plan to steal cough syrup: A man was on Monday jailed nine weeks by a district c... twitterurl
Kena prudential man and citibank man. NOOOOO I don't wanna get what savings or what bank what free luggage IM JUST A SMALL GIRL NOOOOO
I just learn one thing. If a man love you he'll respect you. But if a boy doesn't do like what man do.
[Y!FB] A man in Zimbabwe wakes up in the morning and finds a crocodile lying under his...: A man in... twitterurl #singapore
Am not a Man U fan! Sorry! RT twitterusername twitterusername Man Utd playing like shit laa!! Mendak seh! No playmaker in the center.
I mean I'm not a Man Utd fan, but didn't Fergie tell the supporters to "get behind the next manager" and support him? Lol. Man U fans.
You can be the man today and everyone is callin your phone but as soon as you fir2 life goes on. Time stops for no man.
[CNA] Man jailed, banned from driving after accident that killed jogger: A 23-year-old man was on M... twitterurl #singapore
I'm a big fan of running man but tbh, the new episodes of running man are not as fun and interesting as how it used to be.
[News] Man pleads guilty to maid abuse: SINGAPORE: A 41-year-old man has pleaded guilty to punching and slapping... twitterurl
[CNA] Man who helps run brothel jailed: SINGAPORE: A 30-year-old man who helped to run a brothel and ... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to maid abuse: SINGAPORE: A 41-year-old man has pleaded guilty to punching an... twitterurl #singapore
That's it man. That's it. Don't try to push your luck way too far man. Don't make me hate you for nothing dammit.
whatever, man, whatever, I'm not gonna be involved in this anymore, man, as I was told, it's "None of my business".
"twitterusername A man will stand above us and he will be the one guiding us" the man who is on the sixth floor eh?
Man jailed for brutal baby attack: A man who beat a one-month-old boy in a "murderous rage" giving him 26 rib fr... twitterurl
Man guilty of raping and trying to murder neighbours' maid: February 06, 2013 4:34 PMA 45-year-old jobless man w... twitterurl
Man killed by falling shop sign: A man dies in hospital after a shop sign from a betting shop falls on him in no... twitterurl
Man charged with using someone elses credit card to buy fast food: A man, who is believed to have used another p... twitterurl
Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food: SINGAPORE: A man who used another pers... twitterurl
I hate man boobies. RT twitterusername Man slut heh RT twitterusername Why the fuck did i throw myself at you, see what happen
It's Not A Man Purse, Its A Satchel. - jhonyoaninf: I love how man bags ??Satchel??? have been coming more??commo?? twitterurl
[News] Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner: SINGAPORE: A man implicated in the dea... twitterurl
A man can be saved if he, himself insisted on being so. Likewise, a man cannot be saved he'd already given himself into temptation, give up.
[YH!SG] Video: Man loses control of boat off Perth coast: A man struggled in waters off the Perth coa... twitterurl #singapore
British man shot dead in Kenya: A British man killed in Kenya on Saturday was a special constable with the Metro... twitterurl
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus: January 17, 2013 3:46 PMA 27-year-old man was charged in a district c... twitterurl
Man jailed for insulting modesty by filming an upskirt video: A man, who filmed an upskirt video of a woman on a... twitterurl
Man jailed for insulting modesty by filming an upskirt video: January 21, 2013 2:46 PMA man, who filmed an upski... twitterurl
#info "When I Was Your Man" which Bruno Mars sings about losing his girl to another man just because he didn't treat her  the right way
finally catching up with my Kpop! I don't need a man, I don't need a man. only suzy can be damn cute in guy's clothes lah! hahaha.
Lovin' my new iron man cover. Honestly not a big fan of iron man but i do think tony stark is a qt pie twitterurl
Bg:(:( "twitterusername Kenak kesini "twitterusername You're not man, a real man never do the violent for a women he loves. He doesnt!""
A Man who will never be afflicted with Depression, is a man that Allah has bestowed with a heart that is content
[TheVerge] Making 'Man of Steel': a conversation with visual effects supervisor John 'DJ' DesJardin: Zack Snyder???s Man of Steel opene...
"Value of a man is not by his physical features, his style nor his wallet, value of a man is measured by his respectability and believes."
today damn power packed: kicked a man cause he purposely bumped into me and shouted at another man who stole my freaking taxi today._.
Shit I'm down whenever man just hit a nigga up.ha ??? Cuz I know how right? Lol alright then man hit Desiree up th... twitterurl
[CNA] Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio: A man in his 20s was injured after he was inv... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] A man in the US accidentally sets his wife on fire after using his lighter at th...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
:D RT twitterusername Not sure if I'm the strongest man in the world, but I'm damn sure the strongest man driving my pick up. Fun read! http://
no luck for utd RT twitterusername Newcastle beat Spurs, Sunderland are beating Man City. Good day for the underdogs. Man Utd are in luck.
A man with feelings isn't less of a man just because he cries. Also, stop praising men for having feelings. Everybody has feelings.
U.S. man pulled off plane in North Korea detained, son says: An 85-year-old American man on an organized tour ... twitterurl
[News] Man who had oral sex with minor without paying jailed: A man who had sex with a 17-year-old prostitute ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man who had oral sex with minor without paying jailed: A man who had sex with a 17-year-old p... twitterurl #singapore
I seriously hope Moyes gets fired. You guys wanna know what he's doing eversince he came to man utd? He's destroying the entire team man.
& if i sing pussy monster she gon need a new man! hello world.. i would like for yall to meet ME, her new man!
Man arrested for brawl that left three people injured: Police have arrested a 22-year-old man suspected of hur... twitterurl
Kinda excited fo later. First time doing a surprise fo my man. (Actually not my man lah but god willing insya allah hehehe)
a Ze:A's but the man that over ride everything and can make me drop everything is Cho Kyuhyun he the man I am willing to do about anything
[TheVerge] Man who confessed to drunk driving death on YouTube sentenced to six and a half years in prison: The man who posted a remo...
I miss you man. #malaysiaboleh #nohomo ??? Oh man,I miss you too dude! Can't wait for school to start :-) #malaysi... twitterurl
[TheVerge] How the man who inspired 'Memento' changed our understanding of memory: Henry Gustave Molaison was a man who couldn't make...
RM> haha: the guy you see in Running man is Haroro, but the man you see here right now is a tough guy! #fb
Me ??? ??twitterusername Running Man please come back soon along with Jaesuk & Kwangsoo for Running Man filming!!! hehe who wants this too? ^^???
Shall spend my night at work watching running man. I have yet to watch the latest two episodes of running man
[Y!] You won???t believe what this creepy man is doing in Beijing???s MRT trains: Imagine this: a man h... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername twitterurl my ideal man the man I would give up everything for I love him more then my own life...
Champions League draw: Man City v Barcelona, Olympiakos v Man Utd, AC Milan v Atletico Madrid, Bayer Leverkusen v PSG, Galatasaray v Chelsea
??twitterusername If a redhead works at a bakery, does that make him a ginger bread man???? Or the Ginger Head Man
Do you want a man dancing behind you in a club?Or a man in front of you leading the prayer?
[CNA] Man jailed 7 years for raping cousin 14 years ago: A man who raped his young cousin some 14 y... twitterurl #singapore
Man admits to molesting daughter when she was only 10 or 11: March 03, 2014 12:23 PMA man admitted to molestin... twitterurl
Man jailed seven months for molesting three women on Sentosa: March 21, 2014 12:56 PMA man who molested three ... twitterurl
[Y!FB] A man in the #US has been jailed 16 years for putting a young infant into the fr...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
There are 2 types of people in this world. A good man doing good things and a bad man doing bad things.
[News] Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station not hit by train: SMRT: A 70-year-old man was found uncon... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Man arrested after allegedly pledging to shoot a passerby for 100 retweets: A 20-year-old Los Angeles man has been arreste...
eh twitterusername , happy birthday man!!!! enjoyed ur day? hope u did man. ahah. skate safe and nice photography skills. see ya around peipei!
Man found on MRT tracks injured but stable: February 04, 2014 8:31 AMAn elderly man found lying on the MRT tra... twitterurl
LOL Man U fans.. Get your facts straight. Not all of 1D likes Man U. And btw you lost not coz of 1D supporting you, you just lost
Baik ah, Man U back to winning ways- beating Swansea 2-0. Valencia & Welbeck scored. Januzaj man of the match #GGMU
Typed out a brief summary of Iron Man to this twitterusername BECAUSE SHE DOESNT KNOW WHO IS IRON MAN AND TONY STARK OMG I HAVE A HEART ATTACK
[News] Man apparently run over by horses at Turf Club race: A video of a man being run over by horses during a... twitterurl
[CNA] Man apparently run over by horses at Turf Club race: A video of a man being run over by horse... twitterurl #singapore
I don't want a man who "needs" me. I want a man who wants me "above all else". There is a big difference.
[News] Man arrested for theft of S$85,000 from lodging house: Police have arrested a man suspected of theft of... twitterurl
Hahaha damn funny, man city match but man u stadium tour is fully booked, not city hahhaa see united is still the bigger club
Yessss man united all the way man cute girl. Why nak jadi musuh ke? Hahahah ??? Why not kan? Haha. Who are you? :) twitterurl
Carrick as the man of the match? I am surprised. Quietly efficient n good but not man of the match for me. #MUFC
[CNA] Man accused of having paid sex with minor acquitted: A man accused of having paid sex with a ... twitterurl #singapore
Amazing Spider-Man 2 for Xbox One Delayed Indefinitely:   What???s up with The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on Xbox One? Short answer: No one k...
man i want a Maserati now forget the rest man that a nice car Maserati GranTurismo MC Stradale woah BEAUTIFUL twitterusername
Its raining here at KGC and the man don't believe me so he tknk tarik the cover... Arghhhhh! Where is my favourite man?
BAPTISM = induction to Baptist-Jesus Qumran political xtremist movement,not baptism from sin/ bury the 'old man',refer JESUS THE MAN,Thering
RIM stays the odd man out on Apple's win - MarketWatch: Sydney Morning HeraldRIM stays the odd man out on Apple'... twitterurl
Video: Man loses control of boat off Perth coast: A man struggled in waters off the Perth coast after losing con... twitterurl
yes!! RT twitterusername "Don't choose the better man, choose the man who makes you a better woman." -This Means War (2012) #kf
47-year-old man fined $4,800 for insulting cashier's modesty: January 23, 2013 2:56 PMA 47-year-old man was fine... twitterurl
Nowadays its so hard to find a man who is real man //kind hearted,not playing gal feeling,loyal,caring,honest//
??twitterusername Any man can love a thousand girls, but only a real man can love one girl in a thousand ways.???  ?????
Man charged with stealing baby milk powder: SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old man has been charged with stealing baby mil... twitterurl
Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: A man has been jailed two months and fined S$5,00... twitterurl
Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs: SINGAPORE: A man has been jailed two months and f... twitterurl
Man sails from PNG to Australian island on twig raft: SYDNEY: A Polish man was lucky to be alive on Friday after... twitterurl
Car falls into man-made sinkhole: A car fell into a man-made 'sinkhole' at the junction of Keppel Road and Canto... twitterurl
#local #news Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food: A man who used... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged for using someone else's credit card to buy fast food: January 29, 2013 4:48 PMA man, who is believe... twitterurl
Man jailed 28 months for fraud and CBT: A man who stole money from his girlfriend and cheated her father, as wel... twitterurl
Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner: SINGAPORE: A man implicated in the death of h... twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with molesting teen male on bus: SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old man has been charged wi... twitterurl #singapore
Man guilty of Tenerife beheading: A man is found guilty of decapitating a 60-year-old British grandmother in a... twitterurl
"A real man treats his woman as a priority, not an option. A real man shows his love through everyday actions and doesn't need reminders."
This old man should learn from that old man. Cool, calm and classy. Shut your mouth and stop complaining to the air.
Man to be charged with bus murder: A man is to be charged with murdering 16-year-old Christina Edkins, who was... twitterurl
Hes gonna be with me. Just the two of us. ;) ehhehhe hell no wo bu shi into man to man sword fighting
"I fear not the man who practiced a thousand kicks. I fear the man who practiced one kick, a thousand times." - Bruce Lee
Man jailed for recording woman in shower with a spy camera: File picture of a man in handcuffs. Accounts execu... twitterurl
??twitterusername she ain't crying over no boy she ain't weak man, she the type of chick to put a real boy on his feet man???????
Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece on three occasions: A 57-year-old man, who first molested his niece whe... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername howard is a beast man??? right like fuck man why we end up not right next to her loo
teach a man English he can speak to everyone ,teach a man Malay he can order Nasi lemak berlauk #WIN #HappyBreakfast
[CNA] Man helping police in hit-and-run investigation: A 38-year-old man is helping the police with... twitterurl #singapore
CHURCH! QT twitterusername #Quote "A man with a gun??can rob a bank. A man with a bank??can rob the world"
Through my eyes can see i was still a blind man through my mind can think i was a mad man
var array = [Iron Man 3, Star Trek XII, Man of Steel, World's End, This is the End, Lone Ranger, Pacific Rim, Wolverine, Elysium, Kickass2]
Man accused of smuggling 21 puppies in car boot: May 22, 2013 10:55 AMA man was charged on Wednesday with impo... twitterurl
One man can love a million women in one way but it takes a real man to love one women for a million reasons - A friend of mine
[ST] Man charged with spraying graffiti at skating bowl: June 10, 2013 1:28 PMA man was charged in ... twitterurl #singapore
That man you called a psychopath? He???s a high functioning sociopath. See that man with the limp? He fought in?? twitterurl
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat: Police on Thursday, arrested a 34-year-old man f... twitterurl
[News] Man arrested for making false bomb threat: Police have arrested a 34-year-old man for making a false bo... twitterurl
I cant wait! Though i prefer a one-man.. But but... I can finally see Aki!!~~I can finally see tt sexy man!!~~
VIDEO: Teen: 'Why I created Iron Man suit': A teenager has told the BBC that his self-built Iron Man suit has ... twitterurl
[ST] Man gets jail, cane for sexually assaulting 9-year-old boy: May 10, 2013 7:08 AMA MAN who sexu... twitterurl #singapore
Cos leader look exactly the same as the man u love ...and leader is also a man very dear to u too...CONFUSED
Man kicked off airplane for 'being too fat': A man claims he was asked to disembark a Southwest Airlines aircr... twitterurl
Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West: The National Parks Board said a man was killed aft... twitterurl
Man takes up right-to-die legal case: A paralysed man is taking up the legal challenge previously mounted by t... twitterurl
Dont worry the world can turn against you...but to me you forever be my ideal man the man that is worth fighting for twitterusername
like healthy trees look like my hair in an afro haha makes me think  about the black man being the original man.
Elderly man found dead at New Upper Changi Rd: An elderly Chinese man was found dead at the foot of a HDB bloc... twitterurl
[We?SG] There goes a great man who has been putting smiles on our faces.: There goes a great man wh... twitterurl #singapore
Friday Flicks: Is ???Iron Man 3? the Best Blockbuster of the Year?: Iron Man 3 He???s back. Not content with bring... twitterurl
Morning bro twitterusername thank you!!!! Can't fcking wait man. All out this year and fuck it up after. #PrayForBaghdad love you man
[Y!] Elderly man found unconscious near MRT track 'not hit by train': A man in his 70s, who was fou... twitterurl #singapore
is anyone watching american's got talent on channel 5???? I want to know the song the man was singing just now hahaha the man w the guitar
??twitterusername Man United lost 5-0 against Newcastle, still went on to win the title...??? not every team is man united
100 year old man who jumped out of the window brings us back to history. he was a part of communism and wars. a quirky man w adventures.
I want ferguson back... moyes is destroying man utd.. i might be a liverpool fan but then the famous man utd vs liv match gonna be shit
Moyes or not, Man Utd is still Man Utd. I dont think Arsenal have what it takes to bring em down!
Buttner not cleverly "twitterusername SUB Man Utd bring on Tom Cleverley to replace Patrice Evra. Man Utd 2-0 Swansea (79 mins) #MUNSWA"
Valentine's Day ....another day wishing I dont have the hughest crush on a man many miles away .....a man that is unreachable unrealistic
China executes man who kept sex slave dungeon: A Chinese man was executed on Tuesday for keeping six women in ... twitterurl
Sunderland are through to the final of the Capital One Cup after beating Man United 2-1 on penalties. Game ended Man U 2-1 Sunderland AET
[News] Man jailed 7 years for raping cousin 14 years ago: A man who raped his young cousin some 14 years ago w... twitterurl
Holy shit man you guys should have seen this lady the way she was rushing out of the train. She looked like a spastic gorilla no kidding man
[Y!FB] A man poses for pictures with his young daughter in the same positions as he did...: A man p... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] A man had reportedly jumped to his death in a shopping mall in China after a fur...: A man h... twitterurl #singapore
A Singaporean bus driver kills a man, liable for 2 years in prison (repeat kills a man), 24 foreigners riot / protest, liable 7 yrs prison?
[News] Jail and fine for man who insulted and hit cafe staff: A man was on Monday sentenced to three and half ... twitterurl
???"A good man does not pursue a woman for her appearance," her husband said. And a good woman does not pursue a man for his money. :-)
I'm not looking for a boy. I'm looking for a man. A man who can be a daddy for my kids.
oh man I should have gone to mama awards my friends were like it's fun! oh man :( but so busy now in Singapore :((( not fairrr
[News] Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee: A man in Taiwan has been accused of attempting ... twitterurl
[News] Man gets 6 years' corrective training for various offences: A 29-year-old man has been sent for correct... twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets 6 years' corrective training for various offences: A 29-year-old man has been sent f... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Man City can beat Newcastle. Chelsea can beat Man City. Newcastle can beat Chelsea. BPL's logic." businessman thinking ah hah
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
"How a man proposes is not what makes him romantic. Is how a man proposes to lay down his life that makes him romantic."
"How a man proposes is not what makes him romantic. Its how a man proposes to lay down his life that makes him romantic."
??twitterusername twitterusername well head ! Yeh it was good, was at alexandra palace ! How's the little man???? Omg little man I can't
[ST] Man admits to molesting daughter when she was only 10 or 11: March 03, 2014 12:23 PMA man admi... twitterurl #singapore
Sedih kena panggil boy nvm shall take it likka man and think positive a man has a dick so does a boy
What a fine season we're having. Arsenal, Everton, Man U, Tottenham..all swatted aside. Bar Chelsea and Man City, not a bad season at all.
I'll be all alone for 2 weeks starting tomorrow cause Ben10 going army. Ah.. a man gotta do what a man gotta do~ Have fun in Tekong /:
[man] Excuse me, would you like to dance? [women] NO! [man] Maybe u didn't hear me.... I said u look really fat in those pants!
shit man if she dont like you she dont liek you stop being so emo and cursing bitches. be a man. RT twitterusername twitterurl ni
Ex-Durban man jailed in UK for fraud: A former Durban man convicted of laundering proceeds from a ??5.7 million... twitterurl
Don't wish for a man that won't cheat. you probably won't find it. Wish for a man who respects u enough to not let u find out.
DOG NOT MAN. RT twitterusername He's not only cheap, he's a man slut. RT twitterusername twitterusername I agree. Shut up la cheap twitterusername
'Iron Man 3' craze in China: "Iron Man 3" has set a new box office record in China, taking 130 million yuan ($... twitterurl
Who would have known. A man who was bought by another man, scored for him during his retirement match. #magical #GGMU #ThankYouSirAlex
"We are told to remember the idea, not the man, because a man can fail. He can be killed and forgotten. But an idea can change the world."
man...if i remember clearly i saw that ah pek before in kokura,man how can he anyhow touch the members
World's oldest man dies at 112 in New York state: (Reuters) - The world's oldest man, a gin rummy-playing one-... twitterurl
There is no work so rude that man may...: There is no work so rude that man may not exalt it; no work so impas... twitterurl
I think I got influence by boyfriend with all the pets man.. Keep thinking bout the hamster. twitterusername . Thanks man. Thanks.
SinarFM doing live commentary for Man City vs Everton. "Cuaca baik hari ini 14 darjah celcius di Manchester...Man City berbaju biru cair"
a real man is not one who spends a lot to her gf, a real man is one who can lead her wife in solah
[TheVerge] Real-life Iron Man suit commissioned by US military: The technology in Iron Man is getting a step closer to reality thanks...
"Who needs a man around here? I don't need no man HA I got a screwdriver I can fix shit" -mom while fixin' shit
Nothing is more useful to man than those...: Nothing is more useful to man than those arts which have no utility. twitterurl
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man."
[News] Man mocked online by Miss Singapore finalist thought of quitting job: A man who was thrown into the soc... twitterurl
[CNA] Man in alleged spitting incident takes stand: The man at the centre of a viral video that app... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] A man in Italy has died after a giant crucifix, honouring John Paul II, collapse...: A man i... twitterurl #singapore
This guy is a lame mothefucker man, owe people shit. Than wanna act big and all blame people. Bro wtf man
And you'll running to the corner, cause you it just for you, I'm the man who can't be moved. I'm the man who can't be moved
He is a world changer and a history maker. The greatest man that I have ever known. The greatest man that I will ever know, Kong Hee kor
Man arrested for CTE crash last Aug, killing man, his Korean girlfriend & her parents, to be charged for driving under influence of drugs
[News] Man accused of having paid sex with minor acquitted: A man accused of having paid sex with a minor was ... twitterurl
[Y!FB] A man did something careless while trying to break up with his fiancee. He did i...: A man d... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man arrested for attacking 3 people: Police have arrested a 44-year-old man, who is believed to be resp... twitterurl
Oh twitterusername sigh ....how much longer are u gonna make me wait to see that man that sang Aftermath Remix the white hair holding a hawk man
Hey man! Look at me rocking out, I'm on the radio! Hey man! Look at me rocking out, I'm on the video!
Bruce lee when young is so fucking godamn ass handsome chinese man!
Chris Brown Heckled By Man Claiming To Be Crip Outside Nightclub  twitterurl via twitterusername RT!
?????????? funny!! ??twitterusername I like RM!!!!! not Real Madrid la k, Running Man???
??twitterusername Man u needs to keep calm & play soccer not rugby.??? Or takraw.
here came the NS Man .. after so long see him again .. haha
Why am I so emotional man every single tear I can get emotional
Thor ??twitterusername iron man "twitterusername Captain america ??twitterusername Wolverine. RT twitterusername Berikan nama superhero Marvel
I feel like watching Saw again, I love that kind of movie man! I'm insane.
Why are people starting this new formspring type shit, you're a grown man, c'mon...
"twitterusername Pre-order running man race t-shirt! RM25 only. twitterurl twitterurl twitterusername ngehngeh!
After tmmrw everything's back to normal :( dreading the following days man sigh
I suppose Bayern would be feeling easy on us after this defeat ... Oh man ...
Man, girlfriend, arrested for alleged kidnapping of 14-year-old - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Oh, FloridaMan. RT twitterusername Florida Man Assaults Quadriplegic With A Fish | twitterurl
How the hell that mat rep can that type if girl man
Season finale na ng Suits season 2 next week. Oh man, so fast.
Watching Running Man in my room is a very bad idea. CANNOT LOAD ONE
Now my baby is dancing, but she's dancing w another man.
Snail, an old couple, a traffic jam and a man pushing his car. Wtf
Thanks twitterusername for the awesome watch man. Appreciate it alot bro :) twitterurl
Am I the only one on my timeline which prefers the Taiwanese variety ??? then running man?
"Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man." Ouchhh )':
super tiring day man. did so much travelling and my legs are aching
The three words most women wants to hear from a man is, "You've lost weight."
Saw a crazy man dancing n wearing t back omg so er xin
Every woman needs a man that will ruin their lipstick and not their mascara.
I admit that i care more for my academic than ukhrawi.. expectations man, expectations.
sleepy level on the scale of 1-10 is 100000000 man. HAHAH.
Trying to make it work but man this times are hard
Ahboy to man 2 was awesome! Hats off to all NS men!
Wtf man. These ppl dunno hw to walk? All keep banging me ): #morningrage
Oh man. Heard that Jack Swagger won the #eliminationchamber match. He's heading to WrestleMania 29
Body stuffed in trolley bag: Man jailed for failing to report #death             twitterurl
Naked man wanders around Ang Mo Kio near crowded hawker centre             twitterurl
I feel you, I really get it, man. Be strong brother.
I should not have to wake up to such fuckery man. I should not.
Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner twitterurl #Singapore
[ST] Man jailed for cheating friend of $10,000 with a restaurant investment lie twitterurl
#np now my baby is dancing, she's dancing with another man
Cant hold my tears anymore cos cik man tnga hentam dorg....
Oh my.. Jang Hyuk is totally an earnest man.. XD LOL..
This is twitterusername playing the saxophone. Can this man get any cooler? twitterurl
23 yr old cacoon baby slash man sleeping beside me twitterurl
Shall head to bed right away. Feeling sleepy as hell man.
Man I see having manners gets u nowhere n life n makes u look corny ????????
siwon and jackie chan are guests for running man ep 135
KJK: I hope to see you all once again with Running Man members hopefully!! #kjkinsg
I shall torture the kids with classic orchestral music. Damn it man. Just so damn
Don't mention it man ?? RT twitterusername Thanks twitterusername for cheering me up too. ?
When i tell y'all i be jamming to them oldie rap songs man twitterurl
Treat me like a teenager not like a man that has 2 wives and 11 kids
Checking out Runawaykim's covers on youtube. I really love his voice man. :)
It's either the guy looks really old or ... The girl is really dating an old man
shall go bathe nw. gastric is back agn. hate it man
should have started earlier man wth if I did I would be sleeping rn
#SongsThatWillNeverGetOld All theme songs from Running Man, Malay songs and English songs that I always heard :)
Dont know whether I should continue watching running man or not :(
I remember seeing a shooting star during adventure camp...... awww man miss it :-(
Im not good in dealing with jealous people, oh man im serious T_T
MIT orders lockdown after man carrying rifle and wearing body armour spotted on campus twitterurl
3am and I'm trolling around , I need something to do man
No way is this season's Man United side stronger than the one in 1999.
Th non campers program sucks man like what the fuck is that shit ass schedule
Hoping Man United will win the match tonight! C'mon lads! #ggmu
I feel so lonely talking about Running Man and Jongkookie on my other account. ;______;
Should I waste my sleeping time for running man.... Jackie Chan..... sleep....
Full focus on running man! Someone kept saying jackie chan is funny! Arghhh! Waitttttt!
wtf man?? my phone shows 'no service' for almost the whole day what fuckery is this!!!!
Most likely not sleeping later and study till 345 then Man united v Real Madrid. #GGMU.
Bathing right after dinner, not gonna have a proper indigestion man ??
This guy tried to be cool by crossing when it's red man...
Anyone know what web can watch running man? I want watch siwon & jackie chan part
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: What we know twitterurl via twitterusername
Oh man the mix so good and im in lo e with heheh again
You're Nothing more than a maniac - Tony Stark Iron Man 3
Even man city captain said it wasn't a fucking red card.
My greeting to Natasha Young will forever be "WA HELL MAN"
I miss my big brother. Adik-beradik, takkan terpisah! #Siblings #Cousins #Man #Style #fashion?? twitterurl
Me and some good fellas, including man called Messi, in twitterusername this month. See:\
[CNA] Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV twitterurl
Man drowns in Lower Seletar Reservoir after quarrel with GF twitterurl
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea twitterurl
#Venezuela's #Chavez The Man is no more, long live the Hugo ! #RIP
Happy Sweet 18 to twitterusername whooo partyy man bring GEORGEEEE!! God bless xx
Man drowns in Lower Seletar Reservoir after quarrel with GF             twitterurl
Sadly i dont have a running man friend i can share with T.T
Dad's watching the encore match of manu and Madrid just to kutok man united lol.
Well Done Man Utd & Real Madrid . Entertaining game by both sides ??
Shouldn't say this but credits to MAN U lah sial for a decent game.
How so you stop feeling jealous? ??? Suck it up.. Be a man.. twitterurl
??twitterusername When a man has dirty hands. Hard worker &gt;&gt;??? dirty hands are nasty.
Lolol RT twitterusername kenna summon again. walan?? 4 days streak already. give some chance man fuckers.
??twitterusername twitterusername I was thinking about that!!!??? Its too amazing, man!
Court remands man for allegedly issuing N100m dud cheques - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Cool.. "twitterusername Now listening Lenny/Man on the side by John Mayer"
Every man ain't no pig & every woman ain't no slut. Don't judge. It isn't your job.
why u so cute man. Silly smile. U are so tempting fuh!
found faith23'11's class grp on fb. wah so many memories man :'(
I'm gonna go home and bathe and enjoy my laptop and running man and everything.
Went to pasar malam with Hazirah and omg yummy food man. Weeeeee
Please meet people. Be a normal man. Get some tea and coffee with society ;)
Motorists have to avoid hitting old man riding motorized wheelchair on road\
one of the best saturday man, miss every single one of you already aiya ???? twitterurl
"I Would Talk About My Dick But Man That Shit Would Be A Long Story"
"twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername omg
??twitterusername Every second every minute man i swear he can get it! ?????
Go #lfc go #cfc ! Supporting Chelsea cos I hate Man Utd
Lucu dri liato x)) "twitterusername Daebaaak!! Running Man with Jackie Chan is superb worth watching :D"
The hell downing score ? Very rare :) hahahahaa , nice man :) u saved lvrpool :)
Thank you for being my man in my whole life. Love you Mr. Rizal ? twitterurl
SG???s football match-fixing boss still a free man twitterurl
I'm pretty amaze all my guy friends can really pull off that "classy man" look. Hehehe.
AsiaClassifiedToday: With Struq, ad-man Sam Barnett knows you intimately - Wired.... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
If you go to any man besides the Lord with a need . . . . You will be disappointed
turning 18 this yr then next yr 19 then 20. Noooooooooo old man
A happily married man, is one who understands every word that his wife didnt say
Some people get soooo defensive. How about you take a chill pill and desensitise man
Forgotten man scored . Still not save there . 3-0 up is good though .
If Cristiano Ronaldo join back to Man Utd, that wil be freaking awesome. :)
Omg If Spencer is in the A team game over man GAME OVER
Y YOU RAIN!! I cannot leave office with my guitar man! ??
[TNP] Man jumps off 20-storey high bridge and survives twitterurl
YEAH MAN WHADDUP RT twitterusername : SURVIVED TODAY SURVIVED LAST WEEK SURVIVED IT ALL #trooper #hellyeah
"what's 911? is that tower being demolished?" some people need to get off tumblr man.
i like the new dropbox. been waiting for that feature for years man
Ukisseu oppars wishing Eli for his birthday. I feel the Ukiss brothers love man.
But the one who walk on roof is an indian man ! :p
Music man: How Joe Ng went from Radio Station to cinema hall twitterurl
United Airlines delays flight for man to see dying mother - twitterurl twitterurl
something wrong with pres, man, collect a bit of money also got problem.
best friends are in camp, I'm sitting you looking at my toes..Jesus fuck man
Not gonna lie but Pioneer is getting to ghetto lol dis is da hood man
Seeing kids go missing is really a sad and scary thing man.
Cannot wait for Iron Man 3 and and Hang Over 3 and and Smurf 2 hehe
Omg me too! RT twitterusername Bruno Mars -- When I Was Your Man #nowplaying
Wtf I really dk how some ppl park their car man!! -.-
Wed thurs fri work mbs. Its been a long time man
THIS ): RT twitterusername God knows how much i miss dancing man ahhhhhhh
fak :') RT twitterusername Now my baby is dancing, but she dancing with another man.. :')
Should i cook spicy ramen noodles and watch running man? So lazy to cookkkk
Friends u miss most? ??? Idk man, I miss everyone of my friends twitterurl
Cody Rhodes look like a Italian man sesat jalan with his moustache.
Confessions: How NS man 'keng' and got doctor to give late booking-in at 12pm\
??twitterusername Confessions: How NS man 'keng' and got doctor to give late booking-in at 12pm\
strive to be more handsome #masker #relaxing #tired #me #man  #facial #garnier #insta #iphone #instaepi?? twitterurl
"twitterusername Feel free to envy any man. Until you hear about his own problems."
oi this is stressing me out to the extreme oh man slap me to sleep now :*
Guess who got running man shirt and self nametag? Whooo hooooo!!!! twitterurl
Max nye cover of "when i was your man" macam sexxxy ! ????
'twitterusername twitterusername how was it' Auhmmm ! YOU MISS THE DAMN FUN MAN ???? HAIYS !
Alltop RSS > Thank You For Raising The Man of My Dreams twitterurl #photography
Norwich is playing really well despite they are one man down.
pleased enuff cause this is the shit man that im supposed to see then mainstream people.
I rreeeallly should not think every man is hot in glasses
I can wear a jubah everyday man , its so comfortable and not warm at all.
Okay, updated myself about my idol. Omg feel so productive man.
I feel like watching V For Vendetta now lol fak man fak
The guy beside me needs some deodorant man. He smelly lah sia
#MuBankJKT 2PM - Heartbeat --srsly JYPE give 2PM Korean comeback.. they can't keep performing old song man!
Running Man Episode 137 English subs | kshownow | korean shows with english subs twitterurl
182cm considered shortest >_< RT CNBStorm: This week's Running Man guests heights. Jonghyun LOL twitterurl
Ella just too cute and attractive man hais can't stop looking at her ?? photo ??
Cruising home. Man i really dont want to start school, everything is so carefree now.
"twitterusername Am I the only one that don't watch running man ????"
Work tomorrow morning and I still sound like a man. Ugh.
Talking with a boy and talking with a man is totally different ?
Hey dude happy birthday man see you soon with the rest!  twitterusername Sasi ^_^
Why you wanna let the whole world know about your prob man? C'mon. -.-
Earlier today. Driving a car here is ducking scary man. twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday WA man Dominic Bird closer to learning fate in Malaysia - NEW... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
[ST] Police looking for man to assist with investigations into theft twitterurl
Man Utd Kit ;) RT twitterusername Guess what I'm wearing now? Hihihi
"twitterusername Nope, not yet RT twitterusername Have u all heard my sexy man voice"
130321 INFINITE Waiting room Man in Love coming soon - MCD: twitterurl
Oh man. Camp tomorrow and it's a stay over. :/ Thinking of what to pack??
Crazy woman behind me laughing like crazy. She caught the running man fever.. haha
that ad was....... JUST SO WRONG! Not cool man not cool!
Reasons why I watch running man 1. Lee Kwangsoo 2. Monday couple
f m l it's man in love okay just fuck okay ot7 is back
Don't hate on Wale, he is making good music & feeding his family. Let the man live.
WHAT?! Wohhooo. RT twitterusername Man???s head found in Kluang temple, worship rituals suspected twitterurl
Going to school on a holiday morning without Michael sucks man
Oh man wads going on twitter !! I'm totally lost in it !!
When nobody makes me laugh, I have running man. And bed. And food.
Mum's been watching Running Man for the past 4 hours. Woah.
Odd man out every fucking where. Oh how i detest life.
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah thanks to this young man twitterusername night love
Cant believing im saying this, but i cant waiting for my poly result man.
i tink i shld lik one leave one come then i knw man.
CBS > N.Y. man charged after arsenal found in home near school twitterurl #news
#genius ??twitterusername Man finds 7cm knife in back three years after stabbing twitterurl twitterurl
My stomach inside opening party sia! NBCB! Stop partying lah stomach. Take a break man.
hoping that the girls will not have stuff throw at them ok bcak to running man ;;;;
I can turn into a large enormous green man wearing purple shorts sial when i'm hungry
HAHAHA humans ah humans. RT twitterusername Man with sexual fetish for wallets jailed 13 months
??twitterusername twitterusername haha we got the same blood la!??? of course man! you're my babe leh! ??
Eating 5meals a day, how can I not get fat man..
Man charged with 72 counts of cheating timeshare consumers of a total of $1 million twitterurl
Man cuts off father's penis and then his own twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
The day Iron Man ordered a burger and other rare celeb pics    twitterurl
Of all days to be off schedule, 23 chose today. Thanks man.
A man who shops w you is your Prince Charming indeed.
I'm waiting for ironman 3, fast 6, man of steel \\m/
Quick nap & i aint gonna off the radio. Good songs man.
If Your iPhone is Tony Stark, LifeProof???s Case System Is Iron Man [Review] twitterurl
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press twitterurl #apple
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press: twitterurl twitterurl #Tech
"twitterusername [Fancam] Running Man Filming at Incheon Hall ???, ??? ??: twitterurl can you spot The White One?? xD"
Cheating is easy, why not be a man and be faithful?
K RT twitterusername What is the quality you most like in a man? - macam twitterusername
Man arraigned for biting journalist???s ear - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Bought myself a UOX number. Man idk a thing about celcom.
[Y!] Video: Man loses control of boat off Perth coast twitterurl
Police appeal for info on 68-year-old missing man, Mohamed Su'aimi Hassan twitterurl
Oh yes! Lampard maybe coming man utd i will greatly welcome him
CBS > Three accused of dragging man behind truck in Fla. twitterurl #news
That kind of man, that have 1001 methods to make sure the one he loves happy.
Happy 20th birthday Zayn Malik <3 #zaynmalik #onedirection #1D #birthday #man #hot #love #you twitterurl
oo my hp tis morning suddenly appear on my table dk who go touch man haha
Police appeal for info on 68-year-old missing man twitterurl #Singapore
Losing my voice ahem ahem no doesn't work this way shit man
WDMA will be a one man band. Sorry to fauzan and rayne.
Man is a creation of desire, not a creation of need (via twitterusername
Happy spending your future good life little girl. He's a good man. *wipe* #DramaTwitter
FACT!! RTtwitterusername Not one girl likes another girl flirting, texting, or calling her man.
Me trying to study... Brother sleeping behind me...sister watching runnin man next to me. ??????
Ahhh best gila ah tengok fanatic rivalry between Man Utd and Liverpool fans.
Suarez getting so much stick from the Man U fans. Pity.
Can't sleep cause ze bros are watching Man U vs Liverpool match.
Glory Glory Man United, As the reds go marching On, On, On...!! #MUFC
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love. Cc: twitterusername twitterurl
Man Utd manager Ferguson says beating Liverpool still fires him up twitterurl
twitterurl Benjamin Pwee joins DPP as acting Sec Gen. Isn't DPP that Slipper Man party?
[NEWS] 'Running Man' members HaHa & Gary's perfect dance chemistry with guest Park Shin Yang twitterurl
Ohh, brother going reservist tomorrow. A fat SRB man. Hahahah. Confirm bsk kene tegur.
The story of a man and a bear twitterurl via twitterusername
OMG THIS MAN THIS RT??twitterusername tired of acting cheerful all the time???
If I late in school I'd rather not go to school man.
Mamma set it off today got some grown man shit to handle
Managed to get OPI The Man With the Golden Gun from twitterusername woohoo! ?? #opi #nailpolish twitterurl
Looking at old pictures I'm like "WTF am I thinking man?! " HAHA
"twitterusername A man's biggest mistake is giving Another man an opportunity to make his woman smile"
and what Danny said seriously is not what I did man....
Yang penting 3g boleh pakai call network kosong -.- what fuckery is this man
Yeahhhhhh getting killer pads tomorrow too!!! Awesome man can't wait to skate again!
(ST) Man charged for stealing 2 litres of cough syrup from a Tampines clinic twitterurl
Talking to EngKhang and Zongwei. HAHA it brings back alot of funny stuff man. HAHAHA.
"twitterusername im jogging now. like iron man. twitterurl ...oh u tempting me to steal those comics!!!
"twitterusername No girls likes another girl flirting with, texting, or calling her man. At all."
Love that mosque!!! RT twitterusername Off to baalwie mosque with twitterusername .. First time going there man ><
Just saw Johan Rajalawak with his wheelchair.pity him.he thumbs me up.goodluck man!
I don't take well to being ignored or rejected lol man diva
Stomach ache in the middle of sleeping so not cool man.
Wow, strong man. I can't go to work after coming back from overseas!
8am already relief Faci hvn take attendence, should have sleep more man!!
"twitterusername Don't miss Running man this week :)) 20th Jan. at 6PM(KST) twitterurl twitterurl
Is Siwon trying to make hae jealous lol "like iron man"
"twitterusername I have done all twitterurl it is fuckin true man
fuck man im 19 and ppl ask me to be their consultant
and I just remembered I've to take out my studs. awww man :(
twitterurl Justin Timberlake is back man with 'Suit & Tie' featuring Jay Z!
The rain makes me want to get married I'm gonna go man hunting soon
Korean police man uses instant messaging app to save 2 lives\
This man just said oh you an ozen cheerleader fresh and young ! Fucking perv
Not sure why that stupid man is not working. Pissing me off.
Watching running man omg I'm laughing although I've watched this before HAHAHAHAHA
I think Im getting a sore throat la fuck this man,
new running man episode coming out tomorrow with yonghwa and bell race :D #cantwait #ilovetuesdays
running man is a bundle of nerves when watching the guests being spotted
I seriously need to go for my haircut and not delay with it anymore man
i had a good idea last week and i totally forgot about it wtf man wtf
You can't take jokes? Well obviously you're the loser young man opppsss.
Falcons are fucking irritating man fire that dumb asss coach dawg ..!!!!!!
Shooting At Martin Luther King Jr. Parade Injures 1 Man In Mississippi twitterurl
This indian man , listening to music and dancing with the beat using his head ! ! ! ! Hahahaha !
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. - Martin Luther King Jr
[ST] Man jailed for negligently causing wife's death while drink driving twitterurl
4minute???s #HyunA seen with actor Hwang Jung Min on set of 'Running Man'   twitterurl
Man this flu is real good work out cause this cough is working out my abs!
Kenneth be making me hot , man I could punch the shit out this dude
War News Updates > President Obama`s Point Man Against Al Qaeda In Africa: \
It is so bloody stupid that deduct my CPF but not pay it. Wtf man.
"Now my baby's dancing.. but she's dancing with another man.." twitterurl
later reach home, can watch running man in peace ah! :D
Drawing naked man now.ok la..not literally naked cos the peeepeee is covered.
Talked to my big cousin Chatara, man I miss her &little Navae....
I really abhor impatient people. Its like woah,wtf man...dont u know to patient?
"twitterusername A real man sees beauty from within, not just the outside."
wooo, fighting between china man and india just now in the train.
One fucking man just 'oiiii' me in his deep voice as i walked pass him ??
"Bones of Contention: A Florida man???s curious trade in Mongolian dinosaurs." twitterurl #longreads
"You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself." [Galileo\
I hate KPOP but I love BigBang and watch Running Man.
See how close this man stands behind woman in skirt on train twitterurl
A happy relationship is when a man understands every word that his GF didn't say ({}) #kakbene
A happy relationship is when a man understands every word that his GF didn't say ({}) #kakmartha
"see the luck i had, can make a good man, turn bad."
Fk man. I swear no one can replace my bmt buddy!
Man I got you girl them hoes ain't up in our world
man....you make this song sounds good! Mikha buble (indo vers) - Lost
Anticipating the idea of going home later and watch running man!
No joke man... RT twitterusername Here's A Video Of Two Men Experiencing Labor Contractionstwitterurl
Self-built dialysis machine keeps Nanjing man alive for 13 years             twitterurl
Why tiffany alvord so ugly sia? Eeks, gonna have nightmare man.
We totally rock man! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and I were screaming throughout LOL
#ToMyFutureKids there was a time wheres most of everybody was addicted to running man.
Man I swear I just tried to kill this fucking animal dawg
Cutest Babies Contest: Kaelyn's flaps of skin make her look like the Michelin Man             twitterurl
Yeah ??twitterusername A boy will tell you he loves you. A man will show you.???
cc #AnakPakCikKassim RT twitterusername #IWishICould get a type of man that I want.
No work also auto wake up early..tiring man..Body pls sleep!
Shit man the 2nd Half was scary! Aston Villa creating a lot of scary chances eh :/
Last night, I finally kept twitterusername Thermaltake into the box. Man, it's heavy!
Ended up watching Running Man... Ok so not prepared for J2...
Paralysed man suing town council testifies from stretcher | The New Paper twitterurl
Man Fuck these bitchess ... Swear I care bout everything but these bitchess !
Don't you ever think that u r man you can do anything you want. Ok.
i need to chill out over running man and go to sleep but i can't
Police arrest man for committing obscene acts in public at Jurong West twitterurl
Back to basic. #nowplaying Christina Aguilera - Ain't No Other Man Lyrics Video by (null) twitterurl
I can't respect a man who'd put his girlfriend out like that. Smh.
Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food twitterurl
MAN ANA :'( RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ohh gyni ehh skrg :( tkpe2 :/
Damn that was a very heavy dinner. Two plates of rice.... yeah man!
Lmao!!! RT twitterusername aw man :( RT twitterusername aw ?? RT twitterusername Y'all not right for this ... twitterurl
mucore camera man really bad though not much close up on solos
??twitterusername Ok. Continue trying to lead me on. Continue man. Many claps to you.???
And epic moment when shaun shouted in the canteen like some mad man lolol ?
Man shouts at crying baby and refuses to get off bus even when police arrive twitterurl
Hahah . Today so fast man . Upgrade to phase 3 already ah ?
Man jailed for tearing open hundreds of items on supermarket shelves twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Spending the entire day with my man. So rare to find times like this. twitterusername :)
[INFO] Running Man members departed today to Macau. Flight departure time 08:00 (via SpartAceCouple,Mante7)
Morning! Just finished watching the Liverpool vs Man City highlights. Craaazy game!!!
Man charged with giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped twitterurl
Hopefully its not anything that will take too much time....wanna meet my bros man...
??twitterusername Really dont feel like going to work today .??? Everyone Hates work man.
When I was a young man, couldn't wait to get big
Only the first week of the month im already broke. Dafug man.
aww man. that would be cool. running around school w bells & nametags doing missions. dayum.
omg i laugh like siao just now while watching running man.
Thinkin Bout My Wifey. . . Man I Know She Proud Of Me #DCMG
"Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you"
Mr Mah Bow Tan, the man with immense talent?? twitterurl #OpPopulation
calm your tits man utd fans, still got another 45 mins.
Man Utd must not be complacent for the upcoming matches. Dnt want last season to repeat
Now, Man U go 12 points clear on top of the table. Yeah #GGMU!!!
"twitterusername How the fuck did Southampton beat Man City ??!" 2-0 all
Man, twitterusername is getting out of hand. It will never compare to #SGSecrets. Just saying.
(CNA|sg) Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus twitterurl
??twitterusername Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus twitterurl
Going to watch Man Utd vs Everton later at 12am. If i'm not sleepy.
Man u 12 points lead.. Karaoke after that til 5 plus.. N heading home now..
Frank Ocean Looking Like "Man I Wanted To Get Next To Prince" lol
Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl
Phil Jones and the art of man-marking twitterurl - good read.
Fuck a girl in every single day.How strong you are man?Thumbs up
"A real man achievement is when he makes his woman squirt,not orgasm"
AsiaClassifiedToday: Balvant Parekh, India's Fevicol Man, Dies - Forbes: ForbesBalvant Parekh... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Mesti banyak tgk man vs wild RT twitterusername Australian teen survives nine weeks in wild twitterurl
Oh man so much for wanting to gym in the morning today x.x
the twitterusername interview with the running man PD was really interesting
Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death twitterurl
[INTERVIEW]  ???Running Man??? producer interviewed on producing for the show + explains the best (cont) twitterurl
Hahahah she likes her vehicle (black car) like her man hahahahhahaha scott on kim
Man I'm out of energy my leg is falling of me
"It is not death that a man should fear, he should fear never beginning to live." \
yeah you & your lies to cover up all those bullshits that you did, fuck off man.
Man in India sets up school under bridge for poor children and teaches for free             twitterurl
Old man are like practical Hur? Ok, he's not that old though. :/
!!! RT twitterusername [RunningManinAsia] Running Man will be heading to Macau and Hanoi for filming.
Chilling yo assassin creed!! RT twitterusername twitterusername chill bro, cheer up macho man!
okay lah seriously i give up on home ec man cb HAHAHAHAHA
Gold-crazy businessman is India's 'Man with the Golden Shirt' twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
i've never gotten lower than a fucking A for presentations before. this is bullshit man.
The man who cant be moved by The script is the best song of the century!!
lolol??twitterusername Woah der!! ??twitterusername I'm gonna miss class cuz I'm helpin my grandma fuck man :(??????
want the poster man. can someone grab one of Hyuk's for me. >_<
Car misses man by inches -- before going up in flames twitterurl
Man jailed nine months for sexually abusing 13-year-old girl twitterurl
There's a camera man with a giant camera interviewing people or something
It's raining is raining is pouring the old man is sleeping ??
Man guilty of raping and trying to murder neighbours' maid twitterurl
I wish the whole Running Man Crew come to Singapore. Daebak Singapore!
Gonna drift off awhile at 10:30. It's Tuesday man! My Tuesday crimenight! #CSIMIAMI
13 chapters tested i'm only done with 2 yay good job man ??
My future depends on the following month exam. Scary shit man.
Man arrested for stealing over $800 worth of alcoholic beverages twitterurl
This is it!!! XD Iron Man 3 - Extended Super Bowl Spot (HD): twitterurl via twitterusername
If I could see your face once more, I could die a happy man, I'm sure.
Wah, now that programming thing really is the key man! Really hope won't kena worst scenario.
The last time I touched & played my guitar was in 2010. Man, 3 years already. Haiyayai!!!
Man, like freaking seriously , so nervous. Ya Allah . Give me strength , patience & focus mentality. Please..
Please be my baby "twitterusername "twitterusername ??I got a boy" i dont need a man"
??twitterusername WTF?! Man tattoos name on woman's face then proposes to her! [PHOTOS] twitterurl twitterusername
JUST reached home and cousin asking me out NOW to changi. Dafug man
Who is that someone ? ??? Someone is a man, 19..attracted me..i like him twitterurl
Happy 20th ian! See you soon man, enjoi your birthday. Love you twitterusername
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #Dubai Business Transformation Services (BTS) Principle Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Waiting for Ah Boys to Man cast to perform ... Faster faster ~
My favorite part from #SYJAFMUSICVIDEO man you're good at dancing twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Lot one looks so scary and quiet at this hour. RUNNING MAN LA SIA
Turun punggol haahah RT ??twitterusername Anyone wanna slack? Fuckin bored man???
Soton vs Man City, a great match worth staying up for.
ugh i spent so much money last night. im fucking losing in life man
Watching #ESPN. My Granddad on my mind heavy...he was a GREAT MAN!!!
U wanna educate me with that tone and  angry way? Think again old man
No photo effect... Me with a lovely talented Scottish man wearing kilt... #Scotland #Edinburgh #Castle?? twitterurl
Tori Kelly-Dear No One >>>>> like she's singing for me man. She be knowing.
I cant hear man, this guy next to me wont stop singing! #HangYouUp
??twitterusername United draw with Man Utd? Neh not gonna happen. Hala Madrid!!!??? YOU OKAY OR NOT?
??twitterusername Do i look faithful or a player ???? PLAYER being honest man :/
Drank a glass of tiger & a glass of Heineken only. Working later man
?? ??twitterusername How I got muscular arms but I got man boobs n a gut smh ?????????????
Perangai emo seh man. Hahaha.  It's ok bro. I'll think up of something
[CNA] Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence twitterurl
So this man killed somebody else today??? This nigga ain't playing no games!!
Wtf man, don't needa RT every single tweet to reply 'em right, siao -.-
Sleeping after dinner then wake up at 3.30 and study while watching Man U ham
Thai man jailed for lese-majeste over Australian news footage twitterurl
Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road twitterurl #Singapore
Thank the man up top for waking us all up this morning
Man pleads not guilty in online sex scam that led to suicide twitterurl
People who hates korean but like to watch Running Man. I don't understand them.
Been on my bed the whole day. Nothing beats this man.
?? RT twitterusername 9 people playing running man at 3am at mbs, quite yolo huh twitterurl
HAPPY BDAY twitterusername !!!! Wish ya all the best in life man =) God bless!
[PICS] Running Man EPI 137 - Princess with PABO twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
Waking up and having a body ache ah dammit nt cool man
Man walking on streets of Shenzhen gets swallowed up by sinkhole twitterurl
most of girls i know...they like kpop,watching running man and other korean thingy :(
This sun G.I Joe. Next month iron man 3. This is why I love my workplace.
A woman is supposed to bring the good outta her man.
When a man has lost all happiness, he"s not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.\
Story of my life man! #TheStruggle "twitterusername I'm always losing stuff"
I think i look like a rich man. Someone approach me to appy credit card
Man stops robber on the run -- but for something you won't expect\
Well done! Army serviceman earns praise for stopping to help handicapped man\
"twitterusername Jackie Chan come to entertaint Running Man. It's getting intereting and interesting"
Does women really know when man look at her boobs? Even she's not seeing it? #SoalanSerius
So cool man seeing this japan uncle making those red moon wallets
?It takes a man and a woman and one magic moment to know they're in heaven?
Best chicken chop ever! Since i was a child man! #instaplace #instaplaceapp #instagood #travelgram?? twitterurl
??twitterusername Yeah The Mad Hatter handsome !!!??? mad hatter or man hatter ? ??
Shall sleep early tonight! No Running Man ugh long important week ahead
Free ice cream from Awfully Chocolate after work mmmmm this is the bomb man #fatboy
Cb got monkeys starting to come outside my house scary shit man!!
??twitterusername 10 bucks on ciggs isnt worth it man let's stop smoking people???
It is not possible for a man to be elegant without a touch of femininity
[LINK] Running Man Episode 139 English subs with Guests Go Ahra and Lee Yeonhee twitterurl (twitterusername
Ohhh yay. Gonna watch before sleep lol. "twitterusername Running Man Episode 139 English subs twitterurl
LOL RT twitterusername twitterusername dude I was laughing picturing you in that scene man
Did ba score ? Oh fuck ... Come on man U , come on twitterusername !
"twitterusername COME'ON LA MAN-U D:" Look who's leading now! Hahaha!!!
Chelsea goal ? Dear Man U fans chill up huh.Dont be too emotional.Still lots of time.
Dad showed me the lineup for Man U starting Xll. And...
Dive! Dive! Dive! RT twitterusername Young is on, penalty for Man Utd coming?
Man Utd have a lot of mistakes but recover it well
"twitterusername My unglam picture is everywhere on Instagram. Thanks alot man!"
Second leg fight balik uh Man United. Please uh menang uh
I wanna watch running man , YLBFB. White collar so many more leh....
omg jessica filming running man again! yay but when will tiffany appear
Weather is killing me man. Tsktsk. #instasg #instapic #instamood #instacool #instagood #instadaily?? twitterurl
Can people just stop abusing public transport drivers. I feel worried for my dad man.
They're not an easy target. And only real man stay and fight.
FB post accusing man of raping 17 women in Jurong is unsubstantiated, says Police twitterurl
stop acting like a pussy and behave like a man, idiot.
When I was young, I wanna be an emo kid. Lol what was I thinking man.
Just ended watching Iron Man 2! Really can't wait for the 3rd movie!
U can always tag me ? RT twitterusername Man, but JNR is so hot :(
Miss my red hair which everybody was like omg so red man :(
The power of media. A unknown man became popular just because he's popular.
Man convicted of raping 13-year-old is impotent: Urologist twitterurl
Woah seriously man. I am the best. I brought the wrong book home to study. Eyyyyyyyyyy.
At supermarket with mum.. Oooooooooo mum's gonna give me 100! Ooooooo new shoe man~
Close the day with watching running man.. Wooooow jonghyun oppa, sarangahe??
Omggg Stupid Elizabeth is going to lawson concert ): I wanna go too man ):
fb & ig newsfeed full with pictures of cupcakes.. what isss thissss man?!! :(
AsiaClassifiedToday Local Nissan, Mazda vehicles not affected by global airbag recall - Man... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Man in recession-hit Italy catches thief - then gives him a job twitterurl
When I was your man - Bruno Mars #nowplaying #goodsong #guy #guyshouldhearthis
He does all the things you shouldve done when you were my man twitterurl
Wanderlust is such a cool boutique hotel man damn I wanna stay there one day
"twitterusername twitterusername any movie recommendation or not?" hehep. watch. tall man.
"Marry him! He is 'The man'." Still feeling good from these words.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Donegal man in Singapore as part of UCC Masters programme - Donegal Democra... twitterurl #asia #google
Feeling so sick and weak but still can't sleep. Shall watch running man.
Ref mcm tak betul je, asik Man United kene foul je. Come on uh ref.
Laugh all you want Man City players. Ain't nobody got time for that bitches memes.
Wah i swear man going to all these camps can lose weight sia.
not that I want to say but...man keep those bullcrap to yourself.
AsiaClassifiedToday Taiwan activists praise ??tree-top??? man - twitterurl Times o... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
[NEWS] 'Running Man' enters the animal kingdom in next week's preview twitterurl
Lmao We Just Got Here & This Man Joe Already Killed Three Glasses . ?????????????? twitterurl
#WTF RT twitterusername Man tries to take photo of beaver; it kills him twitterurl via twitterusername
Alltop RSS > Man Asks Strangers If He Can Instagram the Food Their Eating twitterurl #photography
A man stabbed his wife, leaving her gut exposed! Click for full story.\
Cup noodles had soo much msq my lips are burning man
To many people dying an getting shot, I really pray everybody be safe this summer man
You are a grown ass man. Please explain to me why you have a snot nose.
This weekend, reward yourselves for surviving the week with a man-sized #breakfast. twitterurl #mynicehome #recipe
Catch mouth-watering Man City vs Tottenham match at Sunway Giza twitterurl
Indonesian man slits throats of family, sleeps among bodies twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Watching an old epi of Running Man with parents and abang on tv ^^
Now I know what you're talking about ;( I feel you man . twitterusername
I needa cook someday. Been deep frying these frozen nuggets, chickens and stuff. Not good man!
Congrats Man Mayang for winning the Tokyo Auto Saloon Singapore overall champion !!!!
Fucking TP mentors are gonna tp the whole chalet man. #TOILETPAPER
This nigga baby shad snoring like a old white fat man lol
Aiseh someone just sang when i was your man lah seehhhh weeeweeetttt
Man Attacked and Killed by the Beaver He Was Trying to Photograph twitterurl #photography
Can't even play music anymore wow what the fuck what man what
You can just jump off the building and fucking die man.
Man U ltk 4 attacking players pon score maseh 1-0 je...
heard that bodit  lil girl lia heck sucked you up ??? Naa man. twitterurl
Best soccer player in school? ??? Dinish Sheager of course, talented young man twitterurl
Size of a cup is small man! Eat more papya ??? LOL OK................... twitterurl
Night jog time with my fav man for recovery!! #love #latenight #baby hxikxl twitterurl
To much! Man props legs up on bus seat, blasts music and laughs to himself       \
I saw tony perry talking to himself on my tl r u ok man...
If I play running man every week, I think I will slim down. Hahah'
Close to 4am and im eating maggi whilst watching man u play;) twitterurl
To be fair, West Ham played well to prevent Man U scoring more goals...
#Free #Kindle #4: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
Man I'm not bout to be waiting on her all night lol
Man I'm going to the doctor they giving me some sleeping pills.
I'm watching with twitterusername The Amazing Spider-Man (2012) twitterurl #IMDb #nowwatching
Im the bra thief! :3 ??? You need to see a doctor man twitterurl
[ST] Body of man in his 60s found in Kallang River twitterurl
Today Was Shole Going Good Too Man , Then It Just Went Down Hill
Man pleads guilty to threatening to kill #Britain's Prince Harry twitterurl
Man drives Porsche, but took very long to make a turn. #fail
Nak pasang wifi at my house. Cannot tahan man haha I can't play FIFA online
??twitterusername twitterusername text me man u seem.so down i.gotta make u smile!??? Nah she good !!
[ST] Unemployed man gets three years' jail, caning for molesting daughter twitterurl
Mysterious naked man leaves Australian police baffled twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Man south Africa seems nice but I don't wanna take an injection
I am never able to see myself with a man in the future..
Man I'm lost ...I just buy both songs then done ....OF COURSE WE LOVE YA
"twitterusername Myboyfriend not allowed .. to go outside horny or hungry"no man should oss
Oh man received the glittery phone stickers but can't put them on yet.
lookin at these kids playing hide and seek brings me back to younger days man.
Was it me or does Mohany Anwar looks like pecah man whore? So trashy!!! Yuccck!
Why am I laughing so hard this is funny I can't. [Man Boxing with Kangaroo] twitterurl
It's hard to be a man but I'm doing all I can
Heard you and my mom got into a car accident hahaha twitterusername take care man
Celebs Peggy Heng and Xavier Ong give an old man a McDonalds' treat \
Man jailed for damaging windscreen of car in a road rage incident twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for damaging windscreen of car in a road rage incident twitterurl
Photoset: namelessstreets: Louis CK nailing it every time. Bless this man. twitterurl
"Heaviness in the heart of man makes it stoop: but a good word makes it glad."
The sense of security only a man (not a boy) can give.
Get V Selveraj to leave and bring in a quality manager man
"twitterusername The average man spends about 1 year of his life staring at women." twitterusername hahaha
that camera man did a good job at shooting at paruru when sae made her speech
Now You See Me. After Earth. Man of Steel. Monster comel tuuu................ Hmm :-(
Alamak friday 9 also train crowded!!! I'm buying a proper car soon man
Our Founding Fathers respected the dignity of a man. A #surveillance state doesn't. #Prism #FAIL #BigBrother
Wa.. If like that her kokoro can shatter then mine will fragmentalize man...
What are your favourite foods and drinks? ??? Idk man alot twitterurl
Man Im getting old barely made it out alive! Brother's too quick. #CaptureTheFlag
Happy Birthday Old Man twitterusername ^^ Waiting for you to come back #Happy31stLeeteukDay #????????????????????????????? #HappyTheBestLeaderSJDay
wah this man"twitterusername Hope july can be a rich month:-)"
Shit my teeth ache after drinking ice water. Since when I got sensitive teeth man.
Man I fucking let shit people say eat me away all day #iHateBeingWrong
I have died everyday waiting for you Moyes. BUY SOMEBODY GOOD FOR MAN UTD PLS.
Technically i guess yes.. RT twitterusername twitterusername You transform into a man, is that possible?
Old man dies after Indonesian actor 'runs into him with his Ducati'   twitterurl twitterurl
Man I can't get my day started this heat making me weak.
I wanna bake with Sabrina one fine day... At her house. It's gonna be fun man.
Loving my Longchamp man bag. For day trips n stuff! :-)) twitterurl
Rajin betul DS balas tweet semua orang even though he's a busy man. Respect.
man im used to it idec lol RT"twitterusername twitterusername i straight stole ya tweet lol"
Man of my life looking all savagely seductive. Steven Edward Duren. <3 twitterurl
when i was your man;AHHHHH i love bruno mars song nt him.
Ladies and Gentlemen! The delicious Golden Laduree macron! Wah man.. twitterurl
If I were a boy, I swear I'll be a better man~~~
Woke up late miss the horse racing oh man got scolded life ~'~
ballsack la my voice is gone i rly sound like a man
I'll literally rip all the iron man related shirts off their shelves
Body aching like crazy man, don't feel like going to school tmr but I have to ??
Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral - Yahoo! News Singapore twitterurl
Yehh, my lunch is ready and watching running man ep 146
"twitterusername twitterusername you can do it bro!" yeah man ,everybody look up to you Goodluck!
Watching the machinist and wondering how the fuck did that guy get to play bat man???
omg they play Man Who Can't Be Moved!!!!!! aaah The Script aaaah
Hais kena force to watch running man from the first episode twitterurl
#69FactsAboutMe watch running man all day all night all the time
1h40 min traveling to and fro work almost everyday.tis is tiring man.
Lets be realistic man. How can a 2000HP character kill a 50000HP monster.
IDFC MAN IN SO HAPPY ??twitterusername twitterusername Hoi! stop spamming my TL!!! btw, Kris wink???
Don't look in the toilet mirror also later, got something behind you. Look like oily man.
I play this song over and over I love the beat man.
[ST] Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue twitterurl
??twitterusername Running Man was AWESOME. I mean every episode is AWESOME isn't it????
Man throwing concrete at hotel says zombies were chasing him - twitterurl
This fucking indian lady kept pushing me fuck off and you stink man omg
I don't understand ke$ha's fashion. Like whatsup with her man?
Russia refuses to hand over ex-CIA man Snowden, calls US criticisms 'ravings and rubbish' twitterurl
got one private number keep callin me. idk who u man. missed a few times:P
Drama over Hello kitty: Police called in after man creates scene during queue twitterurl twitterurl
Hello Kitty drama continues: Another man creates scene at McDonald's twitterurl twitterurl
I dribble like neymar, bechkam, harper, diego milito. No one can ever beat me man.
Drama over Hello Kitty: Police called in after man creates scene during queue twitterurl
The heck man! This freaking guy ask for $ wtf. Hell no! Scary as shitz.
Man of Steele w/ housemates (@ Alamanda Shopping Centre w/ twitterusername twitterurl
Amazing man-made structures that will take your breath away twitterurl twitterurl
Man linked to hacker group Anonymous pleads guilty to hacking US law enforcement websites twitterurl
Can askfm people stop asking me abt dicks and masturbation. Fuck man :( im scared
"No man can ever end with being superior who will not begin with being inferior."\
Ended futsal. Man tiring but alhamdulilah, scored a goal at the last seconds. :)
No fear whatsoever. I live like a man that died 20 years ago.
everytime i see their performance in man in love, both of them smile so awkwardly
Indonesian man treated for dengue dies; likely contracted dengue from overseas twitterurl via twitterusername
so who's that man who was complaining at the manager over kitties?
FULL STORY: Elderly man is third person to die of dengue this year twitterurl
[CNA] 86-year-old man dies from dengue; third death this year twitterurl
My Big Bby Had Me Dying Last Night. They Some Fools Man ! Lol
Stop being a bitch ... man up .. that's a piece of cake! #Note2Self
Unemployed man jailed 2 months for threatening to post naked videos of ex-wife twitterurl
I'm getting butterflies and jitters as I head down. Zomg what is this man!?!
man i wanna try travelling alone some time but probably die of boredom
Khairah pls. "twitterusername : twitterusername ok shush! pay attention to muh cute man!"
Online vice ring case: Businessman is 12th man to be charged twitterurl twitterurl
Just finish watching running man ep 145, booo law of the jungle!!!!!
Time to watch Running Man and take a nap after that ! ??
US man finds $6-million lottery ticket in cookie jar twitterurl
Rise and shine ! The early bird catches the worm, the early man get the roti canai !
Man takes his 15-year-old dog on one last amazing journey (PHOTOS) twitterurl
Man jailed for helping out in family vice business twitterurl twitterurl
Man in rape case 'was framed by younger brother': Lawyer twitterurl twitterurl
Atlast.managed to pass my one man cpr after so many attempts.pengsan!!!!
the iron man opening song has given me a good impression
Better APA format that guy. RT twitterusername Copyrighted email? shit is going down man
Shit man forgot to withdraw money and I'm gonna be late!
"twitterusername #nowplaying The Man Who Sold Malaysia -> twitterusername nirvana version malaya
lol we want be buying them I eat like a grown man
"twitterusername Shall drop at tai Seng and meet man . And go back together ." Mna
Naa: " Yeah it can't be closed. " Repair man: " CLOSED???? " HAHAHAHAHAHAH. #insidejoke #missingegypt ... twitterurl
"I wanna marry a virgin." "Well hurry up man, Mother Teresa aint getting any younger."
When man cooperates with the Holy Spirit, its when the magic happens!:)
I think I've gotta stop eating alot alr man, am like gettin' chubbier each day ??
Aha needed something to cheer me up so I watched Kevin Hart. Made my night man.
"i just cant stop loving you" THIS IS CUTE AWW MAN
is it me or pink have this electric kind of voice, man she is goooooood
Man I'm loving this 1 character focus per episode thingies. #AD2013
Man charged with murder of British soldier in London to appear in court today twitterurl
Lecture is a bore man. How do we see invisible number?
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Job done.
#policeman #uniform #instadaily #man #Eurasian #Asia #Asian #SG @ Tanglin Police Division HQ / Kampong?? twitterurl
I spend 1 hour on youtube watching maximbady's video omg that man is so sick hahaha
[Topix] Man jailed for helping others to get visit passes for their "wives'' twitterurl
You're so funny man! Hahaha. RT twitterusername twitterusername But just one hand to facepalm.
Leaving the door ajar so in case the delivery man comes, I can hear him well.
Shall watch running man while lying on my bed later heh
#1 - A handsome goalkeeper. Haha, good luck for your upcoming LCC matches man
Too Much To Drink: Man Arrested For Driving Pickup Into Ocean twitterurl via twitterusername
"Eh move on lah" it's easier said than done man. Seriously. Hah
Man City have revealed the signing of Jesus Navas from Sevilla.
a lone battle. just a minute is enough to destroy me. awwww man.
i hate it man thanks to those people rwho go campak bag psh
Ex-CIA man blew whistle on US??? spying on citizens twitterurl
Waaaa mummy bought for me man of steel shirt from batam seh
Im like draining my energy walking around man. Should just get my necessities~
Seriously man. Every time when I see her I don't like her even more.
Leg still feel jelly after that workout just now.. Walking like some old man now lol..
Events ended. Man what a tiring day but was a success.
Wtf. I swear man my classmate is so weird and annoying.
??twitterusername Man haunted by trauma of sawing off woman???s hand to save her twitterurl
Something is seriously wrong with my English paper 1 man. What's wrong w me -_-
That's my man twitterusername right there ! Explaining #tite2013 like a menteri! Haha twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Office bullying video sparks outcry in Singapore: Parents of man allegedly abused... twitterurl #singapore
What's your all time fave movie? ??? Charlie St Cloud Iron Man. There's quite alot twitterurl
Chinese man pays S$500,000 for racing pigeon, setting a new world record  twitterurl
Chelsea vs Man City, tomorrow morning at 8:30am (SG time)
Garfield whom Haliza calls the "old man from SARS era". Yes, still going strong!\
Bring out the bottles // Redfoo. Man i love this song, makes me so high!
thinking about the shit I'll do if I become famous and man am I hilarious
Schizophrenic Chinese man kept in family-made cage for over a decade (Photo: AFP) twitterurl twitterurl
Watching Zaha last match for Crystal Palace b4 returning to Man Utd
Man who gets stuck in McDonald's child seat and other embarrassing situations twitterurl twitterurl
Man who gets stuck in McDonald's child seat and other embarrassing situations\
I thought I saw an old man walking a pigeon um
What type of man are you if cant stop talking shit about your girl ?
Someone, anyone please get this weak ass nigga that is Rasheeda man cause TUH
Dangerous for elderly man to climb road divider to cross in Sengkang twitterurl twitterurl
put the phone to the side and focus on running man.
Like seriously man,spoil my mood in the middle of the night-.-
Man steals item from unattended bag at airport -- using ballpoint pen twitterurl twitterurl
what?! ??? 66-year old man finds out he is a woman twitterurl via twitterusername
idk man I just really want to leave everything and go on a scrubs marathon
Need to find a convenient toilet to take a schmit man...
"twitterusername wow man..... i've gt the worst dream ever" cnfm dream ayam goreng chasing you HAHAHA
Hbis mak kau? Zzzz "twitterusername "Behind every success man there's always a women" . Haha ya right -_-"
Man uses phone -- while riding on speeding car's bonnet and roof twitterurl twitterurl
Naseb turun bus sia coz another 188 arrived just nice man.
it should be illegal for man to wear REALLY short shorts
Aigoo all the food in Running Man Ep 148 makes me wanna go to Korea.
Playing running man in the airport is probably the best feeling.
I let you know, no one support your music even your own hood man :)
At a somekind of 'Zoo' now, it's freezing here man twitterurl
If you are a man. Just be strong and be confident. Things will never go wrong.
No fuck all that,  I want a nigga "twitterusername twitterusername go for a white man"
My man is an anti-social. Haha. He's not quite friendly lol.
We are like the middle man looking at each other while they are debating:X twitterusername
Fking hell. Muffler kena bleach. never gonna use any of my merch anymore, man twitterurl
Disappointing overall result. We should have won it for the man up there....
Luckily I have my Running Man to keep my focus out on all these retards.
No girl wants you? So many girls are hoping man. ??? Nonsense lah, where got hahah twitterurl
When a man is wrong and won't admit it, he always gets angry.
Any recommendations for karang guni man? Need to clear my house of all funiture soon.
Man, 20, slashed by cousin and friend with 'watermelon knife' twitterurl
would bad breath stop u from fuckin yo man in da morning ??? hahaha idk twitterurl
#Sales #Job alert: Director EMEA FSI Risk Man... | SAP | #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu... twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
[NEW POST] 4000 Fans Became 'One Night Running-Man' in HongKong Fan Meeting! twitterurl
Tired Monday without doing any work and I'm just too sleepy & ended with running man show.
I bet there's gonna be tonnes of people wearing man u jersey today in sch..
Congrats to Man U for winning their 20th league title. I still hate you guys. ?? #champ20ns
Splitting headache. slept at 5, woke up at 8. what is freaking wrong with me man??
Man admits to killing GF's 3-year-old son twitterurl twitterurl
Last blog entry dated 8 April. Man that seems so long ago.
Iron Man 3 coming out tmr ?  cant wait to watch it with my bros next week!
#QuoteYourTeacher "I am a white man in America. You literally cannot hurt my feelings."
teachers that cool, teaching subjects like this... it aint right man.
Oh man, this episode of #PartsUnknown is making me crave for Korean food so badly now!!
What happened to Madrid man. I thought the match would be a draw or something hmm
danial gets to hold girls' butts evry cca training wow thats... like heaven man
The sweat from today uh?? Really cannot tank man. Was literally dripping all over the place ><
The classic stories like cinderella all change to man . I wonder how it looks like.
Premier of Iron Man 3D . Fuck this going to be awesome .
I need to get away from my phone for just one day man..
Change to phone. Wanna watch Running Man, see me in a minute.
You girls are drinking beer?? Oh man.. How time flies.. :O twitterusername twitterusername
Upcoming big games in BPL this weekend: Merseyside derby & of course, Man U v Chelsea...
, knowing me? im going make my mah man break pockets tonight
Oh man, just tell me he's the one for me already ?
A man with a silver wing is always near the sky twitterusername twitterurl
shld I study or watch running man damn such a hard choice
I'm serious man.. I think I laugh until I no voice liao ????????
Feel like watching Iron Man 3 for a second time tomorrow ??
fuck you people don't buy all the damn Iron Man 3 tickets
Man in online vice ring case fails to prove statement made under threat twitterurl
Fuck it man! instead of telling me you prefer to tweet it out.
[CNA] Man in online vice ring case fails to prove statement made under threat twitterurl
[HD] 130505 Running Man Jihyo and Gary Pepero Game CUT: twitterurl via twitterusername <333
Man arrested for leaving unknown substances on MRT train twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
India Rape Shame: 70-year-old man arrested for raping a 7-year-old girl:  twitterurl
Finally! Iron Man with my Samsung colleagues whom I miss!! applehearts trncch twitterusername twitterurl
Watching iron man 3 with family at GV jurong point at 9.25pm.
Updating the iphone like finally but its taking forever. O_o Come on man..
VIDEO: Playing flute to escape death camp: How flute-playing helped this man escape execution twitterurl
man quit lyin ??twitterusername That shit sucked. ??twitterusername it ain't bullshit! it was the freak show ????????????????????
Shit man wrote wrong format for English cuz I didn't see letter SHITZU
Man tosses toddler into the air repeatedly at Bedok kopitiam - twitterurl - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan tos... twitterurl
anybody haven't watch iron man 3 wanna go watch with meeee :-(
EDAAAAAAAN MAUUUUUUU BUAT KE TEATEEEEERRRR!!! #eh RT twitterusername Iron Man Stealth Armor IV twitterurl
A charming man shut his eyes and shut his mouth. #beautysleep HAHAHA
I shall perfect On & On first before learning Man In Love. Wanna learn tgt twitterusername ? :-)
extremely bummed that shaw stops showing Iron Man 3 exactly on 16th May
That's a headline you don't see everyday : Man sexually abused his peacock, cops say twitterurl
Dear lord when I get to heaven.//Please let me bring my man.
??twitterusername I hear the angels talking, now I'm a dead man walking.???
for some reason i'm anticipating this year's birthday probably because of Iron Man 3 :D
Now my baby's doing assignment, but she's doing assignment with another man..........
I knew it, running man team lost! This is all because of Ji Suk Jin! ??
And iron man dk what thing is that! LOL. Don't uds when he says that.
STOMP - Singapore Seen - See how man attempts to touch other guys on train: twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Man gets 20 years in Somali terror investigation - The Straits Times - ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Soyuz space capsule carrying 3-man space crew returns safely to Earth twitterurl
I do not see why man should not be just as cruel as nature. -Adolf Hitler
PICTURES: Soyuz space capsule carrying 3-man space crew returns safely to #Earth twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername ICG is fun man!" Ya! But the exams killed my mood already
running man cast.. well.. two of them to be at zouk for fanmeeting lol. zouk? k.
Man City beat Reading 2-0, the match which mostly NOBODY cares...
??twitterusername Have a great day , take care : ) twitterusername you too man :-))
fucking stressed over lga. shall open a bag of chips and indulge man.
Don't tell your other man, he is not part of the plan
Man, that F1 Racing cover... What on earth is that trainwreck?
when i was your man by bruno mars cover by Amirul Faiz. hihi. #cover #song  twitterurl
Michael Tse outraged at man who claims to be his manager  twitterurl twitterurl
A man with his hairband and a tired-as-fuck face will be spotted in sgh.
Fuck man, so long sia! This bus ride! 1hour plus already!  ??
Really glad I found Declan after 11 years. Now his name really rings a bell man.
Having eye bags was bad enough. But damn that picture to neverland man,
Surviving dengue probably brings all the chicks homebase man this guy. twitterusername
Yeah man, gonna give my best shot! you to brother! RT twitterusername twitterusername Sunday all out ?
Can't watch my Man Utd match later. 3am. Why don't want play during the weekend sia.
Pre running man warm up with breakfast at kopitiam after morning prayer! twitterusername beautifulinhistime?? twitterurl
Hatrickkk RvPersie !! You're too good man !! Well done ! #GGMU! #WeAreUnited #ManchesterIsRed twitterusername
LOL "twitterusername "twitterusername Loading Man Utd's 20th Premier League Title: ??????????????????] 100% Complete"YES!!!!"
??twitterusername twitterusername Awww man! Thanks bro! Appreciate it!??? you're welcome bro! see you real fucking soon!
[ST] Man jailed for pocketing $1.15m meant for ship purchase twitterurl
ghetto children, do your thing! Hold your head up, little man, you're a king #NAS
If I were to go he would fucking repeat the whole thing again. Fml man
T shirt pantz and shoe . Being a man is easy :D
??twitterusername twitterusername you're skating at khatib????? yeah man but im gg off soon.
im gonna shave all my facial hair and get a fade :( its too hot man
Everyone on my TL seems to be gushing over Iron Man 3. Really good?\
Man dies after accidentally falling into a meat blender in a US factory twitterurl
Listening to Signum's Lumi set. This man, blows the roof off with his classics n tracks!
school is just stressing me out this few weeks idk man im gonna die
GUYS! Go download Iron Man 3 game! Fuuhhh graphic and the game-play just amazing!
everything will be alright my bro! gonna miss you man sigh twitterusername TakJumpaRindu <3
Is Ariel Marc Yep your best friend ? ??? Yea man, they're all really amazing! twitterurl
Am i the only one who hasn't seen Iron Man 3
Sending parents back and off to AMK Cathay with sis & BIL for Iron Man 3 ??
everyone on my IG feed lost their moms recently. you gotta be grateful man
??twitterusername Today stats: one new follower and 2 new unfollowers via twitterurl 1-2 Man Utd
if he a baller??? .. just know, I'm his #?1? fan!!!!???????? at every game, supporting my man????
holy fuck this show gives me the chill all over the place, man #shingeki
miss A - I don't need a man, ???? - ?? ?? ? ??, Music Core 20121103: twitterurl via twitterusername
3B having chalet this June hols.... haiser man, a lot of plannings to do now..
I wanna marry with someone like this man!! ?? , really jealous pepper~ ?????? #tonystark #ironman3 twitterurl
Sorry. I'm laughing at Arsenal. RT twitterusername RETWEET if you're laughing at Man City.
[!!!!] Wooyoung has changed his Twitter name to THE MAN and profile to "I DON'T CARE"  twitterurl
running man later then continue watching hotel transylvania then maybe going out later with le pren.
Watching the highlights and seeing Wigan beat man city does my heart good
Got this wierd wierd uncle call me ?? WTF he's squatting on the chair man ._.
8am classes on a Monday. What the fuck did I do wrong this time man
From small ur attitude like tht liao damn hard to change isit? I pity u man!
Gonna stay away from twitter till everyone is straight. THE WORLD IS UP SIDE DOWN MAN!
the night is not young man. the night is so bahang -.-
??twitterusername Time for the man representing the #PureTrance movement: ???Please??? by twitterusername (twitterusername remix) #ASOT609 #ASOTWAO138???
Im getting three hit in the morning, man this herb hit me hard till im elevating
Starting tomorrow and the very next days. Im a free man. ?
Knocked hard in the head man. ???? Fucking blur on the pitch after being knocked.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.
Man my throb so damn fast right now it's impossible to handle at this moment.
is she sobbing to herself or is she about to barf idek man wat
Man Geoffrey Granz Mookie. You are AWESOME. Definitely deserve a record deal!
man I wish it was hot out here my ass need some color in my life!
The struggle of finding a good weed man around these suburban parts *sighs*
fck man my laptop still hv this issue of watching stream...watching on tablet instead =_=
AWWW man this weather is making me lazy to go show choir.
Period? ?? ??twitterusername Fuck! I'm on a period! :( feel like killing myself man!???
Watching iron man last night on macbook till 3am. Movie was awsome!
Holiday is wasting your day, your full time for watching running man!!!!
The man who cant be move is forever on of the best song in my heart
[ST] Man convicted for beating up girlfriend's children, drug offences and rioting twitterurl
Sadly, I'm not the person that I used to be man. Oh Cmon
"twitterusername Jum tgk running man now" hahaha! Didnt know you watch also
Watch this video: Robert Downey Jr. surprises PAL kids at 'Iron Man 3' screening  twitterurl
scrolling down timeline and people are spending their ph watching running man ??
From bin Laden to Boston: Killing the man proved easier than killing his ideology. twitterurl
fuck it man! Almost done with ma first verse! :) twitterusername better work with your second verse! :)
??twitterusername Off to watch iron man 3 with twitterusername and twitterusername yay??? bo jio sial
Little man big tummy . Lol RT twitterusername I ate 1 hour ago. Now I'm hungry again.
Iron man 3! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername  twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Running man ep 143 is out! Feat the legend of variety... ????
Guilty ???? RT twitterusername Man me, Courtney and Katrina got PUSHED up there
[ST] Man fined for giving false info about kidnapping to police twitterurl
leon's paperclip is so fucking huge man look at the scale of it twitterurl
Its not your fault when I get another man a chance to walk in your life..
Man jailed 2 months for headbutting and hitting boss twitterurl twitterurl
Good talking to twitterusername today missed my white girl man ???????? love you goodnight
Elderly man who practises calligraphy at Bukit Batok with wet mop is a teacher twitterurl twitterurl
Man charged with running brothel, living off earnings of prostitutes twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution twitterurl
Peter Belanger: The Man Behind Many of Apple???s Iconic Product Images twitterurl #photography
Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting nine-year-old boy twitterurl
Stress man stress, i wish to run away from this place and never come back
[CNA] Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting nine-year-old boy twitterurl
"twitterusername Happy advanced 6 monthsary :-) twitterusername twitterusername thanks a lot man :D
And so, it's confirmed that David Moyes will replace SAF in Man Utd. Sigh
Man gets 10 years' jail, cane for sexually assaulting 9-year-old boy twitterurl
Man arrested over corrosive liquid on public transport is director of F&B company  twitterurl twitterurl
Man fined S$4,000 for lying to police that girlfriend was kidnapped by loansharks twitterurl
Thanks man! Yeah will do! ?????twitterusername happ birthday Adly, have a sweet 16 twitterusername ????
Will be in a class full of freshies better not piss me off man.
"go for it man" a tips to friend but not us. hahahaha
it was really much sweet to see the man backhugged the woman on a scene hha.
Met this boy and his arms is getting bigger. Meet up soon man ?????? twitterusername
Police were searching for the man in the #Boston suburb of Watertown. twitterurl
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat twitterurl via twitterusername
The weather is not good man. I hope i dont collasped anytime soon.
Good one man!! u show me a sign ..too bad i cant read korean!!!
man. I knew I made a mistake coming out here. . smh.
CBS > Man named in ricin letters case goes into hiding twitterurl #news
Want to watch Iron Man 3. Too bad, mum cannot go out alot. life.
Left my phone on the cab and luckily my twin twitterusername it. Thanks alot man! :
Everything Wrong With Iron Man In 4 Minutes Or Less  twitterurl
Mugger running from victim is almost as quick as Asia's fastest man twitterurl twitterurl
Am I the only one who doesn???t watch iron man?
Finally saw an iron man case that looked AMAZING but it was for iPhone 5....
Why the hell do I have the crappy face nowadays man OMG
It's 2 I'm hungry watching running man not sleepy at all.This is mindfreak
Still up, and currently doing some revision on physics and running man at the same time
I'm just the boy inside the man, not exactly who you think I am
??twitterusername Am I the only one here who haven't watch iron man 3????
Lunch w luv @ Burger King (: xx and Iron Man 3 later (: #moviedate
You can forget about your long life in the world man.
when cool man Hyun Bin is thinking about how to answer Qn hehehe cute #HyunBinInSG twitterurl
Watching iron man 3 with baby and his family later on??
urgh should have watched iron man 3 with hui lee and ekson today ??
For a guy singing skinny love, hats off to him man. Really superb
Birthday scenario, The avenger version (HAD BABIES WITH IRON MAN OMFGGGG) twitterurl
Im not a man u fan but i got correct for the quiz.. hehek
[ST] Man fined $3k for biting girlfriend's daughter on the chest twitterurl
''Man of the Match'' of 11th leg goes to...!! #albirex_s #sleague\
now my baby is dancing, but he dancing with another man~
Please don't rain tmrw morning, I want to play Running Man ??
...and all the other crap. Im so tired man nak udang now please weather dah swee
BTW, twitterusername took all those kickboxing photos guys, all credits to The Amin man \\m/
Singapore Iron Man eats Double Down. Cleveland Hero Charles Ramsey eats Big Mac.
According to Sky Sports News, Man United will announce Alex Ferguson's successor in 48 hours. #BraceYourself
fucking classwork in chemistry fuck it man i'm too tired to care
Working Student (f/m): Knowledge Man... - SAP: ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...) twitterurl #IT #sap #sapjobs #Job
??twitterusername Im to grown to B fuckin cuttin this grass man smh??? I'm weak
9.03 where's my teacher at? Lesson was supposed to start 3 mins ago old man.
Where the fuck is the taxi man I wanna go home
Iron Man 3 was AMAZING! Thanks for fulfilling my wish guise, ily! ? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
The lads needs rest man they've been working every single minute
Wa heng nvr see me. If he marked my papers ah. Gg man. Gg.
I also want man.. seh.. RT twitterusername Plus body too! ??twitterusername I want a foot massage???
This week curator is a Man Utd fan. high give twitterusername #GGMU #manchesterisred
Masqeruading as man with a reason my charade is the event of the season
I'm not backing up my friend but I know how he feels man.
There may not be perfect man, but there is perfect you!
My colleague told me a man died after having sex with a hornets nest. Oh.
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? Gentleman and romantic twitterurl
I despise people like you. No,don't even fucking say hi to me man.
[ST] 49-year-old man investigated for lodging false police report twitterurl
Can I dont work tmorw ! I having a muscle cramp on my leg.oh man!
Kalau assignment Man Tech dpt postpone. Assignment Material xdpt postpone tarikh ke?
#FF twitterusername - Top man and the one to follow for Singapore's football..
This man successfully sued his wife for having ugly children lol
Family Sues Red Bull For $85 Million, Blaming Man???s Death On The Energy Drink\
Man wants to set world record -- for walking around in 405kg iron shoes twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for stealing safe containing S$30,000 cash twitterurl
Who the fuck checks in at a chair sia wtf man
Man jailed for assault, wrongful confinement, theft and driving offence twitterurl #Singapore
Washing the plate the drying it up for me. Man dont make me cry. :')
Man arrested for stealing TV sets from coffeeshops #Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
i wna cry man, why must arrow end when it's the most exciting part...................
POTEKKKKKKK ANJIR "yepp0: But that man continued playing the piano and yoojung thought its minseok :-("
man. what the fuck are we still doing here. got MFN damn
[STREAM] Running Man EP171 ft.Ryu HyunJin,Yoon SukMin, EXO - twitterurl , twitterurl  twitterusername twitterusername
Jobless man jailed for life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer\
And also aresenal vs man u! Looking forward to it tonight :)
??twitterusername Should I YOLO and watch the Man U vs Arsenal game????big NO!!
me~ RT twitterusername annyone here already watch running man with EXO ? #EMAzing EXO
watching Running Man Episode 171 and the starting game is alrdy good. (baseball edited version)
Arghhhh RT twitterusername Tahniah twitterusername gegadis semua jerit and bro, you're the man.
Lets start our monday by watching #SUPERSUNDAY match man utd vs Arsenal !
So nice to see a Chelsea legend beat Man City #Poyet #CFC
Tbh, i thought ozil was going to man utd during the transfer season
Entertaining first half.Man united is playing like man united #ggmu #munars #mufc
RVP is a Man U player okay. Not Arsenal. Mind you idiotics
luhan online coz ema or he still buzzing that his team (man u) won? #EMAzing EXO
Prayingggg That in Blessed With A Baby Girl Cuz I Can't Take These Lil Boys Man
80-year-old Russian man thrown off cliff after trying to fight with bear twitterurl twitterurl
Woah how many times must I wake up in the middle of the night man :(
???LKY is a smart man, but he is not always right??? twitterurl
Wah this uncle body so baik sia for a 53yearsold man
Bruno Mars man. Can't wait to see him live. What a performer.
Wowwwwwww "twitterusername twitterusername Man Utd reports record revenues for first quarter #MUFC twitterurl
Man with same name as UK store rewarded for replying to mistaken-identity tweets twitterurl twitterurl
with Reza, the main man behind Hot Import Nights (Indonesia/Malaysia) \
oh man this is so awkward there's no one on the orange team :| #ANTM
15% and all i did was watch running man and play some music and twitter.
#SG NEWS: 35-year-old man charged with hacking #AngMoKio Town Council's website
#SG NEWS: Man charged with hacking #AngMoKio Town Council's website twitterurl
FULL STORY: Man charged for hacking incidents; More being investigated for PMO, Istana hacking twitterurl
A diamond cannot be polished without friction nor man perfected without trials. Yep!
Fuck being cheerful,gay,optimistic all that shit already man,fuck that shit.
omg i cannot stop laughing at kyungsoo in running man omg why his face so funny
Mr david was trying to put me the second person in charge of rugby.no way man..
Selamat hari Ayah, Ayah. You're the best man i've ever known..
your man is free to go anywhr. so please dont think im the cause.
To make a man feel loved give him the three RRRs:  Respect, Reassurance, & Relief.
MAN ANA-SIAPAKAH AKU (arabic and malay lirics): twitterurl via twitterusername
Help identify this man: The FBI needs help finding this Child Predator twitterurl ?? twitterurl #DT twitterusername
(today) Man jailed for attacking three others in party brawl twitterurl
a friend cant sent love shapes to a friend? what fucking shit is this man?
If I fail AGK again say good bye go my pilot license man.
The most powerful thing a man can have in this universe is the knowledge of God.
Happy 50th #DoctorWho! You have taught me so much, dear Raggedy Man. Allons-y! <3
mitsuki why did you get into the car with a suspicious man
I'm all for going out tonight. but I just need some sleep man. that's all.
Congrats Josephhhh! The award is well deserved for you. Keep on fighting love you man ^^
This "Smooth McGroove" fella on youtube.. his acapella is.... freaking awesome man!!
cmon man admit it yea uh huh big bang rocked the stage yea!!!!!! WOOOHOOO
Zalora should remove old clothes man. 2 months are still showing online.
The boy during BMT and now the man waiting to ORD, they are different.
Man, I just need someone to talk to! Thay would be nice (:
Naw man. I am not jealous about anything really. Honest. I surprise myself sometimes too.\
Man throws used tissue paper onto vehicle at hospital car park twitterurl twitterurl
I mean man 50 je kot it usually 60 to 70 what
Giggs should retire man. His speed is not as par as others alrdy ... reallyy..
Man??twitterusername Why is there a pic of a dude fucking ET on the TL????
The original, inimitable legendary singer Manna Dey was a equally great man. RIP.
Breaking: Police arrest 47-year-old man involved in 'spitting incident' at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl
Police arrest 47-year-old man involved in "spitting incident" at Woodlands Interchange on Tues night.
[ST] Police nab man allegedly involved in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl
Man in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange to be charged in court  twitterurl
wtf man cant they just debut tgt why must one of the team disband...
Still have to scissors paper stone all wif sis to get things done. Wtf man
Next year would be my last year in bedok town man! Waiting this for so long
I'm depressed lmao??twitterusername twitterusername alright. Man. You been goin off for the past hour lol???
(today) Man found dead in front of Swissotel The Stamford twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 10 months for molesting girl on bus twitterurl
Going to tampines mall for dinner!! What's good over there man!
24-year-old man arrested for trying to procure sex from 13-year-old twitterurl
Ed Sheeran is dressed as a ginger bread man I am so done
1st time in my life to see my Ol man break down..
[ST] Man arrested for string of housebreaking and theft cases in Jurong West twitterurl
fck forever finding fault with me why don't you guys just go overseas man
The teenager who saved a man with an SS tattoo twitterurl
wtf man it's raining heavily rn,,,perfect weather to sleep not to study
Haha, managed to make my brother watch Running Man on the tv by crying. #youngestchild #youaintgotnothingonme
: twitterurl oh shit....I can not love this man any more that I have...
Broccoli are man made and were originally leafy and not appetizing, wut.
Bukit Timah house fire: Man who died was 'life of the party' twitterurl twitterurl
Man convicted of trafficking 31.4g of heroin and 77g of Ice faces death penalty twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername just texted her dude thanks for reminding me"no worries man!:)
[TNP] Adam Levine is sexiest man. Why not Ryan Gosling? twitterurl
What is Jim Beam trying to prove to an innocent man like me?
Lol...I need sleep man. But hair is still wet fml.
Aiseh fuck man Mitch y u so chok stay chokbak bro
Georgia for the weekend with my man ??? Let the fun begin!
Nightmare find caught on camera: Man discovers female stranger living in his own home twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Bukit Timah fire: Man who died was 'life of the party' twitterurl
they said that when man are crying they show their weakness..... bullshit !!!
71-year-old man jailed 3 months for having sex with 17-year-old prostitute twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for fracturing ribs of ex-wife???s lover twitterurl
Crap the body clock man ! Im not sleeping now ! Wait for the night ~
Finally the mission team and chasing team game format is back in Running Man.
And a man slowly rises to becomes insane. #HeathLedger #TheJoker twitterurl
Playing fifteen songs over this coming weekend on keyboards. Chords overload, man! Wooo. #grace
What are you listening to right now? ??? i'm your man twitterurl
[ST] Police arrest man suspected of stabbing girlfriend with scissors twitterurl
Man City starting lineup: Hart, Zabaleta, Demichelis, Nastasic, Clichy, Garcia, Fernandinho, Nasri, Yaya Toure, Silva, Aguero
Hull win and Chelsea and Man city draw will do us a big favor.
IPPT Man shows off his motorbike stunts at X-Games Singapore! twitterurl
Oh shit he gets deadmau5 headphones for posting random mau5head designs. Man that's sick
So gonna watch man utd vs stoke later! My fav boys playing !!! Januzaj and kagawa!!
Anw, finally done watching "ali" the movie. Great great great movie man worth the watch
Man: ur place or mine? Woman: Both.u r going to yours, and Im going to mine!!
Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague's breast twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
My all time favourite man......ngeeeeeee..... #bossbesar #luv #bigboss #mr #him dating #chillin twitterusername twitterurl
#NowWatching Mad Man S06E12E13 The Quality of Mercy - In Care Of #SeriesFinale
I Heard About LAX Earlier Smh. . . What's Going On Man Smh #DCMG
We are just 16. Have fun with your teenage life. Dont get too serious man.
Just finished doing my bf hair... man it's been a min since I did hair..
When I Was Your Man Acoustic (Originally performed by Bruno Mars) by J Rice ??? twitterurl
Swedish man climbing, skiing on New Zealand's tallest mountain falls to death twitterurl
yeay man rt twitterusername u are in my group RT twitterusername i'll support pahang.
"Who are you" kinda scary to watch it at night man . Hah .
??twitterusername Shiny gold Lamborghini Aventador LP760 twitterurl this is like my dream car man
Nimezubaishwa na game ya England/Australia at Twickenham only to find Man U 1-up.....
i swear it feels so good to finally see man u play so well once again
Vidic la man of the match. FT Fulham 1 United 3 .
Wtf man peter and Wendy were meant to be srsly what sort of ending wtf
Unless you're waiting for an NUS shuttle bus in that case every man for himself
Eating ice cream cake for breakfast oh man i feel so fat
Every second, every minute, man I swear that she can get it
I hope that she would appear in running man soon twitterurl
[CNA] Man fined for giving false info to Registry of Moneylenders twitterurl
November 05?! Oh man. Don't judge me. Wasn't my intention to wear red, and black. YIKES.
[Topix] Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee twitterurl
Good luck in tekong bro! Come out just give me a call man!! twitterusername
What's going on man!? Haiz. What did I sign up for ha ha ha ?????
"twitterusername A real man will climb mountains & swim oceans just to see his queen smile."
Woke up with runny nose and sore eyes. Wrong day man
So tempted to just sleep but I can't man got to tank a bit more
Man arrested for stealing TV sets from coffeeshops twitterurl #Singapore twitterurl
next man that touch me will be my bf or something close to it .
Should I sleep or watch Running Man after dinner? Hmmm. #firstworldproblems
ahhhh rly hope jay chou will go on running man kekeke
Who are ridhwan fans man, really? 12-14 year old girl?
[ST] Man jailed three years for using fake $100 notes twitterurl
(yahoo) This video of elderly man in MRT train will make you gag twitterurl
Carina Lau: ??A woman should not leave everything up to her man??? twitterurl
But wtf man . I wanna see teentop , b1a4 , 2pm and 2am .
Update: Bodies of missing Vietnamese man and young child found off East Coast twitterurl twitterurl
Bodies of missing Vietnamese man and young child found off East Coast twitterurl
Man bitten on neck by tiger at Steve Irwin's #Australia Zoo twitterurl
Bodies of missing Vietnamese man and young child found off East Coast twitterurl twitterurl
Fuck man, i didnt bring my notes to go for my lesson today
Naked man in high heels, turban arrested on drug charges in Augusta\
i???m not catching the match but please give me 3 points tonight man utd
Weather too hot? Man buys ice cream at mall in colourful underwear twitterurl twitterurl
Youths seeking $10 donations hit man in face for taking photos of them twitterurl
after watching running man, I still don't understand how to play baseball lol
Crazy shit load of work. We're not machines cmon man have some mercy pls
Police, SCDF search for man feared to have drowned near East Coast Park twitterurl twitterurl
"I've seen a lot of girls chasing after an ugly man." #bnopodcast #PlayerSigns #ulandi
i have no idea what its called but man im dying to try it
Nothing is better than an empty train on a long journey yea man
Taiwan man dies after playing video games for 23 hours twitterurl twitterurl
I don't even know what I'm talking to Jasper man #punttm
Man feared to have drowned near East Coast Park, search operation ongoing twitterurl #Singapore
(today) Man jailed for punching cabby, fined for damaging vehicles twitterurl
I seriously need to get a tuition teacher next year man
I feel like watching old episodes of running man tonight while at work
[CNA] Man jailed 9 months for taking upskirt videos of women twitterurl
Gud morning.. thanking the man that made this life possible for me for another beautiful day..
Wtf is with this old man blasting songs from the demo phone in my shop dafuq....
Idk Another Manager That Does Some Of The Things twitterusername Does Man! #ExtraSteps #DCMG #TeamVakseen
Nothing like you've ever seen: Man finds 40cm mushroom in forest twitterurl twitterurl
Watching running man old episodes again cause i'm bored like that
Hope Man U will do their best against Shakhtar Donetsk. Come on lads!!! #GGMU
Really, there's always something intriguing bout man who is able to portray such level of confidence.
sorry for ruining it man not like I meant everything to you or something. chill
Photographyblogger > A Man and His Dachshund ??? Photos from Chris Jenkins twitterurl
Hahaha RT twitterusername Man City starting XI - ??185m Bayern Munich starting XI - ??78m.
Some girls look like a man when they try making a serious face
Police arrest 22-year-old man for Woodlands brawl which left three injured twitterurl
Can't believe twitterusername  is still watching iron man animated. twitterusername  Shock si sia
Man strips naked at airport, challenges pilot to fight and urinates against wall twitterurl twitterurl
Man jailed for taking upskirt photos of woman at MRT station twitterurl
Guys I think I just got a free tomyum treat man. Heh heh yay
These headaches I be getting are for the damn birds man
Ayy it's gonna be a looooooonnngggggg season for y'all heat haters man
FAGGOT"twitterusername My man ??twitterusername 1.) What is one thing you refuse to share????"
i think you need a heavy dose of man the fuck up
Then if need money you ask me to work. What logic is that man
oh man this guy is so irrtating right now DIAM LEH
Wow Saha playing for Man Utd for the Sg Master's Cup!
I swear Jaden Smith is the handsomest male to walk the fucking earth man
woah man didnt expect that. lol didnt like what i see
Man leaves for ohio race today, in off to NYC skate tomorrow... Until next week!
Seriously people . Everybody got their choice . What for you care man
[CNA] Two sentenced to jail for hurting man who died of his injuries twitterurl
Editing is surprisingly taking faster than I expected. Level up man level uuuuup.
[ST] Man accused of outrage of modesty remanded for psychiatric assessment twitterurl
Man accused of outrage of modesty remanded for psychiatric assessment twitterurl #Singapore
twitterurl twitterusername I have no praise to justify this man twitterusername singing talent
[ST] Man arrested for alleged robbery at knifepoint; police still looking for accomplice twitterurl
(today) Man sent for psychiatric test after allegedly grabbing student???s buttocks twitterurl
I cant believe im done cleaning my room. I rock man ???
"twitterusername What episode ? ??twitterusername Done with running man???" Latest one. Episode 166
Not steady, poor time management, not a man of your words. You sir are fucking low.
Australian man ???shamed??? after retrieving suitcase and finding ???I am gay??? stickers twitterurl
Zimbabwe man jailed for 15 years for poisoning elephants with cyanide twitterurl
"That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn Satan too." - #np Cinderella Man // Eminem
Zimbabwe man jailed for 15 years for poisoning elephants twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[ST] Man jailed 7 years for having anal sex with underage girl, 29 years younger twitterurl
??twitterusername Man jailed 7 years for having anal sex w underage girl, 29 years younger twitterurl \
My friends all excited to see running man ... Idk if i should join them
Jong gook & Jihyo arriving in Singapore for the running man fan meet. #runningmansg #rminsg #runningman  twitterurl
131018 Running Man group shot at the press con! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername #RunningManInSG twitterurl
So...  a man wants to take a picture with us.  twitterusername twitterurl
131018 Running Man Race Start! In Singapore press con - Monday couple~ ??? twitterusername #RunningManInSG twitterurl
Nabby should ditch work today so both of us can see running man members zzzz
Omg. Had a ultra close up fancam of running man.. almost shake hands w sukjin omfg
Who gives a shit about running man? Who are they actually?
[Y!] Man gets turned away from Singapore Day in Sydney for being Caucasian twitterurl
HAHA running man seems interesting to me after mstay showed it to us during class xD
So you think ACSi is the Man U of boys schools? Like everyone hates them?
alright man intensive one hour or maybe half hour reflective writing. Go.
Mike Tompkins so talented, fuck man, I wanna have his talents
R Kelly playing, but...........no man. Ok listen to something else
sometimes when bf show his big eyes, ill be scared.... omg im weak man
THIS. RT twitterusername showing off your muscles does not make you a strong man
On my Mer-Man shit. " He touched the butt ! " #Nemo #Snorkelling #WaterWorld #CaribbeanSea #Cuba twitterurl
Martin Jol fears he is a dead man walking at Fulham.
I tried calling the dental and they're not answering. What are you doing man?!
[CNA] Man jailed for punching cabby, fined for damaging vehicles twitterurl
Man sucked into boeing 737 jet engine ...ewww kaya final destination [pic] ??? twitterurl
Also, the man on the show right now is accusing a cat of cockblocking him. #MyCatFromHell
Even as a liverpool fan, it sad to see man u losing their attacking edge
So I was predicting that he will be great at man united, but I was wrong
The people I pity most in running man is the camera guys
there's one day in the week where every average man gets to be a hero. twitterurl
TPPA (Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement) ini mungkin di bawa oleh Economic Hit Man
??twitterusername "twitterusername What the fuck man. twitterurl omg wtf bitch??? she solved the world's greatest mystery!!
Man caught allegedly taking upskirt pics at Dhoby Ghaut MRT twitterurl  twitterurl
Another slashing case? Photo of bloodied man circulating on Twitter twitterurl #Singapore
What if i fail maths and drop to na, idk what to do man s stress.
thought I could watch man utd sunderland on free preview for starhub but it doesn't show :(
Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF, Mindef clarifies twitterurl twitterurl
Man shouts his NS rank during argument in library twitterurl #Singapore
I dont know why but, you guys really changed alot man.
??twitterusername Every second, every minute, man I swear that she could get ittt??? Agreed.
wtf. cnt tak out my cover cos its too tight haha wth man
Wonderful day with my man. So happy he's not booking in today. Yaaay! Loveyou! <33 twitterurl
"twitterusername Man my wedding should be like this, cut on hair and makeup cost twitterurl
Man allegedly tries to flee without paying taxi fare -- but is stopped by this hero twitterurl
I wonder why in ucl, man utd can do their best but not in epl -.-
This season I got no mood to watch man utd match
I dont mind subotic but no trading kagawa man. This better be a damn rumour.
Like, Google and shit. You can find pretty much abything there man shit's unreal.
Gosh keep forgetting to bring they keychain for my church children. Smack myself real hard man
Oh man... Just remember today SNSD is having their concert! I'm here staring at my screen...
Cannot tahan man just now when i compliment coach new boots
You like to be shoot uhh? ??? yea man come on twitterurl
"twitterusername Those people with mixed blood are always good looking man."
Woman need attention. Man just doesn't seem to see the hint or point.
"twitterusername A mans biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile."
Oh man ice cream was a mistake i feel super sick now
#Singaporean man wanted for alleged murder of wife's lover in #Malaysia twitterurl
Lagunya enak ini :" RT twitterusername The Man Who Can't Be Moved - The Script #NowPlaying
im gettting impatient with this anon man I just wanna know who you are das all
Imagine Tom hiddleston on running man lolol. "?????! ?????!" Later haha wear his ironman stuff lolol
Man stomped and punched girl, 4, fracturing her thigh and ankle\
[CNA] Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video twitterurl
"twitterusername A gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials. -Confucius"
Man in uniform? Hmmm daaaaaapp. Lol. My time is over laa eh. twitterusername
So not myself now man,don't understand why I hate eating chips now
LOL running man next week at JP opp my house. Sure jam when I go NTUC -.-
My man so supportive. Hahahaha no ice. We'll see cc twitterusername twitterurl
Need to get my BMTH cover done before the gig man..
kimak i feel so kental and gay and faggot right now man the fuck up itch
Man in bar - "I'll have a cup of H2O please". He downed the cup no issues.  \
Feel that Joe Allen is playing really well in the game man. Honestly.
Oh man. Start to fall in looooveeeeee with you. Lol asdfgh . Joke. Hate it is !
Man uses newspaper to hide groping of girl on Shanghai subway twitterurl twitterurl
Cmon man, you're sitting on reserve seats. You SHOULD give elderly people your seat.
Sounds good :) RT twitterusername Warped Tour is great man. So much fun.
I'm not married yet.hmm RT"twitterusername A man carry his son..woot woot^^"
Ni adik Roman Atkinson ke? "twitterusername Martin Atkinson the referee for Man United-Chelsea"
Man wakes up from coma after family plays songs by getai star Hao Hao twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername The shit you see on Florin Road man??? HEY don't hate
Gay man applies for constitutional protection against workplace discrimination in #Singapore twitterurl So important. #LGBT
Gerald the earphones delivery man! ;A;)))) Thanks! For saving my life without music ;A;
"twitterusername [MSIA] Running Man fanmeeting in Malaysia has been officially cancelled twitterurl
Yay the latest episode of running man will be out tonight. Episode 160!
erghhh I hope my eye isnt going to be worse tmr man it'll be so embarrassingggg
Sleeping soon. Then wake up at 3am. To watch man utd yaa
Gay man applies for constitutional protection against workplace discrimination twitterurl #Singapore
Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee flat twitterurl #Singapore
Im really second guessing myself. Arghhhh the stress for Os is setting in man
twitterurl will forever love this song man. See how strong Fergie's voice is.
Football: Man City's new signing Demichelis out for six weeks twitterurl
Loving drape pants like these man! Its loose and comfy! #finallypantsthatdonthugmydrumsticklegs
And DQ will be closed by the time I get out fuck man
[ST] Gay man applies for constitutional protection against workplace discrimination twitterurl
I dont know man, I just got so much love for you.
Is it weird to see a man walk in public eating a baguette? twitterurl
AGH!!! I cannot wait for holiday to come. I want to burn some dance floor man!!
Why does Harry Styles dress like a gay man? Is there a meaning behind it or ...
That chinese food really hit the spot man but that family pack expensive asf.
Congrats to David Moyes for taking Man Utd to 5th in the table #bpl
[ST] Third man jailed for three months for underage sex twitterurl
Watched Running Man episode 163 yesterday, Damn It's really damn funny.
Ok fuck me man I'm probably going to get 5 for malay
why is everyone so annoying today. woman shut up and stop talking man
Andrew garfield:3 ??? The Amazing Spider-Man (at Riri's Castle) ??? twitterurl
Pokai. But my whey protein is finishing up soon. Shit man.
OMG! I cant wait to watch the next episode of Running Man
ok yesssss not in the f1 world finals team . that would mean leaving aseel aww man
like wtf man just leave the Tamil Tigers and Sinhalese alone for god's sake
Fuck man im so nervous i that i dont want to do anything anymore
Man gets frosbite from spraying sweaty socks and shoes with deodorant twitterurl twitterurl
Man gets frosbite from spraying sweaty socks and shoes with deodorant twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Lord I'm doing all I can, to be a better man.
Have yet taken any selfies yet man this can't be happening whut
Okay. I'm not going AOFA. My sickness is killing me. Coughing like hell man. Argh
Laughing my ass out with bakk the lemas man just now hahahahaha twitterusername
??twitterusername Hahaha now i declare that i have no girlbestfriend hahaha bij that man???
Fans faint, mall exits blocked as thousands throng Jurong Point for Running Man event twitterurl twitterurl
Damn shit man other class taking psychology today and here I am doing mock up websites -.-
Here's what the Running Man cast likes about S'pore twitterurl twitterurl
'Running Man' Cast Holds A Successful Autograph Session, Proved Their Popularity In Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername
Oh man thor dark world poster so big and nice walau
[PICS] 131018 RACE START! in Singapore press conference - Running Man (CR: SOKOREA) twitterurl twitterurl
Man i wish i had some company like a cat or smtg in the house
Running man members depart from singapore already at 1430hrs terminal 3
52-year-old man arrested after allegedly causing destructive rampage at Geylang hotel\
Man this week will be so stressful!!! 2 OP rehearsals.... Korea exchange.... omg this is insane!!
If hes getting money for hosting this qna then I'll be so jealous man wtf
I said i h8 smelly ppl so just fuck off from me now china man
??twitterusername ios7 message theme n keyboard nicer than whatsapp one man???
The starting part of Iron Man by Black Sabbath is sex.
Japan man gets 7 years' jail for slipping acid into colleague's shoe  twitterurl
shiiiiiit got real man. didn't think Id ever cared just a lil . . .
Wtf 100km?! I run 2.4 and i wanna die of suffocation alr man
Seriously regret rqising to a leomon. It looked cool but man its so weak
UK man gets 27 years in U.S. jail for plot to torture, eat child twitterurl
What's this glowing creature that man found? It even wriggles twitterurl twitterurl
Running Man 163 dulu lepas tu baru tido. Got an interview tomorrow. Wish me luck!
Regret modifying my 9f car in gta v. It can literally fly, too fast man twitterurl
[ST] Man killed after tree falls on excavator on Thomson Road twitterurl
(asiaone) Man killed after tree falls on excavator on Thomson Road twitterurl
Confession: I often wonder what kind of man my hot teacher would find attractive\
Fellaini vs Kompany Belgium Match!! lolllll Captain told "i'm waiting for afro man in united". LMFAOOOOOO
Oh man the songs playing now are so good I just can't
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose? ??? Tiger twitterurl
??twitterusername King Krule - The Noose of Jah City twitterurl u have to download his album man !
(today) Man sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training for various offences twitterurl
??twitterusername Man, coffee with Kong is so inspiring.??? Every week it is :)
I hear twitterusername failed the white-shirt challenge today like a real man.  With blood.
Eyk sing the runnnnning man song.. I laugh dao??.. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! LOH YEAH MOU YEAH!
You are a little bitch AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA ??? Thanks man! Then you must be King hor? Haha. twitterurl
Channel U the show is like Singapore version of running man sia...
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you." -Elbert Hubbard
Man orders every burger on McDonald's menu to create $179 'McEverything' twitterurl twitterurl
I wanna get hme fast. Fak man alot of things to do
Man sentenced to corrective training and caning for theft at jewellery shop, extortion twitterurl #Singapore
Hais leceh man need to update my new number to friends and save new contacts
[ST] Man caught trying to leave Singapore in lorry under a pile of cardboard boxes twitterurl
a girl with a big ego but her man forever stay with her :') twitterurl
keep your comments to yourself man if you want cakap directly ah asal kene indirect
??twitterusername It is best to try to put all problems aside during your exam periods man.???
Man,  this dog is lookin at me like it wants to eat me.
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to culpable homicide for stabbing woman twitterurl
[CNA] No death penalty for man who pleads guilty to culpable homicide in stabbing twitterurl
oh fuckkkkkk Southern Sun (Angry Man Remix) as dropped on Indecent Noise's #lumibeach2013 set! :DD
Sial la this pimples. You gotta go man.. you making me looks weird.. go go go!
When is my dad gonna go to bed man. I want go driving haha
Every Tuesday evening is meant for a run and Running Man.
(asiaone) Man cracks egg on colleague's scalded back, but doctors warn... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for extorting nude photos from woman online twitterurl
Perrie's life is perfect man shes gorgeous, rich, famous, talented and is marrying zayn fucking malik ???
fak man all these cough and flu virus have to find trouble wimme during this period ???
??twitterusername When God anoints someone to be your leader, RESPECT the man.???
Jesus the Jew was a political messiah of Israel, an historical MAN, Dude!
The Unofficial Goldman Sachs Guide To Being A Man. ; twitterurl A good read in the morning!
??The Story Behind The 9/11 Falling Man Photo??? via twitterusername twitterurl
There Is a Man Wandering Around California With 3 Mules twitterurl #photojournalism
"twitterusername Birthday surprise for twitterusername ! Class chalet :)) twitterurl hahaha wrong tag man
Wana shit don't wana shit wana pee don't wana pee., what do I freaking want man...
play the running man game in SG, anyone? leggggo! ??twitterusername Mall Runner game @ #annyeongseoul2013 updated. twitterurl
Bestie & irrinoying Qib is spamming my ws now. WHY MAN WHY. twitterusername twitterusername -____-
goodbye IHC goodbye physics goodbye efficiency it's time for running man
I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Running Man in Hong Kong" twitterurl
Confidence, intelligence and Dapper dresser makes an average looking woman/man sexy!
Wathing Man vs Food at this timing is a bad idea..
600kg Saudi man forklifted to hospital for treatment twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Im Too Blessed Man. Gotta Get My Act Straight Stop Taking So Much For Granted.
It's been some extra "fuck it" in my system lately. Guess that's what happens man..
Y'all think that I'll find a man if I get off Twitter or nah?
the rumours last year lol... running man.. 2 days 1 night ...
Man jailed nine weeks for planning to steal cough syrup from a clinic in Bishan twitterurl
Powerful typhoon in the Philippines kills at least one man, leaves 45 fishermen missing twitterurl
LOL! Great Wall Of......? RT twitterusername 1st time I see a 10 man wall
So happy to memorised pho script just nw in school. Imma free man now!
Really laughing out loud man This two twin Really damn aizai
(yahoo) Man assaulted for trying to stop child from urinating in Shanghai???s subway twitterurl
[Y!] Man assaulted for trying to stop child from urinating in Shanghai???s subway twitterurl
"twitterusername Insulting women does not make you a real man!!! twitterurl via twitterusername
Lmaooo"twitterusername Man Wtf Dat Gotta Do With Anything CTFU #YouShotOut RT twitterusername
Man charged with reckless driving, paying underage prostitute for sex twitterurl twitterurl
Falling sick after ord?! Where should i go for doctor man!!
Young man with autism turns to photography for communication twitterurl #photography
Cheer up Epok Epok Kentang ;-D ??? I think i know who's this. Thanks man :) twitterurl
Man goes on challenge to Skype with someone from every country in the world twitterurl twitterurl
'What message is this man trying to send to the children with him?' twitterurl  twitterurl
need to start saving money man. I need that MacBook. #FundingForAppleMacBook
a man wearing socks within the flats? what a disastrous combination.
[Topix] Injured navy man Jason Chee will get desk job twitterurl
But the nobles man makes noble plans, and by noble deeds he stands - Isaiah 32:8
(breakfast_network) SAF death: Putting the blame on the dead man? twitterurl
China to execute man who killed girl in parking space row twitterurl
Eh eh I saw a man with jersey number 19. Hmmm hmmm hmm
Hmm, Man U got a lot of chances to break the deadlock...
Cannot stop spazzing during the movie. CUTE AS HELL MAN ????????~~~ suitable character for him lolol
I love this life man..??? can't g e'er anyways better than this.
grandma's murmuring and banging everything she holds. getting on my nerves man.
All of big matches, Man U & Liverpool will always create the most tense moments...
MAN"twitterusername Bitches asses in ATL break all the laws of physics I swear to God"
Man vandalises car with marker -- not knowing he was caught on camera twitterurl twitterurl
Dear my old man twitterusername stop covering your cute face please T^T
21st man jailed for sex with minor in online vice ring case twitterurl #Singapore
Really want to cut my hair tomorrow man. Getting out of control
Is that you Barney RT twitterusername Man water skiing in a tux twitterurl
Man utd is giving silly balls away!!! They better wake up their mind
Free starbucks on 5 dec yeah man not gonna miss it
"And that brings me to the education system in Singapore. It fucking works man. Really."\
I just voted Running Man for Best Variety Show at 2013 #allkpopawards presented by ToFebruary(twitterusername
omg my ice cream man is so hot twitterurl ice creams r melting
Woman's offensive selfie captures cops coaxing man from bridge in background twitterurl
Man what do expect, it's Bruno Mars we're talking about. Ticket prices boom
Having my dinner with a dose of Running Man. #balikJB @ Subway twitterurl
Ronald Cheng shares a kiss with hot actress -- without realising she's a man\
cant wait to get out of the house man fucking pissed staying at home
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014 twitterurl via twitterusername
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Swings Into First Trailer
the way kris dress is just like how the young rich man dress
Motherfucker dont you see how quiet everything was before? Fuck your life man
Nigerian man survives 3 days at bottom of Atlantic Ocean twitterurl
??????RTtwitterusername "Lee Soo Man becomes #1 richest stockholder once again andYang Hyun Suk pushed to #2"\
omg that was fast man what the actual fuck oh good golly
Singaporean man Colin Mak Yew Loong admits to cyberstalking American singer for 6 years twitterurl twitterurl
Fuck man missed my 8am lesson thinking it was 10am class knn
Being the bigger man. wait I am big, I'M HUGE! Horizontally atleast. ):
[ST] 30th man jailed for having paid sex with Singaporean minor twitterurl
Fak man. 2 kg more. My body is so damn stubborn ! I can't eat no more :(
Man jailed for committing indecent acts with Sec 2 student twitterurl
??twitterusername Still can't get over this man I ordered cheese fries and I got this twitterurl
STOMP Citizen Journalism Awards: Man buys ice cream at Parkway Parade in colourful underwear twitterurl twitterurl
"A lot of you females are becoming the man that broke your heart."
Football: Ten-man Milan resist Ajax to book last 16 spot twitterurl
Singaporean man jailed yesterday for having sex with underage girl who is now his wife twitterurl
Malam ini kita cuba. Carlin Isles: Training with Rugby's Fastest Man: twitterurl via twitterusername
Man tries to show off on motorbike -- only to ride straight into parked car twitterurl
Baik uh mantat RT twitterusername Ng Man Tat invests in abalone business twitterurl
Oh oh oh they are using Lee Hongki's Mean in Running Man! I miss The Heirs!
[ST] Unemployed man jailed 17 months for molesting 16-year-old teen twitterurl
My colleagues can smoke five times every meal and thrice in between their meals. Wtf man
So sick and tired of having migraine for 5 days straight, really gtg man.
Eyewitness Reports: Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl via twitterusername
39-year-old man jailed for committing indecent acts with Secondary Two student twitterurl
Not sure if Samurai man was detrained, but he sure was detained.
Wtf -_- RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername This info has been deleted from Wikipedia Running Man page. twitterurl
US man gets eight months in prison for hitting crying toddler on plane twitterurl
Man claims to have killed BIGFOOT after luring it with pork ribs from Walmart  \
#nowwatching Running Man.  As always, the show got me cracking up ???
First US Man charged for killing his stepdad by giving him an ???atomic wedgie??? twitterurl
PAC-Man goes free for this week???s App Store promotion
PAC-MAN goes free as Apple???s App of the Week  [iDB]
Choa Chu Kang murder: Second man charged and remanded for further investigations twitterurl #Singapore
UAE made me 'a scapegoat': US man jailed for YouTube gag twitterurl
Lincah Man United... 5 freaking additional mins is a lot. Equalize that goal.....
"twitterusername Happy Birthday Mr.Bean, the man who Making millions laugh without saying a word. twitterurl
Police looking for next-of-kin of 75-year-old man twitterurl #Singapore
twitterurl "You're always going off on some fucking adventure, aren't you Fantasy Man?"
& FUCK! JUI FUCKING SEXY! and walao he and jun stop gaying man. www ???
This is the hightlight of the century man joy is crushing on someone real OMF
Adnan dive hahaha you stupid man don't learn the wrong things hahahhaha
(today) Man apparently run over by horses at Turf Club race twitterurl
Man in bus interchange spitting incident may face more charges twitterurl
We'll meet you on some corner. I'll be the man smoking two cigarettes.
(today) Man in Woodlands spitting incident may face more charges twitterurl
(today) Probation for man who threatened ex-girlfriend with nude photo twitterurl
paul walker's gone? man this just too surprising and beyond belief. r.i.p
No way man. Dj looking good in hos whote short i cant!!  #DanielPadillaRoadTourDumaguete
Many many things happened this year man will never ever forget it
Hit the sack man.... This is too fucking heavy for me to handle
Man fuck that I'm finna start kill shit. Y'all bitches be testing me.
Child's body found off East Coast, Vietnamese man still missing in same area twitterurl twitterurl
Man under probation for snapping nude photo of ex-girlfriend and threatening her with it twitterurl
Was 1963 the best year to be a man? twitterurl #photojournalism
when you spot a boy and a man. by the way he dresses.
(today) Man probed for making false police report in Jurong West twitterurl
Kpop  MAMA playing WoodKid in one of their videos. Please you don't deserve it man.
Ooooo... I would love to get a pair of Black Timberland... Freaking sexy man...  \
Yay RT twitterusername #LittleIndiaRiot: Man seen asking rioters to stop violent behaviour twitterurl  twitterurl
"wants a man dancing behind you in the club or infront you leading your prayer" \
Man in China jumps to his death after being tired with his gf's Christmas shopping. twitterurl
Chinese man leaps to his death during five-hour shopping trip with??girlfriend twitterurl via twitterusername
Hundreds of Workers From South Asia Protest Killing of Indian Man: twitterurl (CC twitterusername re: "protest")
Young Lions embarrassed by 10-man Laos in #SEAGames2013 football opener twitterurl #ourteamsg
Its a sunday man! Picnic day at lil india. It ought to happen someday!
Fckg worried for those officers at lil india. Be safe man.
Have been addicted to running man and made me missed alot of new animes >_>
Biggie's ur man then u got the nerve to say that ur better than big -Nas
I think man city don't take us as rivals anymore sia
It's really frustrating watching Man U games nowadays.. But it's okay, success takes time tho
"twitterusername twitterusername same problems i'm going through man." I feel you. It's kinda hard
I need new soccer boots and shoes man. Getting bored with white shoes alrdy hahaha
Football: Dzeko double helps Man City twitterusername book League Cup semi-final spot twitterurl twitterurl
If I learned something in my American History class it's never trust the white man lmao
Oh man I feel bad now for painting all my nails in sephora hahahah
Really hate this "holidays" man. Full of fail. feels like I've just screwed everything up!
Man arrested for outrage of modesty along Toa Payoh Rise  twitterurl
(today) Man in bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty twitterurl
You're making it weird. Stop it man before I fire your own canon at you. # insider
Sigh. To think there was real talk of ronaldonho joining Man Utd years ago...
McNair murder: Victim identified, Indian national arrested; police looking for man believed to be deceased's husband \
Going out at 4 to buy food for my stomach . Freaking cold man.
??twitterusername Can't be working this job till school reopen for me man???
'Samurai' man with sword on train charged, remanded at IMH twitterurl
'Samurai' man with sword on train charged, remanded at IMH twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[ST] Man charged with woman's murder at Yishun flat last week twitterurl
Man arrested for murder of elderly woman in Yishun twitterurl #Singapore
[ST] Man arrested for murder of elderly woman in Yishun twitterurl
That's also what I see when accompanying the man to shop. Hahaha.
-_-?? RT twitterusername A judge dropped drunk driving charges against a man because he???s Asian. twitterurl
Idfk what to do to vent my anger man fuck everyth
Wtf man wifi? can you not give me problem when im playing FUT
Library with love. My perfect man yang always melayan kerenah aye xoxo #Ptar #Calculus twitterurl
"twitterusername in 1923 testing new bullet proof vest twitterurl this man got big balls!
??twitterusername Be with a man that respect you as a lady, not as an object.???
The man kene standby standby. I also want. Nak feeling2 ahhhhhhh. Hahaha.
[ST] Man admits killing ex-girlfriend by setting her on fire twitterurl
We are now at LEESSANG 1st Showcase in Malaysia! #LEESSANGinMY #Gary #Gil Running Man twitterurl
OMG MAKE ME WANT TO LAUGH EVEN EVEN MORE HAHAHA Epic man! twitterusername
[ST] Man arrested for outrage of modesty case in Jurong West twitterurl
Man On Vacation Suddenly Realizes No One Feeding His Hostages twitterurl
[CNA] Police looking at CCTV footage of man found at MRT station twitterurl
Police looking at MRT station CCTV footage after man found near tracks twitterurl
I fell in love with this man beside me la . Hahaha . He smell good sia .
CBS > Missouri man convicted of planning assault -- after mother turns him in twitterurl #news
"Yes yes and yes yes fak man citytwitterusername RETWEET if you agree! twitterurl
mbarroba16 you my friend, stay happy always man... Update me on office often aye? Hahah twitterurl
What the fuck Sasa and Aubrey also have Ang paos man.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl ????????????????? The Amazing Spider Man 2 ?????????????
Wah, tonight got Tottenham v Man City & I can't watch. Zzzzzzzzz...
Because dating a boy and man is two totally different thing.
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all.
.twitterusername issues warning letter to man who dropped 6kg dumbbell. That's not heavy, right? twitterurl twitterurl
Still don't understand what's so good about Running Man. Anyone can explain why ?
Man fulfils grandmother's dying wish as he works magic on this old photograph twitterurl twitterurl
rosyam nor omg we r breathing in d same air, same province man
[ST] Man who ran across expressway while chased by police arrested on drug charges twitterurl
Another big game at 4am - Man City v Chelsea. Wtf la, kirim salam sudaaah!!!
Hey man, still there? ??? Don't worry I won't be going anywhere twitterurl
Dat older man dick >>>??twitterusername twitterusername Money.. Some be wiser and ready???
Manchester United manager David Moyes is ready to send an SOS to forgotten man Rio Ferdinand.
Eh it's tuesday today i have yet to watch the latest running man episode
#Lt Ugh like why even entertain that man on any level ..........
Man This Record Right Here $$$$ I'M TRYNA GET THESE MILLIONS!! #DCMG
[CNA] Man jailed nine months for using sledgehammer to hit friend twitterurl
Not cool man.............. Murdoch library failing on me when submission is in 2 days GO DIE
so ppl who are posted to jc, what do u guys wear tmr man
I want a MAN to fuck me not a piece of plastic
My bro just got a full scholarship for STUD ! Proud of him man.
PICTURES: Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild & endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl twitterurl
58-year-old man arrested for allegedly throwing bicycle and household items from his flat twitterurl
I need my coffee man,people pissing me off like a ducking fucking choochootrain
Dress for the job you want; dress for the man you want to be.
Four should be a black man. Like this guy. But without the goatee twitterurl
Chelsea is leading!!! can they stop Man City from scoring more than 4 goals?!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - Enemies Unite Sizzle twitterurl via twitterusername
Watching the running man cooking episode at 4 in the morning is a really bad idea :(
Alot of famous actors and actresses in emergency man and woman.
i cant wait for all the project and presentation to be done man. Sigh
??twitterusername twitterusername walao. Annoying man. YOUR WORDS ARE NOT AFFECTING ME.??? World.
I think liverpool benchmarking man u victory of 8-2 hahaha
:)) "twitterusername It's fair to say Manchester United are missing their main man today, Tom Cleverley"
man united got so many crosses but it's not even accurate lol.
This train is going like 30km/hr man wheres the rapid in mass rapid transit
How is that man not an all star? Damn west conference
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA & YOO JAESUK [1] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA, JAESUK, JONGKOOK, JIHYO, KWANGSOO [3] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA & GARY [4] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
Man accused of stabbing his mother to death acquitted in rare case twitterurl #Singapore
gonna wear my iron man pjs today HEHEHE SO EXCITED LA
Man i trash talk like a bitch. Whats got into me?
[CNA] Driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4 twitterurl
wew "twitterusername This 80 Year Old Man Has Not Taken A Bath In 60 Years... - twitterurl
Sial ah it's gonna be a boring day for me man
Man accused of stabbing his mother to death acquitted in rare case twitterurl twitterurl
have a big love/hate relationship with naps man i swear.
The man dah dengan kawan abeh ignores me. *hides under blanket and starts crying*
[CNA] Search and rescue operation underway after man falls overboard near Kusu Island twitterurl
Retired US police shot dead a man who refuse to stop texting in the Cinema twitterurl
Jack is fixing up my chest drawers! I love my handy man! twitterurl
"twitterusername Took me this long to realise that I'm cool" you're always cool man
I be forgetting everybody can't be yeah friend . Gone be a anti social mutha now man
Man killed ex-GF by setting her on fire in Sengkang flat twitterurl twitterurl
#nowwatching ; Running Man EP 180 #RM #online #kengsub #infiniteleader #rainbowleader #cooking #contest
Really want to perfect Bat Country drums man omg best gila hahaha
Man jailed for two years for sexually abusing stepdaughters twitterurl #Singapore
??twitterusername We all want something beautiful??? man I wish I was beautiful
Man pleads guilty to killing ex-girlfriend by setting her on fire twitterurl
US man crashes car into gas station, steals just one banana twitterurl
2nd Man charged with murder for body found in bushes near Sungei Gedong Camp twitterurl
Not gonna watch the Man U match later. Just hope they'll win. Must win!!!
haha, doesn't this song hurt you? ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Man walks onto track at Admiralty Park -- in his T-back underwear  \
But I mean he is still smiling after all he's such a strong young man
You never know how ugly someone really is until you FaceTime them man
EH GUYS man of the match goes to the ref ah since he helped so much
Jobless man jailed four years for passing knife to coffeeshop brawl 'murderer' twitterurl
Police searching for man to help with investigations into armed robbery twitterurl #Singapore
Damnnn if mata moves to man utd, i'll hate him forever.
is it just me or running man is getting kinda bored lately ._.
Aw man how to take picture ni, they seating so farrrrr
See the Rich Man Play (feat. Roc Marciano) by Step Brothers ??? twitterurl
Ukraine's richest man warns against using force to solve crisis twitterurl
A long friday made bright by an Iron Man toy from twitterusername :) thank you! twitterurl
After so very long of not wearing contact lens... so painful man
Got So Much To Finish Up Man! Stuff To Prep For #LifeOfAMusicProducer #MusicIsLife #DCMG
[ST] Man faces amended charge of committing murder after alleged victim died twitterurl
SBS Transit explains about man lying next to MRT door twitterurl
no girl/man wants to listen to or see a text saying "lets break up" \
A 49-year-old man was found dead at Nanyang Technological University this afternoon  twitterurl
Mon: Running Man, Tues and Wed: Prime Minister and I (Y)  always starting the day good.
Wtf am I doing with my life man I miss school
Jonghyun dating? How could he cheat w Jinki when that old man went to Jungle . Lmao
i hope mdm mufeedah wont bitch about my uniform man god
[ST] Man gets seven years and nine strokes for raping 8-year-old cousin twitterurl
Lol me? a step mother to Amri's kids?!? Lol lol lol no fucking way man
I'll Be Alright If I Can Just Hear His Voice Man!
[ST] Project director fined for fatally knocking down man, 80, in Sengkang twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for flinging chairs onto road in Bedok twitterurl
Find out what Running Man cast did for luckiest fan ever twitterurl twitterurl
VIDEO: Man arrested for flinging chairs onto road in Bedok twitterurl twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for grievous hurt after 12 years on the run twitterurl
God leave ASAP ??twitterusername Man I hate Victorville. Everyone knows everyone.???
#nowwatching ; Running Man EP 182 ! #RM #monday #online #kshownow #engsub #ZEA #siwan #tinyg #dohee #yeogingoo
Find out what Running Man cast did for luckiest fan ever here: twitterurl twitterurl
A gem is not polished without rubbing and a man is not perfected without trials.
[PICS] Running Man EPI 182 - HAHA with Guest Siwan,Dohee & Yeo Jin Goo [1] twitterurl
"twitterusername Watch ??DUFFY: The Man Who Shot the Sixties??? twitterurl #photography #arts"
[ST] Man jailed seven years for Toa Payoh wet market stabbing 13 years ago twitterurl
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards: Man leaves GF crying alone at MRT station after argument twitterurl twitterurl
Man i miss going to guitar class but im just so exhausted ~
Police seeking man to assist investigations into 2 cases involving use of counterfeit notes twitterurl twitterurl
Man Utd plan to have 5 more signing as calibre to Mata. *Hysteria* #MUFC
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RUSS!! Big ass boy now! Haha enjoy man!! All the best in life!! twitterusername
Project director fined for fatally knocking down man, 80, in Sengkang twitterurl twitterurl
Man jailed 7 years for raping underaged cousin 14 years ago twitterurl
??twitterusername waiting for delivery man who mysteriously says he is here but there is no one...??? \
[ST] Man arrested for allegedly molesting woman in lift in Woodlands twitterurl
Please just reply my email lah. I hope there really isn't anything to fuss about man
Man jailed 10 weeks for uploading obscene videos of ex-girlfriend online twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed 10 weeks for uploading obscene videos of ex-girlfriend online twitterurl
Singapore should have parking balloon, it's totally a genius idea man...
This life .. I gotta get this money man there's nothing else
"Gay jokes are not funny man, I mean, COME on la guys".
Thanks bro! ??twitterusername twitterusername Happy birthday man!! All the best in your soccer career???
Studying for thai dictation before lesson at can B, ima changed man
Man gets 8 years' jail for starting fire at home which killed his father twitterurl
Do Singapore chaps have to carry their partner's handbag (or man bag) for longer tomorrow?
Don't control your girlfriend man. She got a life too. Lol
Thanks bro! ??twitterusername Happy birthday bro! Sweet 16 seh. See you soon man :) twitterusername
I got four numbers from you and I striked, what the fuck man.
[CNA] Man jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe SCDF officer twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for attempting to bribe four police officers twitterurl
Tea with honey and lemon at Common Man Coffee Roasters #presentationwin #beingsicksucks #singapore?? twitterurl
wtf man why got ppl dunno today got 3rd Gaon Chart kpop awards this is bullshit
I havent watch the recent two episodes of running man cause i've no time fml
Not sure whether to wake up early to watch Man City vs Barcalona
How Berry and Prebble put 'Magic Man' Moreira in his place: \
"twitterusername Maradona is like "Why the fuck he joined Man Utd (Mid table Team)?" twitterurl
Man jumps from 3rd floor NTU residence hall room after fight with ex-girlfriend twitterurl
Man City vs Chelsea ?? My prediction hmm 2-3 kot lol bye
Need to pee but its the last bus...I am a dead man...
Man lands catch of a lifetime -- a 360kg monster stingray twitterurl twitterurl
a Spinach Tomato Pasta that'll make even Popeye the Sailor Man proud :) #foodporn #instafood twitterurl
I feel like I'm wasting my time lol goodnight man I'm so done
Six passport photos of a fine, self-proclaimed ' handsome ' young man.\
Omg twitterusername please change your hair colour u look like an old man!!!
Third man charged for role in Little India riot jailed for 18 weeks twitterurl
[ST] Third man charged for role in Little India riot jailed for 18 weeks twitterurl
(today) Man arrested for theft of S$85,000 from lodging house twitterurl
Young man jumps from third floor of #NTU residence hall: twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
i love nothing more than to see a man in casual outfit. hiks.
Haha yes ??twitterusername Was that a "fuck off man" from Rooney lol???
AsiaClassifiedToday Asia's Richest Man Invests Millions in Fake Egg Startup - Wired: Asia's... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Off to Alexandra Road! Feels like a really long journey man! Zzz
63-year-old man charged with slashing another with a chopper  twitterurl
??twitterusername man why the fuck do i even bother talking to you??? bc u love me
[CNA] Man accused of kidnapping supermarket boss' mother deemed fit to make plea twitterurl
Man Charged With #Hacking the Federal Reserve Faces 12 Years twitterurl twitterusername
Aww man hip hurts like hell may have to visit the dic soon
my mom put so much pressure on me. it's not even fair man
[PICS] 140224 Running Man Filming - HAHA & GARY in the same team??? [1] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
ahhh guy who wear suit pls dun oh man my knees r weak
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Tom Hiddleston wins ELLE Man Of The Year 2014
"I could see the bone," says GF of man slashed at Clementi coffeeshop twitterurl
Keng wee dont retweet that man it's on a make you look gay HAHA
Extraordinarily unlucky drunken Henan man fondled by homeless dude in China twitterurl
??????????????????????????? RT twitterusername 140225 Running Man in Melbourne Australia filming. HAHA & Kwang soo\
What is the difference between Spiderman Movie and The Amazing Spider-Man Movie?
What is the last thing you watched on TV? ??? Running Man!!! twitterurl
Man admits to molesting daughter when she was only 10 or 11 twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) 45-year-old man dies after collapsing during marathon twitterurl
[ST] Man gets eight years of corrective training for $31,400 break-in at antique shop twitterurl
I've only seen one black man on here with a fine ass white girl & that's twitterusername
Chicks be wanting a real nigga instead of a real man
36 yr old man jailed 9 months for taking over 260 upskirt videos of women twitterurl
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? Yes. Cause im living it twitterurl
I swear she act like she kno what's best for me. this ain't shit man
Man dies after collapsing at 2XU Compression Run marathon twitterurl twitterurl
Wtf not even one english player in man city line up
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose? ??? Mermaid ah . twitterurl
Legs are aching . Hopefully i'll be okay tomorrow . Running man , off to sleep .
Football: Bayern rout 10-man Schalke to go 20 points clear twitterurl
Runnig man already download . Save time , i can rest later on .
australia special RT twitterusername Running Man Ep 188 Preview with Rain and Kim Woo Bin\
Man crushed under wheels of his own bus in freak accident in Malaysia twitterurl twitterurl
[EngSub] Running Man ep 187 - Guest(s): No Guest - Theme: Han River Crossing twitterurl
yikes seth rollins is a man of the match. does he turn face right now? #RAWRECAP
Cook maggi . Running man . Sleep cause tomorrow ippt . Then book out .
Last but not least. The only man that's in my heart. I love you, everyday. twitterurl
Football: Wigan send Man City crashing in FA Cup repeat twitterurl
Crowd wanted to help man pinned under bus, Tamil online group tells #LittleIndiaRiot COI twitterurl
My man is seriously seriously seriously seriously being such a pig.
"twitterusername twitterusername u not man yet batboy je for now" sembarang tak cerewet
CBS > Sergey Aksionov: The man behind the drive to hand Crimea to Russia twitterurl #news
Man gets 8 years of corrective training for $31,400 break-in at antique shop twitterurl twitterurl
All sales person should read this! "The Man With the Folding Chair twitterurl
(asiaone) Man smashes car repeatedly with rock at Joo Chiat carpark twitterurl
Man smashes car repeatedly with rock at Joo Chiat carpark twitterurl #Singapore
CBS > Mississippi man who woke up in body bag 2 weeks ago has died twitterurl #news
Morning thoughts while i wait for my old man to send me to work..
??twitterusername twitterusername "twitterusername The most important thing a man will ask a woman... twitterurl
Russia vs Ukraine. Missing plane. And a naked man in the MRT
shall I download auditionsea and play....... fuck man the old game HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHA
Man now my mama want be here until after 1:30
CBS > Man who saved baby's life on plane: "There was a big problem" twitterurl #news
#EPL: Ten-man twitterusername trim twitterusername 's twitterusername lead to 6 points. See twitterurl #HULMCI
Good night twitterusername the man I love most see u soon
??twitterusername you not a man but you're boy , can see de difft ha ????
Just started to watch pretty man. Next will Hotel King then back to fairy tail.
Siala! The green man really climbed out of the traffic light to cross the road!! twitterurl
In Which a Man Is Not Acquiring a Woman: A Wedding Redesign twitterurl #photojournalism
??twitterusername 0.0128gb of excess 3G cost me $18??? What's wrong with them man??? what the shittt
It's hard to be a man, but I'm doing all I can.
Don???t pick fights, that???s a mark of a weak man.
[TODAY] Man jailed 18 months for misappropriating fuel: SINGAPORE - A marine engineer who misapprop... twitterurl #singapore
And to top off a a great night, Man City 2 - 2 Sunderland \
Tumblr pictures fine but real pictures, you asking fr trouble man.
some small kid is blowing a whistle outside. that's fucking creepy man
Gameloft???s The Amazing Spider-Man 2 hits iOS twitterurl [iDB]
Time for some movies, documentaries or running man while doing my night shift. Goodbyeeeeeeee
#Polish man, 67, says he crossed Atlantic by kayak over six months twitterurl
We're both man utd fans but we are wearing liverpool and arsenal jerseys ! twitterusername
With all the looming duties and responsibilities. ....... I should just be a man.......
Buying baby biscuits, milk and diapers for my niece. Do I look a married man now?
Taylor Swift gets restraining order against man who claimed they are husband and wife twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Ayo twitterusername stop talking bout my grandson like that n***a" !!!! tellem old man
The guy behind him looks like the creepy pedo asian man OMG. twitterurl
Watching Sesame Street with my brother. Man I miss my childhood shows... :-(
Billy Joel and Jimmy Fallon Form 2-Man Doo-Wop Group Using iPad App - YouTube twitterurl
Idk man i've been thinking about you the whole damn day
(asiaone) MP Indranee Rajah speaks up about man mocked by Miss Universe Singapore finalist twitterurl
[ST] Man in Woodlands interchange spitting case found guilty; sentencing to be done on Friday twitterurl
Man in Woodlands interchange spitting case found guilty; sentencing to be done on Friday twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Man in Woodlands interchange spitting case found guilty; sentencing to be done on Friday twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges twitterurl
Police corporal who cheated man over $150 'fine' is jailed for cheating twitterurl #Singapore
(today) Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges twitterurl
Shit,it's time i watch Suits and mesmerize with man in suits being badass criminal.
Just finish watching Delivery Man on my bed! Damn nice ehh!
Quit the slacking man I wasn't like this a year ago :/
Going to leave this picture of this gorgeous man here w goodnight ??? twitterurl
Massive fighting spirit by the Man utd tonight. Oh and fuck liverpool cause they suck. #GGMU
Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges twitterurl twitterurl
Such an honor to take picture with a muscular man twitterurl
MT twitterusername #STAsiaReport: #Indonesia polls: PDI-P wants army man as Joko's running mate twitterurl twitterurl
can't go back to sleep so let's watch running man to brighten up my mood
Cecilia Cheung claims man rubbed arm against her chest repeatedly in movie theatre twitterurl
I saw your sister in the cornestone on the phone to the middle man.
Now when did we see wigan win man city b4 hehehe
Man who uploaded nude pictures of former girlfriend gets six weeks' jail twitterurl #Singapore
(today) ???Crazy??? man runs 1,300km in 31 days to encourage bone marrow donations twitterurl
Drunk man arrested after being subdued with taser at Chin Swee Road twitterurl
n__n #DefineBakasyon - strolling around with the cutiest and hottest man alive trailing behind :) twitterurl
[TODAY] Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse twitterurl
emo kid RT twitterusername #nowplaying Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man [Official Video] twitterurl
"Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause twitterurl
Definitely man RT twitterusername My biggest, biggest regret is going to sec 5..
When I Was Your Man. Such a tearjerker. Awesome job twitterusername #MoonshineJungleTour
Running man Ep 191 Running hills cowboy gold style next week ^^
Jamie Foxx is singing now at the press con of The Amazing Spider-Man 2.  Lol\
[TNP] Neighbours save man from blaze and find showering sister also trapped twitterurl
Man gets 12 weeks' jail for insulting modesty of teen and peeping at her twitterurl
[ST] Man gets 12 weeks' jail for insulting modesty of teen and peeping at her twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man arrested for obscene act on public bus twitterurl
Family of man who died in twitterusername accident haven't decided on action against organiser twitterurl twitterurl
You look cool dude we should hang out ??? Thanks man why not! twitterurl
Through one Man???s righteous act the free gift came to all men. ???Romans 5:18
This man was playing through a tube and a funnel. I cannot.
Only thing you got is some years on me man fuck u & yo time difference !!
"twitterusername Fucking miracle if man utd get through to semi finals" takkan........
Hoping to see a better and muchh improved man u side during the 2nd leg! #GGMU
Now my baby's on the phone, but she's on the phone with another man ??????
By wuyuzhuang "Man Vs Machine! More than 1000 youth participated in this loudest, biggest, craziest?? twitterurl
Moyes , do you like hate asians? Bring in Kagawa man. Seriously.
I wont go back even though man utd is losing badly
a man united fan once told me to not blame the referee.
My dawg Zanettu free man gotta fuck wit my dawg tomorrow bih
My dawg Zanetti done jumped man my dawg free gotta fuck wit him tomorrow bih
[CNA] Man investigated for making false report of armed robbery twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man investigated for making false report of armed robbery twitterurl
Man videoed spitting at woman now on trial, says she called him "Stupid Malay" twitterurl
Heavy rain, cold wind and a boombox playing bruno mars song. This is the shit man.
'I thought I was possessed': S'pore man on battling schizophrenia twitterurl #Singapore
CBS > Calif. man arrested in subway-bombing terrorism plot twitterurl #news
Lesson of the evening: STAY HUMBLE. Man like uncle Terry shut his dream right down loool
When rich nigga want you and your man cant do nothing for ya.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Xiaomi Considers Closer Ties With Asia's Richest Man - Wall Street J... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Man who 'stole' Eiffel Tower is back -- with another amazing trick twitterurl twitterurl
omg I saw ip man at far east plaza and Lobang waved to meee
When I get home, I'm so gonna make love to my bed. Yeah man.
It's so quiet... All Man Utd fans still recovering from yesterday night? #LFC #LiverpoolFC #LiverpoolvsManchesterUnited
"twitterusername The Internet Gave This Homeless Man $32,000 For Being Incredibly Selfless twitterurl via twitterusername
Man tries to unload ice-cooler, and ends up being trapped under it twitterurl twitterurl
PHOTO: Man who used stolen Italian passport to board missing #MH370 flight not identified yet twitterurl
Lmao I'm going to stop my sexual tweets so I can get a man
Never wanted to be the man just wanted ah 100 grand ..
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl ????????(MBLAQ) - ??????????? (Be a man) Music Video
can't stop myself from imagining how they suffered while drowning :'( fuck man
How childish to make fun of those thots i mean man???
Fkkkk man just came back guard duty just now straight kena turn out-.- Nbcb
This is not how you hold a pet: Man handles hamster roughly on train  twitterurl twitterurl
IP MAN RT twitterusername Bruce Lee lost a fight only once in his\
He said it again tho lol it's a girl too & he saying " come on man "
[NEW POST] Running Man Will Participate in Asian Dream Cup 2014 in Indonesia twitterurl
Come on you devils! I want man city to drop points.
Girlfriend ??twitterusername My next boyfriend would be the man of my kids.???
One Million KG Challenge: Man loses 40kg after health scare twitterurl #Singapore
Haven't packed at all fml seriously haven't watch running man also LOL FMLx2.
[PREVIEW] Next week episode of Running Man in Australia PART 3! ????????? ??????? "????????????? ???" twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for allegedly attacking and molesting at least one woman twitterurl
An angry woman is a hungry woman.. Bring me some burgers man!
(yahoo) Man in Woodlands spitting incident sentenced to 5 weeks jail twitterurl
Man charged with causing death of four along CTE by dangerous driving twitterurl #Singapore
My medical appointment took damm long man........ I wanna go home
CTE accident: Man charged with causing death of 4 along CTE by dangerous driving twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man charged with causing death of four along CTE by dangerous driving twitterurl
the day hojoon wears my gift is the day the sky will drop man LOL
[TODAY] Little India riot: Officer cannot recognise man whose arrest he ordered twitterurl
PRC man arrested for public drunkenness and hurting a police officer twitterurl
dude Eisenhower is the man omfg I just wanna give him a high five
Fish man gone..next smell coming in is the in.dian smellll....
Karate man S. Senthilkumaran & swimming ace Khoo Cai Lin named Sportsman & Sportswoman of the Year twitterurl
Come on guys take a picture of you shitting man hahahahaha
#nowplaying Chance The Rapper - Pusha Man (ft. Nate Fox & Lili K.)
Talented Taiwanese student can create anything from cardboard -- even Iron Man twitterurl twitterurl
Man eats mee goreng at McDonald's -- and argues with staff when told not to twitterurl twitterurl
Man won't lick stinky and fucking shit smelly pussy -Khong Khek Quat-
unappreciative of what u have lol just stfu man hah people are having real world problems
Man fined $6000 for giving her stepdaughter a kiss on her cheek without her permission twitterurl
Police looking for man in connection with theft at shopping centre twitterurl twitterurl
"Only a weak man, will know the value of strength, knows the value, of power"
Still can't believe SASS has a no smoking sign hahaha wtf man to that freaking extent
i cannot man. im sitting here and asking hairul about everything happening there HAHAHAHA.
??twitterusername Only men get this twitterurl but I'm not a man
good for desperate measures RT twitterusername Coffee is nasty stuff man
BAHAHAHAAHxD"twitterusername Man City without Yaya Toure is like satay without the peanut sauce. #MissingKeyIngredient"
It's sad to see man city missing their best midfielder Yaya toure tho.
Chillax man c still got one game in hand and Liverpool has yet to play Chelsea
Ok ok. Time to calm down and do my chord charts. Oh man. :')
[TOC] Man dies from injuries from self-immolation at Johor Baru twitterurl
Just remembered d gray man didn't continue anymore haha fucking sian
[Y!] Man arrested for trying to tailgate through Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
Gary reveals his jealousy over Song Ji Hyo on Running Man twitterurl twitterurl
Wow I forgot about hydroxy at 830 tmr I am dead man
As a Man Utd fan, I'm not sure which team to root for this match
Ok, time for the big game. #nowwatching Liverpool v Man City.
Shall spend my night at work by watching running man yay
Watch The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Premiere Live Online - Yahoo Movies UK twitterurl
Working everyday this whole week man. But..... It's Gna worth it! ??????
Early mrng scold people I feel bad but it really screwed up my work man
got some chewy chocolate cookies and green tea too man this is the life
[ST] Man arrested for alleged housebreaking and theft in Hougang twitterurl
Shit can I find a man who actually wants a girlfriend ?
Man arrested over three 'random' stabbing attacks twitterurl Anything can happen even in the broad daylight.
"twitterusername What am i doing with my life man.." eat sleep rave repeat
Kevvie Babo DJ be careful bec areful that our nails colour man
I couldnt sleep when theres bayern vs man utd second leg starts at 2.45 ahahahaa
Grandfather, 54, jailed for helping brother and son beat up man at coffeeshop twitterurl
[ST] Grandfather, 54, jailed for helping brother and son beat up man at coffeeshop twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man fined for getting others to take rap for traffic offences twitterurl
(today) Man jailed one week for Kaki Bukit dorm fight twitterurl
Why Mayweather doesn't want to fight with Manny pac-man????? Always turning down the offer
Re: What Guys Look For In Girls (couldnt agree more with this man!!) twitterurl
My fucking charger broke man, two of them broke in one week I'm sick
My face ain't fully awake yet man which means my ugly on full attack
Ah Boy to man up: Noah Yap to enlist for national service twitterurl twitterurl
man with slang turn me on.lulz #tollgateasmara cannot forget Dani ckp indon.soooooooo charming~ wooo~~
Man Utd using 4-4-2 formation instead of the 4-2-3-1 formation
What if cancer was a man-made disease made during the war and went wrong.
CBS > Woman says young man was killed protecting her twitterurl #news
Man sentenced to 12 months??? jail for abusing his two former girlfriends twitterurl
[Y!FB] A man in the US is among the first to get a "bionic eye".\
(asiaone) Man arrested for attempting to enter S'pore without valid pass twitterurl
Casillas! RT twitterusername Menurut lo siapa yg jd man of the match?
Dress down today bc i wana get home to sleep asap man fucking shag
Malaysian man arrested for attempting to breach Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[TODAY] Man fined S$64,500 for selling e-cigarettes online twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Man fined S$64500 for selling e-cigarettes online - TODAYonline: Strai... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
[TOC] Newsbites ??? Another checkpoint incident, Internet controls, and PGP: Man caught attempting to... twitterurl #singapore
Man arrested for attempting to breach Woodlands Checkpoint: SINGAPORE - A male Malaysian national was arrested... twitterurl
Man reverses a video of him walking backwards in Tokyo -- with interesting results twitterurl twitterurl
Meh you shouldn't be rushing a cake down your throat you should enjoy it man
Man, your cryptic monologues have a way of freaking one out! You good tho?\
I'm one of the boiz tonight but I'm treated like a queen. Aaaaah man :)
Stop rt-ing this stupid miley cyrus pregnant rumours and shit man
"Stomp : Man rescues koi fish that was left to 'dry up' in Choa Chu Kang canal"
We have now lost 2 times against everton,liverpool, chelsea, man city this feeling suck
Man Utd are done for this season.hope next season we rise again.
Like that anybody also can have their song popular and make big bucks... what rubbish man
my Man Of The Match: Schwarzer. he did brilliant saves today, great job schwarzee!
i dont fucking care wht place man united is at now but ggmu for life bye
I want Mr.Chin back man. This Dr.Chua do things anyhow sial
Man in China experiencing "marital problems" ploughs into pedestrians, kills 6 twitterurl twitterurl
Happy birthday and I hope you had a blast! See you around man! twitterusername
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername we need this chicken man to do this kind of job. twitterurl
Man distressed by his divorce rams car into people, killing 6 in China twitterurl
shiiiiiiiit forgot to talk to my mom about seeing Spider-Man on Friday
Man, here's an SF music festival  that's going on during my trip to the US! twitterurl
Martin Garrix's set at ultra has a lot of Asian chicks man
Homeless man? No one realised this person was actually a world famous movie star twitterurl twitterurl
Driver nearly gets into an accident with man who uses phone while driving twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man charged with organising illegal procession against new media rules twitterurl
Fan of Running Man? You're not going to like this latest news twitterurl twitterurl
Man who threw projectiles at police officers in Little India riot pleads guilty twitterurl twitterurl
Shoutout to the stingy girls who got gifts but aint giving they man no booty .
Seriously man fuck all of you upside down inside out up and down left & right
HT Man Utd v Real Madrid : 1-1 . Shakhtar v Dortmund : 1-1
the man utd fan living above my house is annoying -.- stop stomping your feet lah.
100% Agree rt twitterusername De Gea - Man of the match for me.???
How the fuck Real Madrid could only draw with Man United -.-
Shit man if I was schooling, I would do the Harlem shake with my classmates haha
Valentine cake from my best friend ^_^ thanks a lot man haha!! So sweet~ twitterurl
Eng done. Bm & maths halfway done. Awh man, i'm dead tmr. But heckcare ah. #tired #sleepy
Fuck yeah Varane is starting in the line up against Man Utd later!
Real Madrid 3:1 Man Utd, FC Shakhtar Donetsk 1:2 Borussia Dortmund. #Prediction #UCL
Man.. being in love with u was crazy.. so many emotions
??twitterusername Australian man beheads 69-year-old father during family quarrel twitterurl wtf wow
Russian man so angry he smashes car window with bare hands              twitterurl
I am a 22 year old man with the looks of 27. Jeez...
"twitterusername Man who is bad singer break into song because he can't find the key." LOLOL
Man uses NTUC grocery bags as pillow and falls asleep under #CNY tree decor      twitterurl
Wah this kind of rain is really River Hongbao, man. #CNY
Australian man beheads 69-year-old father during family quarrel twitterurl
WHAT!!? ??twitterusername Chinese man sues after dog dies while having a facelift twitterurl
Oh man it's a storm. Storm is here. Raining so huge can't even see the road.
brudder fell asleep on my bed dude get the fuck off stop snoring man
I want to experience playing one of the fun Running Man games someday
I'm cool with running man. I'm cool with kpop and stuff. I just hate wannabes.
Amazing Thailand's Got Talent - Man or Woman? (Subbed - English): twitterurl Hahahahaha wtf lah...
Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus twitterurl via twitterusername
One for the right ah guys WHAT IS THIS MAN twitterurl
running man is like a million times more entertaining than kpop lbr
??twitterusername How the hell that mat rep can get that type if girl man???
Fast 6, world war z, hunger games 2, iron man 3 !!!!!! Happy 2013
[PREVIEW] Running Man Episode 133: twitterurl Miss Mong really..WOW!! *Big Claps*
Joseph is pleased not only by God, but he pleased the man too..
Man City vs Leeds: Aguero 2 Gol, City Menang 4-0 - Yahoo! Sports Indonesia twitterurl
A Big Boot. A CodeBreaker. Finally, an R.K.O. The big man is out of the chamber!
Drunk man at coffeeshop wakes up feeling embarrassed by the stares he's getting twitterurl
"twitterusername 130217 running man in Macao CNBLUE's I'm a loner twitterurl via twitterusername
Ruins and Remembrance: Ivan Man Dy's Walking Tour of #Corregidor Island, #Philippines. twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername
watching the dunk contest!! Man Eric Bledsoe's Reverse windmill was sick!!
Man makes girlfriend 520 origami hearts for Valentine's Day -- out of $100 bills      \
The best moment . Spent time with the sibling . And nengok running man :D
"twitterusername Note 2 maybe? This broken phone is irritating me..." I feel you man ??
Man gets 2 weeks??? jail for not reporting death of his sex partner twitterurl
Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang fought in 'duel of century' during Ip Man filming \
O_o Man charged with outraging modesty of girl twitterurl via twitterusername
??twitterusername Man charged with molesting teen male on bus twitterurl wtf
[CNA] Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner twitterurl
Cant believe I'm telling you all these. That shows my trust in you man.
#WaysToMakeMeMad Hurt my girlfriends feeling. Ouh man I'm fucking crazy cursing on you.
blessed to have a blocked nose tonight haha cant smell a thing man!
Hope it's a good news if not I'll be fucking guilty man fuck
Am wondering ......army mature us.. So I wonder does brunei makes us more wildly man ?
Rocket man! I remember twitterusername singing this on idol 2 seasons ago.
shit man I forgot how to do most of the sec1-3 math problems
Oh man ive to take up the course dad wants me too cries cries
Wth am i supposed to write fr the eng speech man
"Trying to make it work but man, these times are hard." The Script.
Man! So many futsal to plan this month. How to plan for alumni meetings?
Mechanics got to clear from my brain man. You're done over
Im trying to be a better man.. the perfect one in your life..
We all want something beautiful man I wish I was beautiful
Alia tonight running man is way too awesome.Funny weh rugi tak tengok
Omg missed her truckloads man. It seems like forever since the last time I saw her.
??twitterusername I remember seeing a shooting star during adventure camp...... awww man miss it :-(???
Can Running Man organize their show in Singapore, PLEASE!!!!!! twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Finally 2-0!!! The old man Giggs has done it again!!! #GGMU
Man U !!! RT:??twitterusername Full time 2-0! 15 points clear :))???
YES YES RT ??twitterusername i got a feeling, this year man united angkat.???
Okay thats it. Not gonna sleep. Shall continue watching running man (:,
Wtf really cannot believe I'm the only part timer working on Sunday . Fml man sigh :(
Wah piang eh! 20 mins for the bus is no joke man!
??twitterusername A real woman never let's her man leave the house hungry or horny.??? Huntonglah !!
"twitterusername i swear when running man comes i must go see themmmm" YES (':
running man pls come to singapore and play in USS!!! or orchard!!! bugis is even better!!!
I rather gentel my own ball than watching man united match .
Hunter acquitted of killing man mistaken for bear twitterurl via twitterusername
Watching the boy silat. Oh man i was part of it last time...
like.... idk man. it isn't righr. you're scaring the person even more than they should be
??twitterusername #ImThatTypeOfPersonWho likes to eat :D alot alot man!!!!??? & will never ever ever gets fat.
Fml man . What is this shit. Being sleep deprived every day ?
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername thanks lah an??? miss you guys man... Sigh.., ??
??twitterusername What's with today man why am I feeling this way???
"twitterusername [130304] VID Running Man Episode 135 with Siwon (Eng sub) twitterurl
I Know Man I Wear It So Ugly ?? ??twitterusername twitterusername I don't like sad on you!???
LOL. i'm in my Man U. RT twitterusername Damn enthu wearing my Liverpool jersey out ??
Almost cried when reading Man and Boy while in the train.
Shit man, How am i going to contact the twitterusername when her phone flattttttttttt
Fucking hate Man U since i was a kid. Ha ha ha sorry la Fans Manu ??
AsiaClassifiedToday: The best man to run Google Australia - Technology Spectator: The best ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
??twitterusername SBS Running Man with Siwon [FULL] [ENG SUB] ??? From 130303 twitterurl
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity.
Man faces jail time, driving ban for stealing SUV twitterurl #Singapore
But His creations are never ugly. Human perception is man-made. Nothing compared to divine definition
Nvm Man U, still got title hopes for BPL & FA Cup... #GGMU
So just now morning Real Madrid vs Man Utd which team won? Score?
'#Batman' hands over man wanted for handling stolen goods and fraud to UK police      twitterurl
this pervert old man is messaging me trying to add me on facebook omg
Man today was really my last day smoking .. I detoxed & everything today "test in" lol
[TNP] S'pore man feared drowned in Hawaii after being swept away by huge wave twitterurl
Search continues for Singapore man swept out to sea - Honolulu Star-Advertiser: KITV HonoluluSearch continues ... twitterurl
finishing up the back design ugh and then the front eh walau man
Just now was, running man, naruto and soccer all the way
I think jose wanna take over man u after saf retirement :x
Eh maap bg (???)? RT twitterusername Slow way Rttwitterusername GGMU ( Galau Galau Man. United )"
Man Utd played well and leading but the red card ruin everything #GGMU #Manutd
I wonder have mum made breakfast or not. I'm starving man.
Fuck fuck the Indian man beside me has serious body odor problems somebody save me please.. ??
Hulkbuster sweet lord can I just watch iron man 3 now and fir
SOOOOOOO cute! RT twitterusername Chanel out there supporting her man. the cute.>
Y'all Don't Know How Mad I Am Man Lol . I Gotta Laugh From Killing Somebody #ImCrazy
been watching so much running man i have significantly lessened my gameplay vidjos
LOLOLOL. that was one of the less awkward idol-fan meet kinda thing man.
We???ll keep the Red flag flying high, ???cos Man United will never die??
Seems like im not the only one o___O ??twitterusername my leg feels like jelly man wtfreak???
gosh why so weak. i m nt gg to cry here man!
Now time to clean apart, trim apart, fall apart, like a man living my apart , yolo ...
Man who pushed elderly woman off bus ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment twitterurl
So abah is probably in the plane right now and meep have a good one man.
Are you talking about yourself? Haha damn dude you totally got me man. Nice joke.
This one man who's so in love with my boyfriend --> twitterusername
YES. I hope he's not working tomorrow man fuck. ????twitterusername twitterusername THAT GUY???
#ImTiredOfHearing so... Are you the man or the woman in the relationship? #gayproblems
Dad just asked me.... the question. Any girlfriends? Wah dont know how to react man
shitttt man why did I do tht omggggg now she's gonna think you're lesbian or smth
Man Utd vs Chelsea #FACup (@ Restoran Singgah Selalu w/ 4 others) twitterurl
When you say glory glory man united , I'll say all glory belongs to Allah SWT ??
#Love #Quotes #bus #man #photooftheday #Photo ##textgram #news #GoodNight #nature #Alhamdulillah #Allah twitterurl
Man United srsly need to buck up in the 2nd half sia #GGMU
Samtsui version of when i was your man is better thn jason chen . #NoH8
Man declared brain dead after being hit by van at Hougang\
This is just Common Test and I'm dying. How about A level man....
"I would rather teach one man to pray than ten men to preach." - Charles Spurgeon twitterurl
Man declared brain dead after being hit by van at Hougang twitterurl
Man posing as manpower ministry official molests young woman - Malaysia Chronicle: Malaysia ChronicleMan posin... twitterurl
Everybody will got cry, will got hurts although to a strongest man in the world~
"twitterusername the script - the man who cant be moved, that song will be good forever"
War News Updates > The Man Behind The Australian Commando Integrated Combat Package: \
Cristiano Ronaldo, a man thought to be arrogant, did something emotional like that. How incredible.
Miss my bros. #throwback #familia lol hahaha geli fak man fak twitterurl
You're missing Verena right? :P ??? Yea man, feels like years since I last saw her!! :((( twitterurl
I need to cut my nails really soon man.. Its breaking one by one,
Oh man. No more TODAY. :( auntie why today you give out so fast....
[ST] Man jailed for threatening to throw woman from 11th floor, slapping woman twitterurl
Like wth is wrong with you man! You got a problem with me is it?
Eating a meal that is worth your day's salary. Lol sad life man
LOL Tmw unit camp alr, n I still happily ps3ing and watching running man
Man Pops the Question With Terrifyingly Romantic Movie Trailer twitterurl twitterusername
"twitterusername Saw twitterusername just now" Bunny pon kau kenal!? Wtf!? The world is too small man!
Never trust twitterusername to take a photo man he makes the most beautiful things ugly. ??
[PICS] Running Man EPI 136 - Yoo Jaesuk twitterurl We Are "Gary" scene : twitterurl ^^
Man surprised to find beehive hidden above his car tyre twitterurl
??twitterusername shall watch running man episode 134 now! Gonna laugh on an empty stomach! HAHA???
Japan man jailed for 19 years for killing Nepalese restaurateur twitterurl
btw i got into tp running man ... anybody else inside too ? D:
Man The 215 Fwy Lanes Are Killing Me I Feel Like Im In Tijuana
in a four man tent spending the night. Gotta wake up in 3 hours time.
Very likely ??twitterusername twitterusername Someone just tweeted that new Pope will be a man  #PopeWatch???
man im inlove with my bg hihi ((((that freakishly rhymed lol))))
Police seeking information on missing 63 year-old man - AsiaOne: AsiaOnePolice seeking information on missing ... twitterurl
woohyun dont even need to try to be cute man he's so natural.  Freak
Still the Same Man (feat. John Christian & Nilson) [Original Club Mix] - Nicky Romero #nowplaying twitterurl
Man fined $1,000 for mischief by damaging two pieces of brand new lingerie twitterurl
??twitterusername Man fined $1,000 for mischief by damaging two pieces of brand new lingerie twitterurl LOL
Lucky man catches 600kg fish in Atlantic Ocean using just rod and line twitterurl
wah same goes for the janoskis. this is some sad shit man D:
Fucking hate moment when we suddenly know that our got girlfriend already.Is like wtf man
JT is the man but this cover is awesome! "Suit & Tie (Acoustic Cover) - Tori Kelly" twitterurl
??twitterusername This man is sitting on my fucking skirt ahhhh!!!!!!!!! Bingettt??? << HAHAHAHAHAHAH ????
AsiaClassifiedToday: Malaysia's Tan Twan Eng Wins Man Asian Prize - Wall Street Journal- ... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Not all foreign workers are bad -- just like this man helping out after PIE accident twitterurl
Somebody pls stop me from listening to when i was your man before i cry
Happy Birthday Bro twitterusername , have a blast one ! See you around someday man
As a man, if u filling up c and d cups... ??
Man escorted off by staff after smoking in City Hall MRT station\
Like really man. Anyone wanna step into his shoes and do what he does?
Football: Everton tear Man City's Premiership title hopes to shreds twitterurl
What's wrong with my nose man, literally sneeze the whole day.. ??
Yawns z z z, night . Since man u leading , I should sleep ..
Man U attacking from left to right & vice versa & Rooney almost got the 2nd goal...
I just said aloud " bitch I'm the man" and my mama got PTFO ????
my pimple rlly needa maintain and take a chill pill man
#Lucky man catches 600kg marlin in Atlantic Ocean using just rod and line      twitterurl
Missing my handsome man in London! Come back faster you idiot!
What the fuck you went from 110 to 87?! Kudos man!! ??? Yuuuup hahaha thanks! :) twitterurl
Lelaki yang joget dougie infront of me ystd....... HAISH I WANNA MARRY YOU MAN. ??????
#NowPlaying ? Nowhere Man / Rubber Soul [2009 Stereo Remaster] - The Beatles twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername eh sorry didnt se your tweet just now! thanks anww" hahah its okay man!
the man almost died if he stand a liitle more near the bike,gosh
??twitterusername Woman make man's life difficult??? not all woman. Man does that too(:
Straight to the heart. </3 RT twitterusername twitterusername no, You're a pinoy hahahahahahhahaha kidding man
Who's worse: Australian man who watched porn in office or guy who put his pic online?\
hate how math pulls my gpa down fuck that shit man
"I love ms sumitha man. She gives alot of homeworks yay." SAYS NO ONE EVER.
#nowplaying on class 95fm when I was your man - Bruno mars ;)
Whatever man. You're always angry when we don't agree with your opinions. Screw you.
the running man producer is considering fliming here in singapore. hope so!!!!
These past days,i am always late. gah fuck this shit man.
Hope Man U lose they said. 20th title coming their way they never said. #GGMU
Fucking miss thoes times man.. twitterusername faqihhalim faruq_pastor asyrafarifin twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Nyehehe RT twitterusername [PIC] Man In Love - Jacket photo - Sungjong 1 twitterurl
#badluckfarah RTtwitterusername why does every man I'm attracted to turn out gay?? LOL
901 is seriously pissing me off! Dont fuck w me man, its already fucking hot
Yeon Hee is fine but that girl? UGHH RT RunningManCast: Running Man Ep 139\
??twitterusername I mean where's fluffy ????far out man.. I'm fluffy as well
When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.
Fuck sia the man with iron fist i watch until i going puke zZz
Galauuuu "twitterusername Do all the things I should have done when I was your man!"
Cooking Up Something For Da Homie twitterusername Man!! We Dropping Something Real Soon #Family
ice cream man, u sell what ice cream ah ? xD ??? Potong twitterurl
Man of the match: Mahalli dgn Apek. Tp paling power Safiq Rahim
Baju Shaf yg ade tulis "support Man United.Hate Chelsea" kwajaa seyh Shaf..
Wtf ??twitterusername Man finds 7cm knife in back three years after stabbing twitterurl twitterurl
Skateboarding is like the best way to relieve my stress man.
Do all the things i should have done when i was your man.
u wont see this but incase u do, check tht hashtags out man #BeenABelieberSince twitterusername
Past few nights of staying up has drained my energy totally man. I need my rest!
??twitterusername Singaporean man found dead in burning Johor Baru house twitterurl Woah
I can turn into a large enormous green man waering purple shorts sial when i'm hungry
Huh??!! Crazy eh. ??twitterusername Man finds 7cm knife in back three years after stabbing twitterurl twitterurl
Hearing this story about this young man and I want to cry ..
[ST] Man arrested for suspected theft of gold bar and watches from pawn shops twitterurl
Wohooo.. Playing OMSI on my dad laptop ^^ . Drive the MAN Double Deck Bus once again ^^
Good luck guys twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and twitterusername win man guys :-) all the best
Totally likes Kim WooBin after watching Running Man Ep138. He is just seriously fxxking handsome!!! twitterurl
Was planning to catch-up on tvd and running man. Gp ruins my plan!
SAP #Sales #Job: Key Account Manager SAP Service Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??...) twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
rewatching arsenal u-21 v man utd u-21.. what a player twitterusername and twitterusername is!
Jurong shipyard blaze: Man in critical condition with burns to 38% of his body twitterurl
My Chemical Romance breaking up? Or broke up? Fuck man such an awesome band
Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus twitterurl #Singapore
I need to stop being late and spand money on cabbing man... seriously..
RT twitterusername Fuck iPhone battery life man, it drains so fast.
#AutoFollowBack Apple man fearing dark days for cloud - The Independent twitterurl #TeamFollowBack
twitterusername I know this because you are a grown man eating applesauce from a plastic cup.
(Stomp) Man fails to return iPhone even after his photos are captured by app: \
hi! Google Sues Apple; Dog Bites Man (GOOG, AAPL) - DailyFinance  #google #news
twitterusername "Oh man, it's just an apple, such a boring logo."
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press: twitterurl admi... twitterurl
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home twitterurl
If those clients were female la of coz dun want some old hairy man m
Old man, young woman: Check out Hollywood's most mismatched couples twitterurl
(ST) Man jailed for using fake degrees, forging testimonials to get senior management jobs twitterurl
Man jailed for using fake degrees, forging testimonials to get senior management jobs twitterurl
??twitterusername Sometimes you care, sometimes you don't. Young man, make up your mind.???
Man arrested for sending multiple false emergency messages - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan arrested for sending multiple f... twitterurl
Burnt people too much till he can't take it and went to draw circles man. Aiyo.
30points and 15points. Still kena scolded what. What's the point man
Woman in Taipei saved by young man after falling onto train tracks \
Irfan fadhli has been reported to have signed a 3 year contract with man utd. #JanuaryTransferWindow
Saw the man who usually hang out at the void deck got handcuffed ??
Very good! which eps? RT twitterusername twitterusername cos I'm watching running man ??
AsiaClassifiedToday: Interview: A practical man - Hindustan Times: Hindustan TimesInterview: ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
you are a fucking sec2 like wtf can you do man
Met some idiots met some fuckers and met some assholes...but heyy it was fun man!!
I wanna watch the upcoming episode of Running Man! Infinite's L is there!! Aaaargh!!
What do you like watching the most on television? ??? running man twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername hahaha why so down girl ???? haha down? not really man. :-)
Guy in running man : I love you, please forgive my sins. \
When having new friend, old friend call us flirt. NO LINK MAN!
Fucking jiu-jitsu that caucasian man !  Fucking punch my fren in da face
Wah now suddenly all the Man U fan best friend with Arsenal fans ah! Good job
??twitterusername Am I the only one that don't watch Running Man.........??? doesn't*
i remember crying during one match against tw. aww man that was a long time ago.
Wah , it was good to hear you voice lah bro . See you soon man twitterusername ????
Okay, gonna have dinner while watching Man United vs Liverpool match . Jemput makan everyone :) . Bismillah #GGMU
Howard Webb being the referee for today game? Man utd win. Hehehe
I saw more thn 10 ppl in SP wearing Man Utd jersey todayy. Including me. Hahahaha
Holding a health magazine that has "Life begins at 40." Man I'm getting old..
fuck man i still cannot decide and make up my mind fuck my life :(
Graphic video: Man swinging on electrical pylon gets massive shock twitterurl
omg myungsoo so damn fucking hot and handsome ahhh love the hairstyle man <3
Tell him welcome to the show yeah I do that for my man
Running Man in school today was fun/scary/thrilling/tiring :D
Aaah..shouldnt have left my watercolor in the locker man..tsk.mcm mane ni.bsk tk skola.
Watching Hugh Jackman's interview. Wow. He sure is a great man.
"You're too young to get stressed. You need to chill-out man!" -- Boss.
Forgot to withdraw cash .. Fck this man .. My work don't have ATM some more .. CB!!
Hong Kong Man Buying Up City's Haunted Houses twitterurl // ??????????? ??Huffington Post??? ?HuffPost ??????? Hong Kong's re...
Be strong ok my dearest man... You can you can do it...
PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done twitterurl
Sad to hear that people say my face is not those studious type. :( Why man why? :(
AsiaClassifiedToday: Rory McIlroy Becomes Golf's $250 Million Dollar Man - TIME (blog): TIM... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Thank you nep! RT twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday man!!!!! May Allah bless you :)
Man charged for stealing 2 litres of cough syrup from Tampines clinic twitterurl
I'm a fierce man-eating Polar Bear !...Are you scared,now? LOL !!!!\
A cat. Wearing an Iron Man helmet. Made from grapefruit. Thank you, Interwebs. twitterurl
Every man is guilty for all the good he did not do.
"twitterusername im jogging now. like iron man. twitterurl ....ohhh u so tempting me....
Found my air-horn for WP rally! Looking forward to see the trumpet man! :D
I'm a observer. I observe shit. I notice everything man. I just don't say shit.
Nah im fine bro RT twitterusername twitterusername what's man? Macam stress ajee.
Pek lah you RT twitterusername Not hellboy? Sheyy... RT twitterusername Sleepy as hell man.
Man continues eating on bus even after being warned by driver twitterurl
???Iron Man 3??? Product Placement Deal Will See Tony Stark Wield Chinese Gadgets twitterurl via twitterusername
Gackt selling sake.... gackt is everywhere. Man.... he and his management is smarter than sm
I have soooo many videos on my computer where im just being stupid man lol
My effort all this while are worthless because of one man . BECAUSE OF YOU madafaka .
Ape laa Saiful. She's only my bestfriend and i dont have feelings for her. Cmon man
"Don't cry for a man who's left you, the next one may fall for your smile."
"fuh this is the life man; watching tv and smoking with you guys"
listening to hardwell on air makes me wanna dance man fuck
Got to stay awake . Gonna sleep only after work is done . Fuck it man !
or Lee Soo Man ahjussi please build a private airport and private planes juseyo!!!!!!!!
Ouch! "twitterusername West Ham manager - Allardyce charged by FA over Man United comments *"
[PICS] EPI 129 Running Man VS Idol Team ???VS??? twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
[PICS] Running Man EPI 129 - Kim Jongkook is protecting the Dongsaeng!! ???!!! ? twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername lol no judging over here sister act" LMFAO THIS MAN JUST SAID 'SISTER ACT'
The man who knocks on the brothel door is knocking for God.
Just saying not blaming RT twitterusername twitterusername hahaha, one man show, the referee show.. :D
I just ate but my tummy is making noises what is this man
I feel like dancing !! .. Man I wasn't like this few months back ..
Taiwanese driver earns plaudits after carrying elderly man on and off the bus \
so we have to wait for another 1hr for the ferry la hais tak kelakar man
come on man i need the bus to hub i wnt to pee hahwhwuseijwkqkajsna
Aw man! I am getting worried about tomorrow! Just wait and see!
why are all our SS notes so colourful?  eh hello, blinding, man.
Yonghwa again?!?!!?!!! He's the one who appear in running man the most times!
:C RT twitterusername 130120 Running Man Minho looks so depressed after being eliminated :c twitterurl
i hope kyu alright....but he would be he is a very strong man
"twitterusername Finally!!The Running Man Marathon!!" Omg youre watching it too?!?!?!?
yeah man i like to know people???s first impression of me hahahaha
Shall do my Isyak Prayers before watching Man United match against Spurs.
"OMG Namra is wearing a dress tmr. Mission hunt Namra down in SP." DAFUQ man, DAFUQ.
Jonghyun Busted + Forever Happy [Running Man] - replaying this cos i love proud loser Jonghyun's laughter twitterurl
Im stl mad AF dat i lost my earring man ughh!!
Fuck lah kene race I'm not good at driving in games man
Wa jadi police officer man. 4 years back was Army. Now policeman kene plak march twitterurl
ms huang's design for the class tee is based of running man lol
awww man. D-Pryde got nominated to be a 2013 XXL Freshmen. Great work!
Doing work standing at one place is more tiring then doing work moving around man!????
I wanna watch wgm. Eh no running man. Ok la both now. But haiya.... too tired.
Man, I'm so happy that my colleague bringing me to Malaysia!
Sigh. This way Im bringing my self esteem down man. I must stop this.
My my.. after a very long day, this is the last thing I need, man. Honestly.
I be really crying , y'all don't understand how I feel about this man #FREEBOOSIE
Thanks bro for always put smile on me. Yeah Odd is strong, man. Strong.
i foresee ppl gonna argue on twitter about partying & all. calm your tits down, man
This man got 12 kids 8 different baby mommas smh #JudgeMathis
when is a door not a door? when the door is a jar HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA fuck man
what man going to like hg 1 again to eat in my jersey HAHAHA
How is this man sitting with 100k with no followers or followings?
??twitterusername twitterusername it is possible.??? Why???? :/ im from 171cm drop to 168cm man
Man arrested for online threat against Kenneth Jeyaretnam: Mr Kenneth Jeyaretnam leaves the Sengkang Neighbourho... twitterurl
A man wields no greater power if he keeps waiting and do nothing
A man who hits a girl . You got balls ? I don't think so .
??twitterusername Those who yang private account, abeh dah unprivatise, i love you all man (':???thisssss
man, i really wanna see D-Pryde on this year's XXL freshmen cypher.
Rusli Zainal "twitterusername Sir twitterusername it this Friday Keramat in KPK sir? Who's the Man?"
*upload the fame perfume* | an idiot man  commented with shit words
Man!! This new soap I'm using got my bobbies feeling ??soft.... ????????
If u love man utd, you're my certified friend ?? Hahaha chey kidding
AsiaClassifiedToday The Philippine story: 'Sick man of Asia' now transforming, revitalized, d... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
#np- bidadari ( coboy junior) <3 owww man. They're extremely, qt hot sexy
Hmm trying not to go to Masjid Mujahidin... Its too far man.
They're playing artic monkeys on bfm ! This is sick man :D haha
Ain't no man gone be able to spoil me more than I'm gunna already spoil myself.!
while waiting for the rest to send me the biochem report.., i'm gonna watch running man
Wife of paralysed man takes stand in suit against Sembawang Town Council twitterurl
Eh team bola regent nye jersey lawar lah siol this year mcm man utd
Do all the things i should have done when i was your man
(ST) Police arrest man for committing obscene acts in public twitterurl
Doing self evaluation is like asking a sales man to promote their products
Yeah man RT twitterusername I checked my result 2weeks ago. I can sleep tonight.
Man I got some shit get me in the stu asap
Man charged for bringing in foreign workers with no intention of hiring them twitterurl
My shoulder hurt man Kenny was eating my shit up big ass bruise
disgusting ??twitterusername President Obama to twitterusername at White House, "It's your world, man." twitterurl
"The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides, never decides." \
I tot is me , but not me :( ! Is really useless like this man !
Guess ill get up and take my lil man to ihop ??
Currently reading MALCOLM: The Life of a Man Who Changed Black America - Bruce Perry.
Ahhhh ... No urine to give . Spamming green tea . Third can man .
Nasi lemak with fried chicken for lunch... And now spaghetti? Man... I love being fat
Harry smashed his first day of being a 19 year old "responsible man"
guess who got out of school early yh man dats right
Man shouts at crying baby and refuses to get off bus even when police arrive      twitterurl
Wanna show that you're a man? Prove it by growing a beard.
thankyou thankyou RT twitterusername Girls who play netball are hot man . #majorturnon !
Running man game best pe!!!. Feel like play. But no one will play with me!!!! :(.
Happy vacation tomorrow guys twitterusername & twitterusername .. Im the Last man standing hitting the gym.
"If a man stops giving you the same attention, it's because another woman already has his."
Then once I'm coming back home, all of them wont recognised me anymore! Aww man ??
Tsk why Wilfried Zaha go Man Utd sia ? Nak menang title je ..
Any weak man can say he's sorry. It takes a strong heart to forgive.\
Man sentenced to 20 weeks' jail for taking upskirt videos twitterurl #Singapore
Man sentenced to 20 weeks' jail for taking upskirt videos twitterurl
Man sentenced to 20 weeks??? jail for taking upskirt videos twitterurl
Fuck man lost my fucking wallet first thing in the fucking morning.
My grandma is getting worse and worse every day ugh man /:
Guise im growing an ass man like *sniff sniff* this is an accomplishment.
cnt belive two more days i gonna gt a new phone !~ like finally man! :)
It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring  #singapore #monsoon
#carramemories Crunching challenge on Nani against Man Utd in the 3-1 win :) in 2011
Since today dismissal is early let's have Running Man marathon! Omg super excited!
god knows what the hell he brought, man. fucking huge bag.
..And do everything I should've done, when I was a man..
Doing alot of stuffs on cny but nothing on hari raya or deepavali. Racism man
Man,I really want to go bowling or play pool later tonight.
Oh man. I got a feel for donuts. I want donuts
Is not like they never watch that IP MAN show before -_-
Apparently, my brother fell asleep while watching running man. Hahaha twitterurl
haha felt so good telling the waiter 'i'll have one beer'. Everything's changing man.
What is Caitlin doing w her keek man.... Spamming ma emails. :(
29-year-old man arrested for allegedly molesting two women on a public bus twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Armstrong tops Forbes most disliked US athletes list: American football players Man... twitterurl #singapore
Dk whether i should watch running man or watch i miss u.........
??twitterusername Izzan left before i could reach home. Sigh sorry bro.??? haha nah its okay man :)
Baik ah, the next song is his favourite. What is this man
??twitterusername Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl
ok wow that song was five minutes long. man i miss listening to MCR.
Oh my only in the car i realise forgot bring other phone oh man
there should be a yg/sm/jyp running man special. cfm yg win
Man, the reason why I just dont take pictures without my specs. Ergh.
#FactsAboutMe Always Wanted To Give And Upside Down Spider-Man Kiss. Done It Only Once.
What is a blind man saving a blind mouse ? A blindlove :)
wats wrong with MIO man. hope they fix it b4 i reach home.
Calendar look so overwhelming today. Back to back meetings till 6pm. Oh man! ??
Intern (f/m) : Solution Man... - SAP: ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job
Yo Man Im Really tripping The Microwave Was Just Moving By Itself !
100 times played the Tear Us Apart songs.I do in love with that song man.
yeah right boo == "twitterusername 'Im a man I'll start w rock' JJ #JJYourMyMine day. 2"
hitler was a very courageous man in war. one of the bravest in the army.
Boy steals iPhone from girl, man steals that iPhone from boy. DUM DUM DUM! twitterurl
Leggy Sharon Chan says she wants a man, not a boy                 twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man twitterurl
One small mistake means kena owned? Man you're full of shit.
Hello twitterusername you're amazing! You should play soccer with twitterusername one day man! :))
Feel like selling my The Black Dahlia Murder band tee away man. Bass overdrive also.
Man in India sets up school under bridge for poor children and teaches for free      \
A young black man with the thought patterns of a successful entrepreneur.
Don feel like going cca tmrw but they playing running man tmrw leh
swagger jagger RT twitterusername Gold-crazy businessman is India's 'Man with the Golden Shirt' twitterurl twitterurl
I'm gonna miss class cuz I'm helpin my grandma fuck man :(
It's nice talking to that China man Yuqi again ! Hahaha really nice guy.
Ouh man, I've been haywire these days. What have I done to myself? Hmm.
Alhamdulilah . Finally home . And man , the weather today is freaking hot.
I still might bite pudge head off I didn't like that diss song man lol
once again, don't feel like studying, only feel like watching running man.
Wish I could be there man.. Praying for the family twitterusername
Man My Boyfriend Still Looks Fine To Me Since April 3rd 2010
Man I Swear These W2s Jokes & Super Bowl Commercials Be The Funniest ?????????????? LMAO !
Man that ring was too NIIIICE!! I had to rewind that!! #Scandal
Man, I am SO not used to seeing Perez in McLaren colours...
aight aight! Enjoy your day man! RT twitterusername twitterusername hahah can can. Just call me only. ;)
Sick but funny. RT twitterusername A man dies while raping a 77 year old woman twitterurl
Just watched running man episode 1.. Now I y everyone said is nice
shall watch part 1, 2 and 3 first. #nw running man ??
I think running man have absolutely no idea how popular they are around the globe.
HAHA SORRY! RT twitterusername izzan must stop posting those good food man making me hungry. stahp!
Tightening foreign manpower rules may have negative impact: analysts: SINGAPORE: Tightening rules on foreign man... twitterurl
he just wanna be my bestfriend too, calm yo tits man .
A guy shorter than 6 foot is more of a female than a man #FuckYourFeelings
MeiMei's book got one Chapter on people giving FalseHopes... damn true man, that one :/
Keep repeating the same song :') #nowplaying When I Was Your Man
The lady on my right and the man on my left, both playing candy crush zzzzz
i got u my man and prolly at the end of the month twitterusername
Iron Man 3 - Extended Super Bowl Spot (HD): twitterurl via twitterusername
Man caught having sex with horse was 'trying to make it pregnant' twitterurl // ?????????
Wa I love ang mo lecturers man they also go off early
Then there's Johnny Rod who was in WASP too ohhhhmaigad he is one helluva beautiful man.
If i close my eyes, i feel like crying man :( #nowplaying Coldplay - Gravity
Man like twitterusername  on his #Birthday at #TGIs. #Balloon #Cake #Singing lool twitterusername twitterusername cjnewell09?? twitterurl
And well done Southampton!! ~^^~ huhuhu right back at ya face Man City XDD
I am a person who's not into Kpop except BigBang and Running Man are into me.
??twitterusername Man I fell asleep & missed everything tonight !??? U ain't miss shit
1M man RT twitterusername RETWEET if you think Michu is the signing of the season!!!
great news is when running man is up next on KBS hehe
Today is the day where Ronaldo will face his former club,Man U. Bring it on!
My ears are in pain man. That dingdong shout till office is her house.
If Man U wins tonight, I'll go to school with a happy face tmr hehehehe
Watch or not to watch Man Utd vs Real Madrid? hmmm...
Watched 7 episodes of Running Man since yesterday afternoon. Time to get some rest.
man where's niecy when I need her! I know that bitch got me when ever!
If you haven't watched Running Man 132, you should. The ending was fantastic.
Yeah man hahahahaha "twitterusername If #Cancer shares their food with you... They love you!"
Man smokes regularly at Tampines bus stop -- forcing other commuters to stand far away twitterurl
Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence twitterurl #Singapore
This one is bullshit man. Freaking hot. Where's the bloody electricity?
Man if I had a car...I would be driving around...just because
Shall continue watching iron man 2. Watched it only halfway yesterday.
My head got totally slammed by a ball during dodgeball man. Felt extremely giddy afterwards
Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road twitterurl
When I Was Your Man/Treasure - Bruno Mars (COVER by Elyar Fox): twitterurl <<< ELYAR FOXXXX <3
Im never takin alcohol a day before personal training tired man.
Extraterrestrial, outlandish man that could fix everything with an ounce if his manors.
Man: ur place or mine? Woman: Both.u r going to yours,\
Me too! :( RT twitterusername I really wanna experience playing running man. Sigh.
Trying to make things work , but man these times are hard .
Aw man, just as I decided to go jog this afternoon, it rains.
I was gonna wear shorts and a tank top -.- I'm used to bring mostly naked man
WTF this "homeless" man had one Jordans nice shinny sparkly Jordans
and maybe watching crooked man before I sleep isn't such a good idea twitterusername
3rd bowl of rice and still not satisfied what the hell what's inside my stomach man
Wa if that guy overseas , his wallet is free frag man
You're not alone , im worse man xD "twitterusername Tbh, I'm fucking afraid of lizards! ??????"
Kobe moved up to the #4 spot on the NBA scoring list ???? that's my man!
I guess out of all the running man cast, i feel really sad for Suk Jin
Man Utd playing as if they are winning. Wheres the comeback kings?!
I'll do whatever it takes man. Even if it means losing my religion. Im serious.
Killll Shaun Gone ?? Wtf Moe R.I.P Man ???? Gone And Missed .. Kill
I KNOW I'M AWESOME MAN HAHAHHA !! RT twitterusername Trolled by twitterusername real hard.
WOAH LOOK AT U MAN. DIRECTIONERS WANT U OVER MODEST. U GO BRO twitterusername #ScooterPleaseReplaceModest
that awkward moment when ive bigger feet than the man standing beside me earlier on.
I hate when people take forever to fucking text back , man fuck you & your message ?
[ST] Man jailed for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone twitterurl
Does this even make sense. Ah man. Dieing already. Headache. @ lasalle library twitterurl
congratulations man you???re out of the friend zone and welcome to the enemy zone motherfucker
stop saying the f word man its really fucked up and its pretty fucking rude
I'm a happy man,my face a little bit clear after using the pore strips,hehe
Bruno Mars sang when I was your man.So bruno you're not a man anymore?
I look like some business man when i carry my laptops bag with me!!
Man i have been waiting for your reply since yesterday night! Cmonnn :(
Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets three years' jail for other charges twitterurl
Lord, I'm doing all I can to be a better man.
"A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war"
"twitterusername Who was that masked man? Has Fernando Torres found his 'Magic Feather'? twitterurl #FootballNews"
The power of media. A unknown man became popular just because he's on tv.
Is it Raman or Ramen? I think Ramen, more than one man :)
but props to the actors putting on the makeup themselves man. no makeup noona or what
Shit man I can't believe I'm letting a good day turn bad.
2 Charged in Calif. Girl's Kidnapping: Police: Man intended burglary before kidnapping, sexually assaulting 10... twitterurl
Man. Playing 3 hours of OMSI on Service 5 was totally hectic. Now need to rest.
Should i cook maggie goreng? Its weird man.. Doing at this time.
Trying to make it work but man, these times are hard.
Man, shuffle on my iPhone is just killin' it today. Lots of Lamb, some Soundgarden and
Today's been intense. Time to slow it down and lepak. Yeaaaah man!
daftar film yg harus ditonton: G.I Joe, Iron Man 3, Identity Thief, Kon-tiki.
This woman said fuck a real job. Her real job is fuckin her man & sucking his ****.
??twitterusername now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man.??? Eating leh
Being interviewed by Early AM main man of twitterusername twitterusername at the Nuffnang SG office. twitterurl
12 important lessons I have learnt from SBS  Running Man twitterurl
I cant take it man kp gtn n da car nd shit
nwo my baby is dancing but dancing with another man ;C
WOOHOO LAST SOUTH ASIAN STUDIES SEMINAR \\o/ shit man I'm seriously ending university soon
I've nvr gotten a normal dog for real man, why Maomao so funny one?!
Man Utd needs a Roy Keane in the centre to strike fear in opponents' hearts.
It's not a one man show. It's a full team effort.
man can be so complicated, but yet woman will never stop loving them
man I thought I was gone hurt myself tryna carry her ass back to the room
Wtf man now this fuck can't read my fucking hard disk.
Do all the things tht I should've done when I was your man~~~
and all of it happening at once. You gotta be kidding me man
running man is just like amazing race with stupid/funny obstacles
Fuck this man what's with this blocked nose I have every fucking night. I'm damn pissed -.-
watching Catfish on MTV. wow the guy got dissed by the girl man...
crap man i hate it when i am rushing and my coursework gets into a mess
hate watching man utd, they beat mid-table teams so easily-_- hahaha #bitter
Gonna watch running man live stream later for jessica even though I don understand anything
Anwar tried 2 woo me back says, ex-PKR man Zul Kopiah.\
Nonetheless. Man United leading 2 - 0 against Stoke City. Wohoo #GGMU
Girl like to watch running man. But boy use to watch running girl!
??twitterusername Lol! I talked abt prata infront of motor.ON UR FACE MAN!???LOL!!!
Man quits job by writing his resignation letter on a cake twitterurl
Old woman selling tissue cursing and swearing at old man selling tissue. Territory war.
Argh squidward and mr krabs talking in chinese... lolololol oh man I'm watching ???? on tv twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for series of thefts from vehicles in Bukit Merah twitterurl
"twitterusername A man once sued his wife for being ugly, and won."
Sad case."twitterusername A man once sued his wife for being ugly, and won."
Man curses commuter when she tells him not to smoke at bus stop\
Mr Nas should have js tell which topic he's gg to test us man sigh
Haha np lah bro! :) RT twitterusername twitterusername Hahaha thanks a lot man! Much appreciated. ??
#Nowplaying JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE - MIRROR. Both the man and the voice oozing sex. ?????
Have fun man! :) RT twitterusername On the way to swat prac. Been a while, leggo
Security uncle said I'm not fat..haish so sarcastic ah that old man.
U don't know it do ya? RT twitterusername I'm the fucking man.
Woman detained for pressing emergency button on MRT to help elderly man twitterurl #1maysg
Wokeup w backache again :( What positions have i been sleeping man...
Last man standing RT twitterusername It's time to dropout from poly and serve NS twitterusername
No point scolding you,  you're gonna die soon anyway old man
omg can you just stop bothering me. you've pissed me out man.
US man comes back to life 45 minutes later after hearts stop beating twitterurl
Damn you double pimple just side by side get the hell outta the face man twitterurl
Proud??? ??twitterusername twitterusername man of the match :D . you're on trending now twitterusername , twitterusername twitterurl
Bunkering now? No way man. I'm signing off tomorrow. I'm not gonna work tonight
The train keeps stopping... Not my fault that I'm late man
"twitterusername Having a dick makes you a male, not a man."
Deceased man???s next-of-kin sought by police twitterurl twitterurl
Anyone willing to give me a wake up call for later Man Utd match? Please.
For fuck sake whyy lynn's name always on my timeline fuck man
Man it feels good to be chilling at your bed after a cold shower
[ST] Man arrested for cheating elderly victims by claiming to be from charity twitterurl
??twitterusername go?? twitterurl okay...I take it back my Gentleman is the weirdest man alive twitterusername
Oooo ooo ooo .. this man was singin' some song by Mario outside of MickeyD's , LOUDLY .
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
What the heck man. What's wrong with these people who come to ??study???.
Running halfway then danial suddenly tap me. Scared the hell outta me man.
Oh god, i am really really bored right now. should i watch Running Man? :/
Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee twitterurl twitterurl
(asiaone) Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee flat twitterurl
i'm burning like a fireball right now! fml man, i'm feeling so damn sickkk
#nowplaying twitterusername - When I Was Your Man #BeFresh w/ twitterusername Expand
Man charged with spreading HIV claims 300 partners twitterurl via twitterusername
Started with a crush now Im calling you my man ;-) #np
Citizen Journalism Awards: Man needs 37 stitches after being slashed at Lavender  twitterurl twitterurl
Eina need to shutup man,im always telling her life is hard.
I want to represent Singapore in sports like table tennis, says Navy man Jason Chee twitterurl
I have to thank Running Man for keeping my Ibu happy at night
Bruh you're a white man with cornrows... Nobody knows what you're talking about.
Dont be a fool man - eric  haha im trying hard not to be one
R u de best in sch for soccer ? ??? Nah man twitterurl
Saw u play recently, you improve like ALOT MAN ! ??? Really? Hahah thanks! twitterurl
Man walks 1,400km home after getting mugged on the other end of??Japan twitterurl via twitterusername
Lol from where? RT twitterusername "twitterusername Its winter in Dbn 2day moer! ???"wear a MAN
Watch video of Angry man ripping off GF's bikini top during filming twitterurl twitterurl
Man jailed 34 months for underage sex, grievous hurt & breach of domestic exclusion order twitterurl
??twitterusername Big Bang vies for Song Ji Hyo's love for next week's 'Running Man' twitterurl
(topix) Injured navy man Jason Chee will get desk job twitterurl
Cheer up bj :) you ought to be happy! ??? Thanks man haha. Getting happier twitterurl
Here's the man Gan Lulu is rumoured to be marrying come Nov 11 twitterurl twitterurl
Nice seeing you man twitterusername I will try my best ok
It's raining today. So Bobby must sleep because Bobby is a free man...
Here's the man Gan Lulu is rumoured to be marrying on Nov 11 twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday big man, have a good one, see you real soon :)"
To go, or not to go, to the kopitiam and watch the Man Utd match
Be the 1st to get your tickets to meet Running Man team. #Singapore #RunningMan #Watson twitterurl
Lucky JunHyung or HyunSeung isnt part of running man!!!!!! Ahhh but GiKwang ahh *squeals*
Soooo My Computer Charger Just Decided Not To WorkAnymore Huh Man? . . . That's Crazy! #DCMG
CBS > Man who survived winter in Andes was running from law twitterurl #news
Speaking w twitterusername . Everyday, everynight, everywhere. Improve my english. Thanks man!
#SALUTE To My Bruva twitterusername Man Cause This Email I Just Got Is $$$$$!!! #DCMG
Tht man. Claimed as musafir. Hvg BK burger after I gave him RM10. #hightaste twitterurl
What's this glowing creature that man found? It even wriggles twitterurl
Haiyo this atiqah reply soo lambat , i want to watch running man la....
What's this glowing object that man found? It even wriggles twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername lol what i do Broe ???? Tha dopee man aha blowin w out a nigga
Russian man arrested after meditating in the nude in Hainan twitterurl twitterurl
lmao it's not running man without foul play galore I'M DYING OF LAUGHTER
^^??? RT twitterusername 130916 Finally! HAHA spotted on today's Running Man Filming (cr. DC SJH) twitterurl
'Train insane or remain the same' said a Caucasian man in the gym.
man its coming sa2 already and im losing focus what the
k... i almost got knocked down by a comfort cab. while its a green man.
Typhoon Man-yi hits Japan, bringing heavy rains as officials warned of floods & strong winds twitterurl
I wna watch running man lol but no I have to study :( :( :(
Quick-thinking man helps reunite mum & baby after they were separated at MRT station twitterurl twitterurl
This man just walked in here smelling so good. Had to tweet about him.
Should be a penalty what. Ref. Please do your job man.
Kicking back and enjoying the Man Utd game in the afternoon here in London. #lifeisgood twitterurl
Mourinho simply not the right man to manage this Chelsea squad. twitterurl twitterurl
Man from China pays for $31,300 car with 10 boxes of small bills twitterurl twitterurl
Looking at Man Utd's line up, Moyes is really going for an all out attack!
i talked abt you? wtf is this man? mmg uh! SAKIT HATI LA SIAL SAKIT HATI
Man Utd playing poorly after a string of Moyes substitutions. Coincidence? :p
A man???s heart plans his way, but the Lord directs his steps. ???Proverbs 16:9
It's funny when I forgot to spell a word. It's just so weird man
Yet to watch that running man ep where Dlite, GD and Seungri as the guest
??twitterusername Do not underestimate the power of a common man.??? If uncommon leh?
[Y!FB] Ladies, are you guilty of saying things that has made your man go ballistic?\
Wahhhhh. Want go home man. this people are taking forever to arrive. Nak balik lah siaaaa .
Man gets smaller payout over car crash which blinded him in one eye twitterurl #Singapore
When I Was Your Man (Bruno Mars Cover) - Sam Smith #nowplaying #EARGASMIC twitterurl
Someone dresses up like a pocong here a the stadium. Not funny man.
At the same time sitting infront of the fan cos its so hot man.
"Dear Lord, when i get to heaven. Please let me bring my man.."
Hahahahaha RT twitterusername And the best performer tonight goes to.......kung sino man ang (cont) twitterurl
So the kind of comments some Man U 'fans' are coming up with. Laughable really.
Results tomorrow,not gonna check it till Aviation camp ends man
I can see that all the pretty slims are taken aint no more available man.
You're old enough man you've got experience way much longer, don't you know what she wants?
oh man my head is ringing. is this the spidey senses tingling?
[CNA] Man jailed 8 months after punching cabby who ran over dog twitterurl
Man jailed 8 months for punching cabby who ran over dog twitterurl
(today) Man jailed 8 months after punching cabby who ran over dog twitterurl
Scrolling through twitter and really laughing at the tweets of some Man Utd 'fans'. Lol.
At this rate I dun see man utd wining any trophy
She's got eyes comparable to sunrise and it doesn't stop there, man I swear~
well at least something lah man utd scored 1 goal. its a long season. chill people
sian gg father's side... for a while oso kills me man.
Wong Fei Hong vs Ip Man? Uncles' kung fu showdown in Tampines Interchange twitterurl twitterurl
i know hes hot but calm yo tits man really he isnt that hot
A man that doesn't work is one that cant provide for his family.
Second time in a month. Whats wrong with my body man..
Why so many problem pop up during the medical checkup? ): I didn't even declare anything man.
Of all the big matches, Man U & Liverpool always create tense moments...
Sleeping man had no idea wife fell out of window while hanging laundry\
And I stay on dat Ciroc ... Man I stay takin Shots! Thats my shit !!!
War News Updates > The Man Who Saved The World 30 Years Ago: \
[ST] 21st man jailed for sex with minor in online vice ring case twitterurl
6 men convicted of beating unemployed man to death twitterurl twitterurl
Man, there is nothing such as being loyal to the family is it?
I think I just flunk my summary Idk what the passage is talking about man
No man, you dont call someone stupid for not knowing what R.I. Is...
Wack ass retarded big jawed waste mon "twitterusername Looooool Kanye man it's not that deep son"
Man behind online prostitution syndicate pleads guilty to harbouring prostitutes, living off their earnings twitterurl
lmao everyone is confused with the format WUT IZ DIZ MAN
(asiaone) Elderly man and security in 'kung fu' fight at bus interchange twitterurl
oh god this chest pain seriously gtg ive got training man
Cb burger king really slow man my toilet break is gonna end
I had a dream I was flirting with a 40 yr old man...like wth Court
Iron Man 3 Premiums for me thx to #nuffnangsg #love #instagood #tweegram #photooftheday #special?? twitterurl
What slang word or phrase do you love to use? ??? Calm your tits man! twitterurl
small tub of icecream gona kena eat up by me man!
Think the house above mine or something is haunted man , keep hearing sounds .
Shenzhen man goes crazy with chopper at market, attacking dad-in-law and himself \
When a man corrects a girl, he's still got the blame
it's 12:33 and my mom wants to go already lmao take a chill pill man
Omg this so cute! When i was your man by kai :D twitterurl
??twitterusername TV2-Running Man Snap A Photo Contest for Malaysian runners!! twitterurl // Peluang cerah. Cc: twitterusername
So much drama, and grumpy Twitteratis this morning on my timeline. Chillax man.. Its FRIDAY. ;)
I just can't stop loving you? TTwTT // INFINITE 'Man In Love(???????)' MV (Japanese Ver.): twitterurl
Sem break dah nk habis ! What the fcuk ? #crazy #man twitterurl
Your past mistakes is just catching up with you. Face it like a man.
Hi to the girl in 157 that is watching runing man ?,turn la hahhaha
oops . haha the guys playing wild ones :3 RT twitterusername tsk watch running man somemore ???? twitterusername
Fucking hell mt workshop this sat who the fuck wants to go man
Omg gonna be under the hot sun later. I hope all these pays off well man
??twitterusername A girl needs a man with real intentions, not a boy who can't pay attention.???
1st day of sch holiday! Yeah man!!! Free bird till july 8 when school reopen!
AsiaClassifiedToday: Indian-origin man jailed in Singapore for selling drugs - Business Sta... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
AsiaClassifiedToday: Indian-origin man jailed in Singapore for selling drugs - Hindustan Ti... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
#9 - Miss playing football with you man. See you soon bro!
Watching running man with yunho & changmin. :> the phantom of opera episode. ^^
Ohio kidnapping: US man faces 329 charges in missing women case twitterurl
lmao he was just a one nighter. nothing more man. EUGH!
SUNNY!! ??? RT twitterusername Oh goodmorning Singapore. Hows th weather there man?
??twitterusername twitterusername not you la hahaha??? HAHHAHAHAHAHA I ALSO 7 man!!!!
And that my friend.. What a million dollar man should do for the fans! Hahaha
Can't wait to go JB tomorrow :D free man looooooo twitterusername twitterusername
forgot tat today is father day,wht to give to old man?haiss
alright my inner historian is surfacing, not now man it's almost 4am
As if someone dm me a number in this timing man.
The Purge seems so thrilling and exciting. Man I want to watch it !
#17 - A friendly and multi-talented guy. Hahaha see you soon man
Celebs Peggy Heng and Xavier Ong help the needy -- by giving old man McDonalds' treat\
hah! take that ! today, i am gonna do a running man marathon from episode 145 - 147 !
I hate when people refer me to their tattoo man & they fuckin suck
Killin ya self tryna find a man that will kill for you
NEED TO WATCH: monsters university. Man of steel. World war z. Pee mak.
lol Miorin...oh man still not used to seeing her inside
No #beauty in anyone's eyes. #lgbt #love #dreamcatcher #feathers #bi #man #prettyboy #skin #expose?? twitterurl
A very hungry man is not really angry, he's in a state of depression.
Ok I'm done. I'm going to sleep. Where's my Spider-Man action figure?
Man, 20, slashed by cousin and friend with 'watermelon knife' twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Work all day, hang w man all evening, cuddle with dog all night #fryday #tired
Onboard MAN A22 [SMB216E] Sv985. On our way to Ar-Raudhah Mosque :)
Should have gotten Lucky Peach man. Only one copy left earlier.
This Turkish man has a way to quit smoking -- guaranteed  twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername The Napoleon Bonaparte Guide to Achieving Your Goals in Life - by Dumb Little Man twitterurl
Behind Every Strong & Powerful Man, There's A Even Stronger Women. #FactsOnly #NewRulez twitterurl
F you man , i swear i would die then to live with you .
Off-duty protection officer jailed for punching and kicking 69-year-old man twitterurl twitterurl
All I need right now bay-beh! #Monday #Mundane #Dead #Man #Working twitterurl
cheer up man :) winning isnt everything.. know your mistakes and come back stronger :) ??? Thanks dude :) twitterurl
Gonna watch two episodes of running man tonight before heading to bed
STOMP - Singapore Seen - Dying man finds strength to walk thanks to his favourite football team: twitterurl
aww man i'm only 155cm :( ??? Height doesn't matter alot actually hahaha twitterurl
How can you mend a broken man ? How can you stop the rain from falling down ?
Eh dah lama tak watch my all time favourite running man
man u has got to get their shit tgt, losing now fkk
Lol man"twitterusername ??twitterusername Black people cannot whisper???lol why is this true though"
[NEWS] HaHa thinks Yoo Jae Suk should be paid more for 'Running Man' twitterurl
Man uses newspaper to hide groping of girl on Shanghai subway \
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername nothing man just bored. You?" Same here meng
O_O "twitterusername Man sets fire to house after failing to find his wife twitterurl
When im off papers imma be a free man, fuck errbody
Mom and bro watching running man as usual... and my gf is in it.. ;)
Clubbing with twitterusername yesterday night was wild , he's a man slut !!
I am sooooo much jealous with peoples who are still can watch Running Man.
Football: Nastasic injury spoils Pellegrini's first trophy win as Man City manager twitterurl
A man has been charged with using criminal force to molest a teenager twitterurl
Ey. Kodwake RT twitterusername ??twitterusername I'm back ??? but ang'thandi RT twitterusername Ayibo twitterusername !???ncoooh shame man!
??twitterusername I can't wait to be legal. NEXT YEAR BABY??? yeah man!
I have to stop sleeping in the afternoon or evening man
oh man i think he is looking for chu ira twitterusername twitterurl
Running Man fans, Lee Kwang-soo will be in Singapore for a special fan meet! twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 9 weeks for plan to steal cough syrup twitterurl
CBS > With FEMA money gone, man living in backyard of Sandy-damaged home twitterurl #news
Suddenly I miss the moment when twitterusername playing with man united, please twitterusername get him back ._.
man. fuck painting my nails. the shit never dries w out gettin fucked
done with running man. like ok only. so so je la.
Gonna be sending my wonderful boy off to a journey of becoming a man tomorrow. (': \
Man caught trying to leave #Singapore in lorry under a pile of cardboard boxes twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with 260 counts of taking upskirt videos twitterurl
Feels so good to run again man.. glad to know my stamina is gone... that much.
Himchan kicks people, he curses in his sleep.. omg twitterusername is Bad Man!! lol #BAPASC
i rlly wanna play mirrors and when i was your man on the guitar sigh
Fuck shit man . I wan to kill myself for fuck sake !
How inappropriate of man to openly wear T-shirt with communist symbol twitterurl twitterurl
I want to see my man scored, but please don't against my lovely team :(
Omegle is no fun when you are a 32 year old man from Hong Kong. :(
JANET LEH ? ??? My name is Alex, you got the wrong person man! twitterurl
#Deal #Shoes #6: Stride Rite Spider-Man Spidey Sense Lighted Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid?? twitterurl
Shahril ishak really useless player man!!!  Can't even control d ball properly
??twitterusername twitterusername faggot level over 9000. It's okay man.??? Ironic as fck ???
#Deal #Shoes #8: Stride Rite Spider-Man Spidey Sense Lighted Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid?? twitterurl
Man cracks egg on colleague's scalded back, but doctors warn... twitterurl #Singapore
the side of my left hand is extremely painful man and it's swelling T.T
Prolly Doesn't Want Her Other Man Toy To See She's With Me. #Faaaaake
It's been a routine of mine to watch Shinhwa broadcast and running man weekly.
"twitterusername Sharp and Sleek is a style, not a trend for the man-wannabe" word bitchhhh
Wah! This man sitting infront of me is still using the walkman sia. #Legend
Shit man theyre showing agneepath on zee cinema rn I wanna watch!!!!!!!!
i want to thank twitterusername for being my listening ear. thank you bro. love you man ??
Syahir is a married man now. See you during reservist then.
Man who made false threats online to bomb several locations in Singapore arrested in Sengkang twitterurl
holy fuck I love this. All the killings! instant bOnar for the guys, man. Literally #valrave
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making false bomb threat twitterurl twitterurl
Mississippi man charged with sending ricin-laced letters to President Obama twitterurl
Plan for today. Work. Then gym. Then wandi or iron man 3 with family.
Man who allegedly vandalised Cenotaph war memorial arrested by Police  twitterurl twitterurl
Man Caught Trying to Sell Book of Boston Bombing Press Photographs on Amazon twitterurl #photography
working man haissss been sucha long time i work on weekends. 1-8pm! omg?
Be jealous that iron man 3 is awesome and you're not .
Iron Man 3 (with twitterusername twitterusername and 4 others at Gading XXI) ??? twitterurl
This is not right man... I need to be 18 now! Hmpfff
our batch has been using the term 'man on' for idk how long......
#NowPlaying Man On The Run [Mix Cut] - Nic Chagall Remix by Jaren on #Spotify  twitterurl
I dun mind seing man utd selling rooney as long as ronaldo back to old trafford
a man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her
Beyblade is a show that brings back my fighting spirit, but running man is... Comedy lol
Ok shall watch running man cos vry long nvr watch lol
3rd night in BKK! Running man filmed at this bar before!! #bkkangels @ Silk Bar & Restaurant twitterurl
so easy to talk to rachmat man, omfg, thank you i feel better nw?? twitterusername
Lil bro has been watching Running Man on his phone since 8pm. Wow
Annoying-est teammate in your club? ??? Pravin duh, woah that guy taboleh tahan man twitterurl
Not much.. But got to work on definition now man. twitterurl
Wtf man. Idk maybe i pms or something. Now im fucking pissed for serious.
Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting 9-year-old boy twitterurl
Soooo now there is only one iron man and that is me!. Hahaha
Watching iron man trailer over and over getting ready for watching the whole thing tomorrow
Omg my dad knows what's a Gwiyomi :O What the hell is that man..
Glory Glory Man United. And the reds goes marching oi oi oi. ?? #squaready twitterurl
Man it sucks atleast I got 2c em 1more time this weekend *sighhh*
[ST] Man gets jail, cane for sexually assaulting 9-year-old boy twitterurl
Omg! I just realized that I have a convo with Altimet. Gotta be kidding me man..
Man fined for giving false info about kidnapping to police twitterurl
Wth man. Teacher said hybrid type 2 coming out. In the end it's type 3 -_-
Man this is weird but apparently normal. My dreams are definitely not normal though
HAHA oh ya! Someone shouted "GO SJI!!! From far" while I was running :D Thanks man!
who the fuck posts 20+ photos on Instagram in one day man BYE
Singapore Police arrest man for making false bomb threat online twitterurl
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making false bomb threat - twitterurl - AsiaOne: AsiaOnePolice ar... twitterurl
OMG China women should learn how to shave their fucking armpit hair man!
#Free #Kindle #1: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
That awkward moment when u realise that this man is Lord Voldemort twitterurl
#Free #Kindle #7: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
Gunfire, explosions after man shoots MIT police officer - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
In my opinion one of the best goals! Man U! twitterurl
Left one more part of Running man show after my brother tuition end.
Running man with #TeamExpress was awesome. Killed the strongest couple; Angeline & Issac
Now is not a good timing for me to burst out man...
#trollhadistyle RT twitterusername GE13: Abdul Hadi shows support for DAP man gone Independent; PKR angry twitterurl
I wanna watch iron man 3 again omg its so good hais
Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West twitterurl
Charging my phone from 29% den watch iron man 3 with unknown peeps
Situation like this, When I was your man is the best song to sing.
All watching iron man 3 , me ? home :( haha tomorrow maybe with lutfi
Just ended watching iron man , it was good but i expected more
Man in love - infinite. Daebak! Yeahh Shinee and 4minute already made comeback.
Feel like watching Iron Man 3 again. So damn nice. Oh my..
yup this RT"twitterusername twitterusername it wont happen to us, not us man nope"
Iron man 3 babeh  :3 (@ Cathay Cineplexes - twitterusername w/ 14 others) twitterurl
Lol RT twitterusername For wedding song?! :| RT twitterusername The script-the man who can't be moved.
Ah so damn lucky y'all get to watch running man but i can't tho :<
watching iron man 3 me with the Phuas F YEAH YES
Jangan harap nak tengok Iron man 3 tix full house everywhere
Done with Iron Man 3. The ending was superb I guess. Stay cool bro.
im just looking forward to my fridate with my man later twitterusername ?
??twitterusername Tracie dancing to booty me down lol she so funny man .??? She boosie lol
#np bruno mars - when I was your man #nampol #nendang #cool
"twitterusername Sach RT twitterusername "twitterusername I'll be a walking speaker man" charles" HAHAAHAH
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Everyone who is yet to watch Iron Man 3... LISTEN \
SAP #BusinessMgmt #Job: Service Sales Engagement Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??...) twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
??twitterusername twitterusername oh man..??? ?? it would be a good ass night if everyone was puking. Haha
Iron Man 3 with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername  ?? (@ The twitterusername w/ 11 others) twitterurl
Wtf man I say other ppl got attitude problem but u are not better
Free bus ride cause I don't play no tap tap man.
Literally been laying in bed all day. Man I can get used to this????
OFA is really killing me man.. Microsoft word i h8 u
Man fined $3,000 for biting girlfriend's daughter on the chest twitterurl
22-year-old man charged with rape of woman at bridge along Kallang Bahru twitterurl
Crazy man. Thought I'll never live to see the day SAF retires. #massive
Alex Ferguson will take on the role of Director and Ambassador at Man United.
With Sir Alex Ferguson retiring, I fear it will be the downfall of Man Utd.
Not a fan of man utd, but Fergusom deserve respect for what he have accomplished.
Sha watch one episode of running man before heading to bed.
His class is so lucky to have him as their teacher man
"twitterusername Man Utd without Alex Ferguson is just.... not right. #thankyousiralex #legend"
AsiaClassifiedToday: New Adventure travel series 'Freedom Riders Asia', Celebrating man and... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man ( Official Acoustic Cover )
Man tmr street soccer tournament at 2pm tau come ok? twitterusername
Man... teh tarek duaaa..!!! Wif bf at Changi village @ Changi Village Food centre twitterurl
Hahaa yeah man , and I'm the admirer :P ??? oh er don't prank already la! twitterurl
Procrastinating man. How to do well for lit tomorrow when I'm only at chapter 4? HAHAHAHAHA.
I fucking swear the super hot Korean receptionist digs me man
I be like man I miss him then I be like fuck that bitch
You gotta be one of the most narcissistic person ever man, calm it yo... ??? hmmm.. twitterurl
Jobless man jailed nine months for slashing and hitting wife with table fan and flask twitterurl
The hottest ! Bahaha. Lol. #Hot #man #menswear #happy #candid #instagram #instacapture #instaphoto?? twitterurl
City Harvest Trial, May 15, 2013: twitterurl - Parrot Man part 3...againnnnn..lol.
#lifestyle #news: 45-year-old man arrested over loansharking activities: On Thursday, officers from... twitterurl #singapore
Now you see me, World War Z, man of steel, hangover is a must to watch
rt twitterusername my diary of love: one ex and no crush. Can i be your man?
AsiaClassifiedToday Man jailed, fined for unlicensed moneylending offences - Channel News A... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
"twitterusername The dancers are so awkward and disturbing wtf man #thefinal1 lol"
Fuck no choice dropping off at raffles place . I needa shit man
A Bangladeshi & China man sharing a coke near a construction site! Awww ..... Totally Made my day!!
Gonna drag my future husband to beachy places for our honeymoon man it's just so romantic.
Oh man. It's 35 degrees here. Damn hot and humid lah . #SingaporeWeather :((
My weibo is flooded with fanaccts of that fansign = = okay. skip. I go watch running man.
KURANG SOPAN! I was standing behind an old man and he just farted out loudly! DAMN!
This deserves endless retweets. RT twitterusername RT if u want Bigbang on running man again!!!
Feel like gymming in school tomorrow after the paper but iLazy man.
You are turning to a man in exactly one weeks. Takecare of yourself.
[TNP] Rag-and-bone man fined $150 for smoky van twitterurl
??Pac-Man In First Person Is The Most Terrifying Game Of The Year??? via twitterusername twitterurl
everytime hoya raps in man in love, you will see a couple gaying around
Running Man fan meet on Sept (if confirmed) is a must to go. KANG GARY
oh man I shall change my twitcon since someone's using mine
I cannot look at other boy groups man like no feeling like that
Jialat really going HK when it's nearing O's. Mummy needa maintain man.
Re-watching the 2007 2008 Celtics Championship documentary for the 3rd time. Man i love it.
Wow man Lebron is doing a great job passing the ball
Gary Neal, I don't know how you do it but man, you're doing it awesomely awesome!
real rain or man made rain whatever ah i still luv the rain
Police looking for man (pictured) to assist with investigations in outrage of modesty case twitterurl twitterurl
On the brighter side. The homeless man got a place to sleep and food, right?
[ST] Elderly man is third person to die of dengue this year twitterurl
Got soccer ah? No wonder my dad shouting goal like a mad man. HAHAHAHHAA.
What's with running man I seriously can't seem to load it fast. BAKA
86-year-old man dies from dengue; third death this year twitterurl
thinking back, today's hailstorm and heavy rain at jurong isn't natural.. it's man-made
[ST] Unemployed man jailed 2 months for threatening to post naked videos of ex-wife twitterurl
We're watching Man Of Steel with cuzzies tmrw night at the walk-in cinema! ^^
The running boy is inside every man, no matter how old he gets ~ Mitch Albom
Man sentenced 3 years' jail, 4 strokes cane for molesting daughter twitterurl
Unemployed man gets three years' jail, caning for molesting daughter twitterurl
Don't forget to catch Kim Hyun Joong later on Running Man at 7pm!
Changing Adrian's diapers is so scary. His engine might shoot up man.
I need to stop tonning man my body clock is seriously screwed
Hais what is this man even my manager call me a gayboy
even Vic went to watch Man U vs Real Madrid #ggmu
Iron man game is getting boring I want to suck cock
This is it.. No more awesome chocolate near my bedtime... Can't sleep man.. :S twitterurl
"A woman should soften but not weaken a man." - Sigmund Freud
What slang word or phrase do you love to use? ??? Calm your tits man. twitterurl
I got so converted to Running Man that I am excited for episode 148 tomorrow lol.
#NowPlaying Serious heavy hard rock metal by My Tummy. Aw man lapa gila! :'(
In the office, attempting to get some sleep but man the traffic is noisy!
I'm not one of those h*%o face!!!I'm pride become a black-man mohawk!!!
Wassup with these fat ass cops who you gone catch man lol
Real Madrid legends beat Man United legends 2-1 at Old Trafford yesterday...
Body of man in his 60s found in Kallang River twitterurl
Mamma arguin to me bout this dog ayy man he commin home tomorrow idgaf sue me
How it feels to love a girl, I swear I'll be a better man.
A man standing :) RT twitterusername RT when you see it. twitterurl
Stl training tmr. Man i'm so sad my team bloop is not in the same group :(
Someone please explain what is wrong with this guy man seriously twitterurl
Man charged with vandalism for spraying graffiti at skating bowl twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Should have play midnight running man yesterday XD HAHAHAH my motive
"An obstinate man does not hold opinions, but they hold him."\
Life is a big lesson. You just gotta learn to man the fuck up.
Liam becomes the hottest man walking on earth when he wears tank tops
a bunch of drunk italian man scam the bus i ride. fuck them
Why isnt kiwi replying me man. Wonder whats his brother's condition is like now. :/
Man if I was driving I would be gone. 11 can't get here no faster dawg
LOL I must remember to watch! RT twitterusername  Running Man Ep 150 <Avengers> preview twitterurl
time to watch runningman and laugh. RT twitterusername Running Man Episode 149 English subs twitterurl
[NEW POST] 2PM makes an appearance on SBS???s Running Man twitterurl
walao godbro is sleeping on me and i can't move at fucking all man!!!!!
Too young for all these bullshits, can't be bothered anymore. Just fuck it man
Yeah man the best ! "twitterusername pure awesomeness. RT twitterusername #np Mirror (Boyce Avenue ft Fifth Harmony)"
Man I cannot wait to be free from this hellhole job. Seriously.
A shocked epic one. HAHAHA. RT twitterusername whmhXD WTS. What face did I give man.
Man charged with vandalism for spraying graffiti at skating bowl twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername i feel u man." Hahaha says the person whom i tried following but failed
Fam thought I was turning 18. Chill la not so fast man!
The fuck. I didnt see you awhile only start to diao me. Fuck you man
Man tried to break into cockpit of Qantas flight: Australia police  twitterurl
Man spends 16 years building an entire city in miniature  twitterurl twitterurl
MSNBC: Man awarded $58 million after having skull bashed in bar fight twitterurl #photojournalism
MU harusnya 3 org,scholes jga,what 'bout man shity? Hahaha "twitterusername #loyal twitterurl
Sundays best spent lazing in front of the tele watching Running Man with the boyfriend.
Old man dies after Indonesian actor 'runs into him with his Ducati'\
So in my opinion, aku lagi suka world war z dari man of steel.
6???30????????????? - Happy Sunday! Don't miss TONIGHT: 7PM ???Running Man???  8PM ???????????????????????? Asia Style Collection
If not work, its some TRCC meeting. My hols are oh so happening man.
gotta sleep soon man. i keep forgetting i'm actually working tomorrow.
God damn it man you're so fucking annoying. You're part of the SAF problem.
Lets watch running man 165 :D search for the lil' girl !
Running Man in the future punya ke? :O RT twitterusername Now watching. Runningman episod 722
Fifth man jailed in second online vice ring case twitterurl #Singapore
Neighbours have friends round this early in the morning wtf man
Man how long ago was this? I miss you bro! :) twitterusername twitterurl
People like you can't fucking accept criticism,jesus how do you live man.
Closing shift today at Anchorpoint. 14 straight days of work. You can call me iron man.
You know wat man utd need a new signing n I mean a major signing
"The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword" - Game of Thrones twitterurl
Seriously im freaking out man.. Dee's bf is Chad. Whatttttttt. Hahahahahahahahwhwhwhw
[CNA] Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl twitterurl
I swear to god man, if i get to chase u, you're dead meat.
thanks man, ur name put here for decoration. i'm the one doing everybloodything.
i want running man ji-hyo episode special!!! can't wait for that..
Did the Wrong Man Spend 40 Years in Solitary Confinement? twitterurl #photojournalism
Love is something that you wouldn't want to play with, man.
Adam be like, "dah ready? Lagi 16 hari" yup :-)  thanks a lot 4 d countdown man :-)
Celebrating the American Man: Esquire Magazine Turns 80 (3 Photos) twitterurl #photojournalism
No man you dont dig your nose and put the same finger in your mouth
Disclosure Gig Disrupted As Man Loses Testicles In Skinny Jeans Accident twitterurl hahahaha twitterusername
40 Things Every Self-Respecting Man Over 30 Should Own twitterurl  via twitterusername
I rly hate being a girl sometimes man, camping on the fucking toilet bowl now :'-(
Keep doing it for the fans, man... keep doing it for the fans. twitterusername .
Cheryl! Do you have the link to running man with myunggyu! twitterusername
damn. I hope Master's Sun appear on Running Man after the Heir's episode
Hey twitterusername ! twitterusername and me is on the train going to town man! WANNA MEET?
Man says dog ate his money, receives US$500 cheque from US Treasury Department twitterurl
Man, I talked to a few people last night, but don't remember one convo smh
i stay tune and nothing came out ??? HAHAHAHAH that person didnt reply man twitterurl
I knew Shakhtar would score with the way Man Utd are playing.
Okayla. At least Man United got a draw point against Shakhtar Donetsk. Score 1 - 1
Walking like an old man coz i'm too full. Oh no!
Man crushed to death by grapes in Spain twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man twitterurl
Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man twitterurl #Singapore
Shinji Kagawa to leave Man Utd in shock swap deal for Dortmund's Neven Subotic twitterurl twitterusername
Another slashing case? Photo of bloodied man goes viral on Twitter twitterurl twitterurl
[VIDEO] 131005 RACE START! in Shanghai - KWANGSOO & JIHYO greetings for Running Man & Fans : twitterurl
Good win for Man United. Januzaj scored twice. Nice one ah boy!!!
Tummy: oh man you better head to the toilet I feel a huge one coming\
"twitterusername RT if you're waiting for Running Man E166 English Subs from twitterusername ! ^^" Yayyyy tonight!
Man takes his pet dog for a walk -- at Changi Airport's Terminal 2 twitterurl twitterurl
MinDef: Man shouting in the library at North Point is not in the SAF twitterurl
of another slashing case at woodlands? photo of bloodied man goes viral twitterurl
Sch holidays already!? ??Another slashing case? Photo of bloodied man goes viral on Twitter twitterurl twitterurl
If I was A Demi lovato fan,man I would call myself Jun Lovato
(asiaone) Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF: Mindef twitterurl
Wtf? I don't even know how my bro one man alley-oop
??twitterusername Midnight movie with loved ones. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ???????? yeah man
Fuck it man. Ain't gonna bring this shit up on social media. I'm fucking done.
This is not Man Utd, this is Moyes. Full of shit.
Didn't get to watch today's man u's match when Januzaj is playing :( \
This uneasy feeling in my heart has got to stop man. Honestly!! I don't like it :(
War News Updates > US Military Commissions A Real-Life 'Iron Man' Suit: \
This guya wearing a shirt that says ass man. get out.
There are times I really feel like a one man show superman.
[CNA] Man jailed for taking upskirt photos of woman at MRT station twitterurl
Man just said his legs started falling from under him :WTf
(today) Two sentenced to jail for hurting man who died of his injuries twitterurl
Man who hacked wife's lover with choppers has forgiven her for cheating twitterurl
Man arrested for alleged robbery at knifepoint; police still looking for accomplice twitterurl #Singapore
Man sent for psychiatric evaluation after allegedly grabbing student's buttocks  twitterurl
I wanna jog badly. But my breathing is still not that good. Sheesh man.
Man sent for psychiatric test after allegedly grabbing student???s buttocks twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername yeah I know. Fvxk man. Fvxk this cca. Argh."  erms
I've been neglecting my itouch. So sorry man. But here I am now
Man who hacked wife's lover with choppers has forgiven her for cheating twitterurl twitterurl
This is my love song to you. Let every man know I'm your's
Oh man i hope im not one of the nine that failed poa
hitler whale, papaya cake, eamon pupu. man, im wonderful at whatsapp group names.
why is my favourite turkish grill man not working today :( i need my lahmacunnnnnnn
Gonna fucking ignore you man taste of your own fucking medicine bye BYE
Have the money to buy tixs to see the running man cast
aku banget yo mbak :p RT twitterusername :Right man on the right time (???????)
Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername oh and her eyes too . was extreme gorgeous ! hahahaha??? YEAH MAN ??????
Yay to uncle taxi!!! He helped me get the 30kg armchair into the taxi man?
I swear to god the young man missing alot of shit!!
This is weirdly weird. Why are people actually giving me morning-texts ._. One after another man
i got scolded by an old man for hitting Sheila in the bus lol
Wololo!.....cc twitterusername QT twitterusername Indian man held for selling grandson on Facebook twitterurl
What the F man ? Stop sending me bullshit like this. -.- twitterurl
My man twitterusername is hoopin'! Wat u got twitterusername ?? Leggoo rockets!! #nbaplayoffs twitterusername
Robert Downey Jr is like one of the most badass man alive.
[CNA] Russian man accused of threatening to blow up plane claims trial in May twitterurl
Russian man accused of threatening to blow up plane claims trial in May twitterurl
Man I don't think I will sell anything O.O all the price went up !
See you guys in school tomorrow man. New day, new start. Am I right....?
I'm shaking like a crackhead. it's cold asf out here man.
So bf got back his phone yg tertgl dlm cab. May god bless the chinese man.
Salam buat om Robert Downey ya ??twitterusername Nontonin om ganteng ?? ? Iron Man 3 (with twitterusername ??? twitterurl
42-year-old UK man dies after getting stuck in chimney during alleged attempted burglary twitterurl
U know what I laughing till my stomach hurt man. U r so funny. Hahahaha
SAP: Service Sales Engagement Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??...) twitterurl #BusinessMgmt #sap #sapjobs #Job
Can you just stop acting like that? Man, you are definitely nothing.
Where are your manners man? Sadly you were delivered from a sluthole during birth
Les Miserables with twitterusername . You are missing out man twitterusername . twitterurl
"man executed for raping 6-month-old baby" 6 MONTHS OLD WTF
Me when I was a kid . Hellyeah do I look so innocent man . #me #kid twitterurl
50-year-old man nabbed for alleged obscene act in front of three female students twitterurl
It seems everyone???s enjoying their Friday night, same goes to me man. Good night guys!
God is not mocked. Whatever a man (or woman) sows, that we will reap. twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Green Man+ to be installed at more pedestrian crossings - in... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Oh shit, now's not the time man. Gotta focus on my GPA.
Yeah man! #Creepy credits to abg_shah Thanks bruh! ^^ #Cool #Shit twitterurl
Roy Keane, Peter Schmeicehel, Gary Neville, Eric Cantona. My favourite Man Utd captains.
I can seriously cook maggie mee with the heat man omg ?? .
Real Madrid might be planning a bid for want away Man United striker Wayne Rooney.
I totally hate it when guest team wins running man team...
Everyone is so hardworking and i spazzing over man utd transfer wtf is wrong with me
Man who fell from 52nd floor of MBS probably committed suicide: Coroner twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Do all the things that I should have been done when I was your man .
Man City says Mancini sacked for failing to achieve targets, save for Champions League qualification twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername we need to see another half. hewhew twitterurl the half man. Haha
Damn Man I Love My Mom And Dad And I Cannot Thank Them Enough For Everything ??
See how man attempts to touch other guys on train twitterurl twitterurl
If you have watch Running Man, you will find this extremely funny!! twitterurl
Had to do the most disgusting thing ever. Now I know how a garbage man feels
What was the last song you heard? ??? when i was a man. twitterurl
Watching nikita while sitting down and blow drying hair in the toilet.. Oh man! So nice!!!
#Tc "twitterusername Since John Gone My Feelings Gone Man They Did My Brother Wrong!"
[ST] Jobless man jailed three months for threatening to burn down lawyer's office twitterurl
[ST] Car slams into coffee shop table, tree; man arrested twitterurl
wah need to stop getting songs stuck in my head so easily man
Do all the thing I should have done. When I was your man....... #np
And she was laughing at someone when they were scared by Iron Man. Lol
Can't stop playing "injustice" game on my phone man so fucking adictive and fun
"twitterusername 'Iron Man 4' will be released in 2016!" U must be joking with me
Woah yesterday's dance session totally jacked up all my muscles man
Don't ask me to be a man when you are not going for it.
I remembered crying while watching The Perfect Man, such a sweet movie :')
Dad just bought something cost $500........ ~.~ I could really use the money right now old man..
Guise I'm going to die lonely , no man no boyfriend only cats and dogs
"??How to set a whole fandom on fire??? A book by Lee Soo Man"
Attraction works different for a man than it does for a woman .
Hehe, thr was a rlly kind man who lent us a freaking umbrella. Sigh.
Beli dimana tu bang RT twitterusername My awesome iron man t-shirt! twitterurl
Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral - Yahoo! News Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername
Now I'm a man, but I've got to say, this is some emotional shit. #Titanic
[Y!] Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral twitterurl
Hate it when my brothers home, i got no peace man!
Even though I sound like a man and my voice gone I'm turnin up bissshhess!
The man who keeps running, never looking back because he dare not, out of shame.
Court rules against man for e-mailing alleged North Korean spy twitterurl
Grow up and stop being childish. And start being a man. -kisah cinta tv3
??twitterusername Man where the fuck is Joey Jihad ctfu??? somewhere stealing my sweatshirts
My pillow so warm tonight and the aircon too cold hahahahaa what happen man
something about real skaters that is just so amazing. esp this man casper twitterurl
Irish man charged with 4 murders stemming from 1982 Hyde Park bomb attack\
Most of my friends don't want to see iron man....WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO
Serious man time to change my password, jeremie like to see my messages ??
For a real man, a drunk girl is a responsibility not an opportunity. #innoy70
Polish man receives face transplant only 3 weeks after workplace accident twitterurl
golf is too atas already man. seriously it's not just the sport it's like everything
Done with training. My right hip is in pain man bleagh
Ohh man, First time in my life my bicep cramp while doing push up ??
"twitterusername Before U condemn the next man,what's ur contribution towards building a gr8a Naija?"
Just flung me man , its just wasting my time looking for all those parts ??
??twitterusername holy fuck this was the greatest shit ever man twitterurl ????????
Iron Man 3 starts playing in 5th of May in IMax in Nbo: twitterurl
Siang siang da balik. I could get used to this shit man chey hahahaha
Man pleads guilty to killing girlfriend's three-year-old son twitterurl
A lot of Chicks Fuck Up with a Real Nigga Looking For The Perfect Man
Omw to get my com fixed. I cant last without dotA man. Having withdrawal symptoms.
maybe watching some running man can cure me.. time to go home.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Andrea McEvoy ??? the man who markets Australia - The Star Online - The ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Now my baby is dancing,but she's dancing with another man.
Wtf sia zat. What? Donno how to talk to girls already? Wtf man.
i hate it when my toe get itchy . fuck it man .
I want to sing during open mic but I'm shy man :/ boooooo
Yo man I saw my primary school friend Mariam on the bus!!!!
The Way Mr Ang Shouted today is Just Wow twitterusername #deep #man #voice
Such a good experience playing with the Nyp Hockey team , swear they are good man..
Yes lahhh!! Tottenham score!! Tot 1-1 man city. C'mon tot score one more goal.
Thanks for Spurs fans for chanting 'Glory Glory Man Utd' in White Hart Lane.
Going to Melacca this June instead of next wk. Oh man :/
Once man u win, guess who is gonna wear the kit on tuesday^^
#ForzaMilan KRT twitterusername Photo: Iron Man at the Juventus stadium now: #JuveMilan #IlVeroDerbydItalia #SerieA twitterurl
No point in regretting now man, I brought this upon myself. Why oh why.
??twitterusername Even though im not your man you not my girl ima call you my shawty .???
Superb volley by RVP !!!! What a goal !!! Good job man !! #Believe20 #GGMU! #WeAreUnited #ManchesterIsRed twitterusername
The one and only, twitterusername ! #GGMU RT twitterusername Who is your man of the match?
Rt "twitterusername Man Utd taking home their 20th title for the Barclays Premier League. ????"
Well done Man United. You deserve your title. -From a LFC fan.
Knn watch iron man bo jio.. YH ass cfm kana burn by red indians
Ohio set to execute man for raping, killing six-month-old baby girl twitterurl
Pls don't take away my voice. I would rather have man voice than not at all.
Shall watch iron man after school tomorrow. See got hmwk or not hahaha.
HAHAHAAHA! Not sure whether is iron man or coke/Pepsi. ?? twitterurl
Brilliant song yet again by this man of God. #blessed twitterurl
Nope! you're so sexy white man????  RT twitterusername twitterusername tating eh
I unlocked the Marvel's Iron Man 3 Coming Soon sticker on #GetGlue! twitterurl
Thanks for both mcd cashier and bloody rude old man for ruining my mood.
WOOHOO!!! Took this with twitterusername before we play Running Man ^^ twitterurl
When a girl doesn't care about you anymore, yeah huge danger man.
so what is this ? am i lying . oh no man are all same .
crossing my fingers for iron man 3 to be still showing on may 16th
oh iron man 3 pls wait for us this evening ok ok ok--
If there are malaysian version of Running Man, which actor or singer could be the sparta?
#HappyZitaoDay you're the Man ! You're trending again (5th) D_____O Happy Birthday ;) twitterurl
Man sentenced to life in US plot to behead terror witness twitterurl
SO.....getting ready now to go and watch IRON MAN 3 FINALLY!!
[ST] Police appealing for information on missing 83-year-old man twitterurl
Watching soccer matches > a maths paper. What's a maths man, no kick till fail. ?
Record "twitterusername 20 different goal scorers for #mufc this season. One man team? Nope."
I want a man who promises me nothing but tries ti gimme everything
My phone home & locked screen wallpapers has set to Sir Alex Ferguson & Man United Celebrations ^^
emma watson is so pretty man i want to cry seeing her face
Initially someone pushed me then ran and shouted "stop the man with the bag!"
Nurul azwan roya for sure RT"twitterusername Man Of The Match pilihan Anda ?"
It's running man marathon guys!! Are you ready still up till 3am?!!
Was laughing my ass out throughout the whole chat with this setan. Goodnight my man. twitterusername ????
-customary gloating tweet about Man City not winning any silverware this season-
Hey twitterusername tweet iron man too that fy-exo was hacked hahaha lol
Man sticks finger into saw blade to prove his invention twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
Reached home, saw that cupcakes  the sis baked.wahhh ngap masok mulot.eat alot today man.
Cue Singaporean version of popular porn series, "I'm A Married Man". (Via twitterusername twitterurl
Armed man with hostages stands off with law enforcement in New Jersey twitterurl
Shall be a good son and revise my math and watch running man
This man is clearly looking at twitterusername Peacock too literally. twitterurl
So lan lam have to wear contact lens. If not can't see a single shyt man.
Baby found in sewage pipe returned to mother and man claiming to be his father twitterurl
Omg this man stinks and he smells like he just pooped.
Now my baby's praying, but she's praying about another man.... #TerBrunoMarsKan
??twitterusername Man I hate you.??? I have chronic hatred to your being.
JUST IN: Man arrested by #French police over stabbing of soldier near #Paris on Saturday
Jail, caning for 6 men who beat unemployed man to death twitterurl twitterurl
Too bad lah, Casey Stoner long time retired. He also good man.
Another reason why running man don't want come singapore for game, singapore is boring.#RunningManinSG
131019 Pretty Jihyo at Running Man fansign event in Singapore #RunningManinSG twitterurl
??twitterusername "Nothing is more dangerous than a desperate man with nothing to lose"???
Fans crowd outside Jurong Point for a glimpse of Running Man stars twitterurl twitterurl
First-ever walking, talking bionic man built from synthetic body parts makes Washington debut twitterurl twitterurl
Yessah, Januzaj has signed a new 5 year deal at Man United. Woooo!!!
Heading off to Running Man fan meet with BFF twitterusername twitterurl
Contemplating whether I should watch the Man U match at home or outside?
"twitterusername Liverpool showing how good they are by conceding to a 10 man team" OUCH
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN! twitterusername but i believe your tweet there's more to it
Amin started call me Minah Salleh bcs I want English Man.
I think we have something in common twitterusername , we both dont fuck a man .
??twitterusername "twitterusername This Saturday, Liverpool against Newcastle. #YNWA"bungkus sudah !???MAN UTD YANG BUNGKUS! BOO!
"twitterusername Its hard not to like a man this handsome twitterurl urgh wetwet
Exhausted body decided to sleep for 4hrs only. 6am-10am. Dafug man
New York man hit by exploding toilet twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Man stuck in waist-deep water after falling into hole at Bt Batok upgrading site\
(yahoo) Man gets turned away from Singapore Day in Sydney for being Caucasian twitterurl
Running man ep 167 is damn funny especially the boxing part
GD went back Korea alr ): where have you been hiding man?!
??? A-MAN - Student to Scholar - Spoken Word - YouTube on twitterusername - twitterurl  so beautiful.
fuck ah idw follow go buy shit for the bbq man, gonna be awkward as fuck
Man jailed 10 months for molesting 12-year-old girl on bus twitterurl
No halloween this year . Man , I wanna go so much . Screw Os .
Old man asking for a stick. Then money. Sorry.. mulut sendiri belum tau cukup tak.. hais.
hahaha man is just my twitter and im tweeting abt it lols .
every single second I kept thinking about us chatting. but screw it man
Sis is being a burden OMG I just reach home man..
EXO filming for Running Man!! They're wearing the jackets but without their nametags! twitterurl
People are incredible! ---> When 3,500 Strangers Helped Comfort a Dying Man twitterurl
British man charged with hacking US military networks and stealing confidential data twitterurl
Man found dead outside the Swissotel The Stamford hotel twitterurl twitterurl
woah dude, you're trying way too hard to be funny man.
Using my mobile while on rach bike cus YOLO no hands needed man!
"self harm" and "die peacefully" don't go in the same sentence tho whatchyu smoking man.
Things gets even more expensive when i growing up. Duh fak man.
Life is cruel, so take it and face it alone. Like a man.
BIG ShoutOut To My Homie twitterusername Man! He Got Dem HIT$!!! #DCMG
i will post the Running Man Fanmeet videos in just awhile (not mine, all frm youtube)
belanja aku Word Of Mouth please? The Wanted first album man!
Waking up at 5am later and gonna catch the first bus to jp. RUNNING MAN!!!!
Running man KANG Gary is at mink Omfg I fucking next to him
Fans faint, shoppers trapped as thousands throng Jurong Point for Running Man event twitterurl twitterurl
I want the running man fanmeet jacket thats in the goody bag!!!!
[FANCAM] 131019 Running Man in SG Fan-Meeting Monday Couple ???: twitterurl
Saw twitterusername at work and he gave us free drinks...thanks man!
Hurm RT twitterusername Robert Downey.. one of the sexiest bearded man in the world..
"twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHAHAHA U SCARED ME MAN SO CREEPY OKOKOKOK" Hahaha! Sneak peak of seeing me!
cnt wait for twitterusername indonesia 10 dares . been waiting for it man !!!!!!
Man u can't be lost out here u gotta know what's going on
Awesome GLIMPSES video at twitterusername I love this family man! twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Feet hurts from all the walking today man hahaha ate so much
Morning shave with shanwee913 coz we real men and that's what real man do #movember twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets 5 years' corrective training for stabbing fellow ex-inmate twitterurl
Good victory!! 2-0! #coyg Lets keep the flow and go for Dortmund then Man Utd
I hate my life man, no one around me can shut the fuck up can they ?
Not a Man U fan actually. My heart belongs to Arsenal.
januzaj fucking gangster la sia first never shake hand now fight wooohooo i love you man
Gahhhhh Kim Tan and Eun Sang r/s. I'm getting diabetes man. ~.~ Poor Young Do.
Best man holiday is so booooommmmbbbbbbb I wanna see it again
In Just Three Minutes, This Man Will Inspire You To Live Life To The Fullest twitterurl
SORRY BLOODY LIVERFOOLS! MAN U GONNA TRASH YOU ??twitterusername twitterusername fuck u go away!!!!???
Nb so kanchiong for seat for what. You're a full grown business man for fuck sake
The Heavyweight Champion of being the goofiest man in the team. Right?  twitterusername
Man pranks GF by telling her he cheated on her -- but watch what happens twitterurl twitterurl
Man pranks GF by telling her he cheated on her -- but watch what happens twitterurl
Broke a saw in LTT and I think I saw someone pass away. Ehwah man.
I'm not broke. I'm just a broken-hearted man - The Script
What the fuck,Game of Thrones theme song in Running Man,lol.
The Running Man press conference has ended! See you guys tomorrow! #RunningManInSG twitterurl
you're such a hypocrite. seriously think before you say anything man
pushing a bike with a flat tyre is no joke man.
"twitterusername Whales don't like to breakdance in public places." Man why thats a shame..
Delivery man arrested after stabbing two to death at KL LRT station twitterurl
Delivery man arrested after allegedly stabbing two to death at KL LRT station twitterurl twitterurl
Wah all these student brand managers for Ngee Ann. They deserve more exposure man
Haishh... wai Ah-man dong dong chiang liao, he is so funny :((
[TOC] Rude man spitting at commuters at Woodlands Bus Interchange: By Terry Xu\
Man jailed for offering money to nephew to take rap for driving offence twitterurl #singapore
Man who spat in woman's face at Woodlands Interchange: Police are investigating twitterurl twitterurl
Man, 84, jailed for raping deaf, mute girl in UK twitterurl
Got one weirdo, pathetic act popular and a backstabber wow my life is fking awesome man
"twitterusername Okay fuck it lets concentrate on geography" WOOO YES WEIJIE U MAH MAN
Am i having my menses thats whyy im like this urgh idk man
[PICS] 131019 RACE START! in Singapore - HAHA & Running Man Cast??? (CR: ONETVASIA) twitterurl twitterurl
Sigh. IDK man, great job, now someone go hold all of Team B ???
AYE crash: Man texted loved ones while being trapped in mangled taxi twitterurl
Police nab man allegedly involved in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
You can't bring yourself to love your own self. What more love a man.
im sad because america probably wont be getting any mcbusted shows and it sucks, man
Watching EXO Running Man ep now~ OMG. THE BEEF LOOKS SOOOOO NICE
[CNA] Man charged with hacking Ang Mo Kio Town Council website twitterurl
#SG NEWS: Man charged with hacking #AMK Town Council website. Details here - twitterurl
wa rly old man off ur game sound when u play la fk
Man no longer faces the gallows after killing taxi driver twitterurl twitterurl
Venting all my anger on dota 2..Shout likea mad man.
??twitterusername Man dies after drinking bottle of crystal meth he mistook for fruit juice twitterurl \
what the heck you don't have man face lol ??? Hahah apparently I do:) twitterurl
Idk if i should catch up on running man or we got married??!?!?!!!
[CNA] Man sentenced to four months' jail for having paid sex with minor twitterurl
The one weekend man... Tf er'body at? This why I'm never home.
[ST] Identity of body found off East Coast identified by cousin as missing Vietnamese man twitterurl
Identity of body found off East Coast identified by cousin as missing Vietnamese man twitterurl twitterurl
Do fast, end fast. If can finish fast before watching Man United match.
I'm stuck with a dozen songs in this phone and I'm dying man.
Lincah la Man United, goal lagi satu & end the game. Please.
??twitterusername Man Utd, please win. I'm sacrificing my beauty sleep for you!??? Beauty sleep seh
How could clowns be so cheerful! they're like nightmares to me man! especially during halloween! BRRRR!
The 4th movie hamper winner goes to Running Man Stan! Fight on, uncle Bill Jensen! twitterurl
wake up in the morning feeling like; "man i need to sleep back"
Pegi pah?! "twitterusername Trivium will be at download festival 2014. Fuck yeah man!"
This Man???s Chatroulette Recreation Of ??Wrecking Ball??? Is Pure Genius\
playing running man at night at skewl and we only got our torchlight yey
This is legit man. Rain's performing and it just started raining.
if you dont like big bang, i really dont know man
James Wolpert singing "somebody to love." Ohh man, who can sing Queen that well should win.
Daddy is comimg back home early to to catch the Man united match
Study break because of Man Utd match! Continue during the half time.
Have to be back in form. Soon we'll be facing Chelsea & Man City in consecutive games
Feel even worse today... Ugh man flu is well and truly settling in.
THIS is the man I love CHO KYUHYUN twitterusername well done boy!! twitterurl
Yucks: Man spotted relieving himself in drain at Upper Serangoon Road twitterurl twitterurl
Completely no interest in counting all this shit current voltage. I just wanna count money, man
Weather too hot? Man buys ice cream at mall in colourful underwear twitterurl  twitterurl
Man jailed for stabbing friend with a pair of scissors twitterurl
#bloodywildone that ain't a no. but hey there new follower :-) Idk you man :/ sorry
Thankful For Da Homie twitterusername Man! Helped Us Make A Life Changing Move! Enjoy Your Holidays!!!!
Thankful For Da Homie twitterusername Man! We Got A lot In Store Big Homie. #TURNUP
!!! again?? RT twitterusername [INFO] EXO to film for SBS 'Running Man' on Sunday, December 1st.\
Weather too hot? Man buys ice cream at Parkway Parade in colourful underwear twitterurl
"You got to be a conscious man/When you fall in love"\
Happy Thanksgiving to everybody man, enjoy family & make yourself 2-3 plates lol
You have so many girls going crazy after you man really , ??? Nah twitterurl
Viral image of snake swallowing Indian man who fell asleep is hoax twitterurl
it was supposed to be a joke wtf man fuck you
Now i need another video man. 2 DSLR recoding music video.
Have yet taken any selfies man this can't be happening whut
Why am I not surprise that man utd is 1-0 down?
ever since fergie resign... man utd is becoming worst and worst.
ever since alex ferguson resign.. man utd is becoming good to worst.
Cannot forget Marcus's story man so fucking funny I just can't
When real madrit buy the wrong walsh man. 100jt just for buy that thing :p
Our school got what event man . I see stage at bball court :=
I dont wanna work man can someone entertain me at my job
omg I'm not a Malaysian. I just take Malay as my second language. wtf man really.
??twitterusername Who the fuck stabs someone with a scissors man thats sick.??? Lambat setapak ke hahahahaha
[COVERAGE] Running Man "sabo" their way through their first Singapore fan meeting #RunningMan twitterusername #ONETVASIA twitterurl
Man boobs reforming. Tummy flabby-ness increasing. Im turning into a fat boy T.T
Nooooo, my chris going jail. No this is not happening man. :(
What do you call a row of black man standing infront of a whiteboard?
Just because you watch running man, it will magically turn you into kpopper. Shallowwwwwwheadssssssss
So abah's birthday consider got Man United match against Stoke City :)
"twitterusername twitterusername ouch man, I'm a chelsea fan haha." Do I care? Chelsh*t
Running Man is just beyond awesome! Cr: as seen in the photo. twitterurl
Met Hazman on the twitterusername in malaysia , good man to work with.
today will be my most fucked up day. hands on all the way. fuck man
Man risks life by fixing air-con compressor outside 20th floor flat twitterurl twitterurl
Man suspected of stealing TV sets from coffee shops arrested twitterurl
[CNA] Man suspected of stealing TV sets from coffee shops arrested twitterurl
(topix) Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee twitterurl
Morning the sweetest boyfriend on Earth! twitterusername Tahun baru, azam baru. Be a better man okay!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "twitterusername Man, twitterusername is my fashion icon. She been killing it.???
"Man i don't get any bitches." probably cuz they're ladies not bitches
Man charged for sending bullets to PM Lee, Taiwan politicians twitterurl #Singapore
If I found out my man was cheating , we're done, insecure females let that shit continue
Goodluck twitterusername ! Have fun in resort world tekong ! Enjoy yourself botak problem man!
This is what I think of when I see a man wearing a Utilikilt twitterurl
LOL. The pros and cons of a man sitting down to pee. twitterurl
Wth all time favourite man..... #waiting #muvie #highlandtower #pavi #chill #dating #spenttime #together twitterurl
Luckily i got twitterusername What would i do without you man...
[CNA] Three years' jail for man who forged dollar notes twitterurl
Man gets 6 years corrective training, caning for theft and causing hurt with knife twitterurl #Singapore
Even a blind man can see that your beautiful. - #Hidalgo #Movie
Need to catch up on walking dead man. I'm like so behind):
??I aint afraid to love a man. I aint afraid to shoot him, either.???
LOL this twitterusername and twitterusername are pros man I totally got fooled!!! ???????????????????????????????HAHAHAHA
Im lucky, im dating a man who is busy focusing on his career $$$ lol
I don't know man, but sometimes the word feminism and freedom itself are confusing..
Woman's offensive selfie captures man attempting to jump off bridge in background\
Woman's offensive selfie captures cops coaxing man from bridge in background\
Working is fun man, I can't even wait for next week!!!!!
this was last year at sentosa. was bombarded w birthday wishes. miss the place man. twitterurl
I can't even play guitar without hurting man how sad is that.
yeah yeah yeah cant wait for exo's running man!!!!! #EMAzing EXO
(today) Man suspected of stealing TV sets from coffee shops arrested twitterurl
Really really pissed off man maybe np isnt the school for you sec sch people
Have you found a new girl? ??? Nope. Not that fast man! twitterurl
lmaooo foh??twitterusername Tragic RT twitterusername I have no shape man???
I forget running man tomorrow episode have EXO as a guest.  Hahahahaha *crying*
And twitterusername Lego man has been working hard on it?? twitterurl
Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation - Oscar Wilde
2m-tall man scares Japanese shoppers on Halloween -- by posing as a mannequin twitterurl twitterurl
Good game man united. War has begun for the title. This is going to be good.
Damn right I am RT twitterusername RT if you are wearing a Man Utd jersey tmrw!!
Smallingggg RT twitterusername Who's your Man of the Match? Rooney? Jones? Smalling? RVP? #MUFC
And waking up to a fantastic win from man united #ggmu great start for the morning
Mybe I'm just overreactin but yeah man, everyone has their limit
kpop cfm gonna win the worldwide act man last year BIGBANG also #EMAZing EXO
Very tempted to go BABY METAL one man live after watching their showcase
If you mess with my man imma be the one to bring it to you.
34 year old NS man suffers heart attack after running 2.4km for IPPT twitterurl
Lee Kwang Soo snubs Suzy's attempts at using beauty to win Running Man game\
But then not worth it. Im only free on saturday man. twitterusername
Don't know why jay won't let me be his hype man seriously he's missing out....
its so much going on up here. shit is TOO real in the hood man.
Then I'll be booking out on Saturday night. What the hell man.
Wah, the iPhone 6 macam cool & stylish. Man, that freaking nice.
bitch reply my whatsapp. whats wrong w you man. i knw smth isnt right smwhr twitterusername
Lee Kwang Soo Remains Unmoved by Suzy???s Beauty on "Running Man"\
I give you spoiler, Running Man team wins against EXO team :)
??twitterusername I need to start studying man . need a good place, a study buddy???
What is your favourite episode of Running Man? ??? ALOT actually. twitterurl
Failed air law by one question again. Fuck this shit already man
Why You freaking hot man... (Gulps) RT twitterusername WHY NOT? WHY STYLE!! twitterurl
Oh man.. bring on the challenges.. I am ready for the battle..
Omw to fetch my man from work! I miss doing this.
Man who had oral sex with minor without paying jailed twitterurl
Man jailed for fracturing ribs of ex-wife???s lover twitterurl
Of course, with a lot of chili padis.. What's life without chili man? Hahah
Bieber arrested for drag racing and being under intoxicating influence. Have fun with your life man.
Malaysian man found guilty of raping schoolgirl whom he had later married twitterurl
What the fuck man I do not need constipation right now ok. Ffffuck this shit. Literally.
Disabled man jailed for 4 months for slashing neighbour with kris twitterurl
Gk usah mentel ko woy! RT twitterusername finally man! fun night! twitterusername have a safe flight! ???
fuck gantt charts man like who even came up with this complicated ass bullshit
happy birthday shuai ge. youve grown up, youre a man now. twitterusername \
Alone in bunk and keep hearing some snoring sounds. I'm freaking out. Shucks man.
waiting for dni camp yay gonna play running man in school at night CAN'T WAIT
Caught on camera: Man assaults auxiliary officers in Malaysia after being told off twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed 12 months for molesting teen and 22-year-old woman twitterurl
Search is on for man who fell overboard from Singapore-flagged passenger ferry twitterurl twitterurl
Dining at the Mee Pok Man coffee shop!! @ Hua Bee Restaurant twitterurl
Search for man who fell overboard from Singapore-flagged passenger ferry twitterurl #Singapore
Man I got a exam already tomorrow. We only had 3 classes lol
Im starting to hate ppl man. Too many negative fuckers around me.
Man arrested for attempting to bribe 4 police officers at Ang Mo Kio twitterurl twitterurl
Man with chronic paranoid schizophrenia sentenced to eight years??? jail for killing his father twitterurl
Man walks of with Bishan resident's bra, then puts it back on laundry pole twitterurl twitterurl
Love the tense part of Lone Survivor. 10 star movie man.
i should stop giving high hope because man i don't wanna get heartbroken :/
Doing some achievement chart sketch for my students haha out of ideas man
think like a man too, have to go see it. kevin hart everywhere
LMFAOOO??twitterusername ??twitterusername Baby Sitting Bad Ass Kids  twitterurl ~ Bahahaha that lil boy man...???
#China detains man for spreading 'panic' with bird flu rumours twitterurl
Yeah man. Olaf is probably the cutest cartoon ever. Note that I said probably. ???
People are contradicting they tell you one thing and do another and like cats ftw man
Man jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe SCDF officer twitterurl
Man leaves scratch over 1 metre long on woman's car near Cuppage Plaza twitterurl twitterurl
Thanks a lot mr chow keng kia. RT irfan_ax: twitterusername Suppppp man, happy birthday la handsome
Man u and arsenal play like want to fight sia . Hard football .
Man u is playing like a team playing together for the first time. Chemistry 0 ah!?!?!??!
Boring game.One of the most boring Arsenal v Man Utd games ever. #MUFC
throwback first time Ali attend event -  uncle man & aunty nazirah wedding ;) twitterurl
Lion man with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and twitterusername just now. <3
Feel like taking a nap before watching soccer at 12am between Man United against Fulham.
Indian FT posed as Caucasian man online to trick women into sending him nude photos twitterurl
I think you're sick and super fucking immature. Grow up, old man.
Man sues McDonald's for $1.5 million 'because they gave him only one napkin'\
[Y!FB] A man in California is suing McDonald's for S$1.9 million.\
It's a day before your Birthday man! ??? It's just one day before . lol twitterurl
Florida man arrested after reports that he was seen having sex with a pit bull twitterurl
CBS > Tenn. man charged with murder, kidnapping of long missing nursing student twitterurl #news
Got a man n a baby do yo thang I ain't mad! ......Distant Lover
Forgot all about the tightening today that subway was painful man
Man smashes red car repeatedly with large rock at Joo Chiat carpark twitterurl twitterurl
Man who allegedly crashed thru barrier at #Singapore's #Woodlands Checkpoint charged with acting rashly & vandalism
Checkpoint breach: 64-year-old man charged with committing a rash act and vandalism twitterurl twitterurl
Man shows why its a bad idea to kiss a snapping turtle twitterurl twitterurl
Fucking man bitch stepping on my mates head. So confronting that bitch tmr.
Man jailed 6 years for cheating Khoo Teck Puat???s daughter of S$2m twitterurl
Taylor Swift gets restraining order against man who claimed they were husband and wife twitterurl twitterurl
Fk this heat man i feel like locking myself inside my fridge!!!!!!!
Man who sued Facebook's Zuckerberg must face fraud charges: US Court twitterurl
[News] Man arrested after driving through Woodlands Checkpoint barrier: Police on Saturday evening arrested a ... twitterurl
Man crush Thursday... Mike from The Following aka Brad from Cadet Kelly #marryme twitterurl
??twitterusername Fuck route march man. I should be out by now.??? Fucking this
Man Falls to Death From JPMorgan Building Roof in Hong Kong - Bloomberg twitterurl // ??????????
i wonder how she skinned her faceskin AWW i'd rather die man
Man arrested for theft of S$85,000 from lodging house twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for theft of S$85,000 from lodging house twitterurl
Lawsuit: Clueless California Cops Beat Deaf Man For Doing Nothing twitterurl via twitterusername
Man lands catch of a lifetime -- a 360kg monster stingray twitterurl
'Ip Man' wannabe shocks Hong Kong train commuters with punches and kicks twitterurl twitterurl
Mindblowing origami skills aside, Ivan is a pretty cool guy after all man. Good person eh.
Predicting a wonderful sunday, of course in addition that I'm meeting the man later on. :)
Man lmaoooo??twitterusername Tianni always come outta nowhere just laughing on my TL lol???
Cant wait for tmr man fking tps and mice gonna be done with fk yeah
this flu thing isn't working out man it's not me it's obviously uou
??twitterusername Got a nigga fucked up twitterurl fuck u man seriously.
Constantly being slapped w the bitter truth. man, when will this shit reach its end
Jialat la every night watch Running Man sure cannot wake up for school la...
[CNA] Third man jailed for refusing to disperse during Little India riot twitterurl
How one man is driving towards the perfect trip. Do you concur? twitterurl from twitterusername
But I'm not the man your heart is missing. That's why you go away I know
WTH. What the hell is the dog barking at this hour??? People are sleeping man..
CBS > Mass. man convicted of murder in 1981 says Bulger framed him twitterurl #news
Dont no fucking pizza places deliver to the south man.  Pussy ass niggas
I'm really into this religious thing but I understand my responsibilities as a muslim man.
I like claydohboon vines man. Ahhhhaa cant stopt watching every vines
There are about 31 international schools in Singapore. That's a lot man.
[ST] Man admits to molesting daughter when she was only 10 or 11 twitterurl
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to molesting 11-year-old daughter twitterurl
45-year-old man dies after collapsing during marathon twitterurl twitterurl
45-year-old man dies after collapsing during marathon twitterurl #Singapore
I don't care about our win streak but I really wanted to catch Indiana, man...
Who needs Bosco? Myolie Wu posts picture of herself hugging mystery man twitterurl twitterurl
Man pumping out contents from grease trap threatens to hit passerby who confronted him twitterurl twitterurl
2-0 down, this is embarrassing man. c'mon. #singapore #oman #afc
"twitterusername ???????????????? ??????????????? ????? #romecclown #rome twitterusername twitterurl incoming twitterusername man is Opera Voice crazy??
Here's something you don't see everyday: Man drives cool vintage car on MCE twitterurl
(today) Man jailed 30 months for molesting 13-year-old boy twitterurl
Watch running man can make laugh one crazy bitch . It's damn funny ah .
I'm not a smart man... but I know what love is. - Forest Gump #quote
bc cake is amazing dude but it's okay but how's life man ??? life's ok hahahaha twitterurl
[Y!] Man punches Singapore Singer in the face. How she responds is incredible twitterurl
Man smashes car repeatedly with rock at Joo Chiat carpark: ???????? twitterurl
I'm going to start wearing goggles when I go outside man.....
Ain't nothing better than a man with a fresh cut yaaaas
Totally man . I have to be smartest when something like this . Since it's saturday duty . Haha
Bloody Hull. Versus 10-man Citeh and yet they struggle to break them. Contrast in quality..
or a man marrying me for money. yeah fucking sacred that is.
Being a key grip for 13hrs of shoot damn shaggy balls man
self esteem is low, im ugly man im not confident with myself
Too much copy paste tweets that hunger fr retweets. Ken dai man
Yet another great panel discussion at the Richmond screening of MENSTRUAL MAN! twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
and i just got to know my hp isnt even repairing whats this man fuckyou
Having stomach ache in the morning is not at all funny man.
Man u is gonna make it tonight. No xia suay in their home ground.
"Annoying pe baca timeline pasal bola" stop complaining man, there's unfollow button. Oh, much welcome tho
Man utd should use 4-3-3... Not 4-2-3-1
Oh and he grew a pair of balls. Congrats man, took you long enough.
listening over and over BAD DAY twitterusername man, you are so talented.
i am sick of looking at this kind of man utd #ggmu
Liverpool fans felt before what man utd fans feeling now and it Sucks I know
Visiting the giant man-made tree of Singapore twitterurl #MxUA #travel
Lunch just now was so good, you guys must check common man coffee roasters! twitterurl
Singaporean man allegedly shot dead in Manila last month by two gunmen. twitterurl
Listening to Michael Jackson at this hour is the shit man! So nice..
Personal taste. Angmoh man speaking Korean. Nnb. Is there anything sexier?
A bit sad that I cannot go to CSC retreat man ; (
Man tries to show off on motorbike -- only to ride straight into parked car twitterurl twitterurl
Sultry actress marries man 11 years younger in Malaysia's priciest wedding of the year twitterurl twitterurl
Man with #sword scares #MRT commuters, gets arrested: twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
(today) Another man to be charged over Little India riot twitterurl
Just received news that Man U will face olympiacos.is it true?
College kids, man. That???s what I get for swimming at the university, I guess.
Stoner Stanley: "Man this movie has 130 minutes. It's only one and half hour"
Had a great sleep, dreamt of Coach Tohari yday night. Miss him alot man
Hunting for my man gift for his bdae. Stress time. Last min shopping.
Inches from death: Watch this man dodge an oncoming car like a ninja twitterurl twitterurl
Old man struck by lightning -- then gets up and walks away like nothing happened twitterurl
If she were to take over that position, we die . Habes man
Man climbs through a bedroom window, risks falling five floors in rape attempt twitterurl #Singapore
#ChristmasWithLUNAFLY twitterusername Just sang the OST for pretty man! They ask if Lukies liked it!
Dorothy jonghyun being followed by Tin Man Onew who is carrying scarecrow minho LMFAO twitterurl
Outrage at man who dangled dog outside window so it could do its business twitterurl  twitterurl
Man Pulled Over For Speeding Had 48 Bombs In the Car twitterurl #commidescochons
Pening sial zzz idw to faint at the clinic again man
#whyrp cos you can stare at your friends who laugh like idiots watching running man hahah
Really good day good night man!!! Even though my phone went entirely flat
The Man???s Guide to Wrapping Christmas Presents: Just keep adding more tape.
CBS > Man accused of skinning, baking pet cat with onions twitterurl #news
[ST] Choa Chu Kang Murder: Second man charged and remanded for further investigations twitterurl
Shouldn't have drank milo earlier in the morning. Now my stomach is hurting man
To and fro megayard today. No joke man. Gonna starting packing all my stuffs over
Man caught in front of race horses was not run over: Singapore Turf Club twitterurl
[CNA] Man apparently run over by horses at Turf Club race twitterurl
A man is never careful until he buys a new car and a white shirt.
In the bed for almost 2 hours watching running man . Lights off in 2 hours . Goshhh
SAF colonel only fined $6,000 for killing old man in traffic accident twitterurl
"Forget finding the right man, focus on being the right woman."
PICTURES: Chinese man detained after dead Siberian tiger found in car twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
(asiaone) Police looking for next-of-kin of 75-year-old man twitterurl
N then Tevez goes on to Man City.Stupid,fuck move.Lost the support. #Tevez
give us Mr Arias back man nobody is listening to this woman
NASA reveals plans for the biggest rocket ever made to take man to Mars. twitterurl
HAHAHA then someone changed the icon to this! THAT???S A MAN, MAURY. twitterurl
[ST] Police arrest 23-year-old man for serial housebreaking near North Bridge Road twitterurl
Ahh man my throat gets dry so quickly now, imma die this saturday.. :(
Fine & driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4 twitterurl
Orange County, California, where armed police can beat an unarmed man to death with impunity: twitterurl
Revealed: The dying remorse of Mikhail Kalashnikov, the man who made 100m rifles  twitterurl
Man I wanna address this petty shit so bad but it's not for social media ...
(today) MPA searching for man who fell overboard from ferry twitterurl
(topix) Search for man who fell overboard from Singapore-flagged passenger ferry twitterurl
Dear #cosmo how do I get my man to fall in love with me again
Search and rescue operation underway after man falls overboard near Kusu Island  twitterurl
Search underway for man who fell overboard passenger ferry twitterurl #Singapore
Shout to my day one she always held me down man
Man linked to New York 'cannibal cop' case seen pleading guilty twitterurl
Just Had A GREAT MEETING!!! These Decisions Are Getting Harder And Harder Man! Smh #DCMG
Since Mata is now at Man United, Essien at AC Milan, \
Oh wow. Italian man adopts cats to serve them as dinner to friends.
The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone.
I hope what Moyes have in mind of buying Juan Mata works out to Man United
ask me anyth man cmon no ragrets ya kno wat im sayin twitterurl
If a man says, "Go ahead" it's a dare, not permission.
What's the point you are chasing another man but the perfect one is infront your eyes.
Malaysian man arrested for making bomb threat call to ICA's operations room twitterurl
Man... looking forward to the gym tonight...need to work these thighs out!!!
Watching this Vincent "Bo" Jackson documentary. Greatest man to every live...
Australian man charged over genital mutilation of nine-month-old daughter twitterurl
60-year-old man arrested for allegedly molesting woman in lift in Woodlands twitterurl
Wow, if iPhone 6 is rally that awesome, I will switch back to iPhone man
siape stay in west got mio? i wanna watch man u game...
I hope we all realised that man fags can't take it anymore can we just
Animal Sex Jury Erupts in Laughter After Hearing Man Was Rejected By Cow\
My man lebron legs look kinda wobbly out there checking durant lol
Tired of dealing with little ass boys frfr man grow tf up
Chinese New Year celebrations? More like wear your Man Utd related stuff day.
Man arrested for outrage of modesty case in Jurong West twitterurl
Jackson: the Man on a mission #latergram #boy #eastcoast #sg #pool #swimming twitterurl
Police looking at CCTV footage of man found at MRT station twitterurl
[CNA] Police looking at MRT station CCTV footage after man found near tracks twitterurl
i wanna talk to you. but its hard man omg this is scary
Stop telling bitches to upload nappy selfies man that shit ain't cute you need a weave
You won't believe what one man found during a round of golf twitterurl twitterurl
I dont fucking like to go to sch anymore fuck me man
S???porean man shocked Chinese New Year is almost over twitterurl
Man utd, Everton and Spurs are al down with one goal :(
can't wait to private my tweets man really this auto-following gotta stop.
Man fulfils grandmother's dying wish -- as he works magic on this old photograph twitterurl twitterurl
Very pissed with Man U's playing style in this game. Well, almost every game...
(yahoo) Elderly man found unconscious near MRT track 'not hit by train' twitterurl
[Y!] Elderly man found unconscious near MRT track 'not hit by train' twitterurl
Feels so good after complaining to twitterusername about the stupid man in my family. Brainless fuck.
The motivation to shave off my beard. Man! Odd timing. Wrong season la.
"twitterusername The fastest man in the world Usain Bolt. twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername
I just realize I've got 7 assignment PRESENTATION, Woohoo? what the heck man
[Y!FB] For the first time ever, a man gets a prosthetic hand that can feel.\
gag concert's twin are the pros man. imagine talking and acting in sync.
(today) Man fined S$41,000 for illegally keeping 32 wild animals in HDB flat twitterurl
You won't believe what one man found during a round of golf twitterurl
Man who ran across expressway while chased by police arrested on drug charges twitterurl #Singapore
Wasp to debut in Ant-Man? I was hoping for a solo film LOL
#BreakingNews : Man in alleged groin-kicking video co-operating with  #Vancouver #Police #WTF twitterurl
I hate sitting down on the floor for too long man
Rhino, Electro, AND the Green Goblin? Did no one watch Spider Man 3?
Fucking taxi driver teaching me my own religion. The fuck man. Pissed out.
"Man I can't stand my mama she be trippin 24/7 ugh"
Man, #Changi #Airport is crowded today on Li Chun Day!  twitterusername @ Changi Airport Terminal 1 twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed and caned for raping friend's 15-year-old daughter twitterurl
Sally Bercow spotted kissing second unidentified man while on night out. twitterurl
Man sleeps on bus with nothing on but a pair of shorts twitterurl twitterurl
And I'm not even exaggerating man, JESUS WHERE ALL THE NORMAL PEOPLE AT?!
Man you know the Cavs suck when Steve Blake gets a triple double vs them
Like hello? Are you outta your mind? What were you thinking man?
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Passenger - I'll Be Your Man
hazard "twitterusername Who was your man of the match? Tell us using #CFC"
Honouring JB Jeyaretnam: How one man saved another, 25 years ago twitterurl
#NowPlaying ?? For The Love Of Man / Psychedelic Pill [Disc 2] - Neil Young & Crazy Horse twitterurl
Indian man filmed trying to stop angry and violent mob from wrecking bus twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl The Killers Sing "Old Man Jimmy (Is Soon to Die)"
Happy birthday my to one of my favourite bros! Have fun on your birthday man! ???????? twitterusername
Shut up China man no one wants to hear you talk on the phone.
Little India riot: Man filmed trying to stop mob from wrecking bus twitterurl twitterurl
Little India riot: Man filmed trying to stop mob from wrecking bus twitterurl
Wahhh! Why are you foreveralone too man! ??? You tell me :-) twitterurl
"twitterusername Man United haven't lost back to back home games since may 2002." Another run lost
hahahaha RT RT RT RT RT RT "twitterusername RT If You are laughing at Man Utd."
not to mention the fact there were like 3 man city defenders infront of him!
And David Moyes finally get to see Everton win Man Utd.  But hey wrong side mate.
Old habits die hard. Even with extra man, they still pump the ball. WTF..\
So things got serious because of a bus knocked down someone? Oh man..
Freezing my feet off here doing SEA holiday homework. No life man
Please tell me. None of our man in blues is/are dead. I don't want this.
The qatar airways tgt with barcelona advertisement is damn cool man
Seeing this match is like i'm becoming a Man United manager. Aduhh
??8, but it's kinda worth the money seeing the way the old man made it.
when will utterback understand that nobody got time or motivation to do his essays man
Check out the official teaser art for The Amazing Spider-Man 2! #Sponsored #SpiderFans - twitterurl
'Samurai' man with sword on train charged, remanded at IMH twitterurl MRT????????????????????????
Blind #NewYork man gets funds to keep dog after subway fall twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Changing new classmates again next year, don't want too man. I miss and love them
One look in a high school bathroom and I swear these teenagers are evil man
Can't believe it's only 4 pm now man fucking hell I'm sleepy.
Man Overboard setting up! Too busy jumping to take photos after that haha twitterurl
lol dude pls don't show off your abs or whatever man muka da la pecah
??twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday! Keep rocking on #avengedsevenfoldfamily?????? Aww thank you so much man!:)
*Wallet QT twitterusername A tree is known by its fruit, a man by his deeds
[ST] 'Samurai' man with sword on train charged, remanded at IMH twitterurl
'Samurai' man with sword on train charged, remanded at IMH twitterurl via twitterusername
Think it is bamp I just saw. I wanna play that mud ball thing again man
Wah misappropriate 2 iPads then kena life imprisonment? This is totally not worth it man! twitterurl
Man... have to draw this. It's going to be a tough one twitterurl
??twitterusername In 2009, a Florida man accused his cat for downloading child pornography.???HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Technician's murder in Choa Chu Kang: Second man charged and remanded twitterurl twitterurl
8 weeks until I meet my main man. Time is slowing down.
I just gave iron man a high five lor choose NP
[Y!] Man, 22, under police probe for posting racist remarks under pseudonym ???Heather Chua??? twitterurl
Dutch man accused of coercing around 400 children to perform sexual acts via webcam twitterurl
Last paper for this sem. And Bob is a free man for a month!
A Portrait of The Marketer as a Young Man twitterurl twitterusername
I can't take another minute thinking what you're going through its just.. Aw man.
"twitterusername Wait man u were going for a fourth straight loss" Waangalia tv gani wewe?
Apollo Gafaranga, the mysterious man behind Patrick Karegeya's death. It took years of planning  twitterurl
Well hoping Man U will win.. Did not get to watch it
Gone get my lil man and chief all day #off #beautiful Saturday
Omg HAHA one man just bang into the shop glass door FUCKING FUNNY HAHAHA
Gary come to Sg for another leessang concert or solo or running man related?
(yahoo) First man to plead guilty in Singapore Little India Riot gets 15 weeks jail twitterurl
wtf man someone talking bad abt taotao again on weibo...... report pls
Man the side effect of my medicine. Making my body shiver.
Today is monday that means another episode of running man will be out tonight!!!!
Haven't do RJ I go watch running man. Really Claudia? Really???
what made you smile today ??? seeing my man in church twitterurl
Rain appearance for running man Australia is totally a dream come true for me
"twitterusername I've hated daft punk ever since they killed that old man in catching fire twitterurl
Shortage of staff . I'm so gonna die . One man showdown - food runner .
Awww man~ gotta go out and eat Since sis buying pastamania for the whole family
SongJihyo (playing piano) behind the scene 6 of Emergency Man and Woman: twitterurl via twitterusername
I need some motivation & encouragement man >< urging its the last part of ss
No, A Man Wasn't Killed Due To The Sochi Olympic Ring Fail twitterurl
2-2 draw what an upset! Man Utd actually gets one point! Poor Fulham.
Man U today: pathetic. Meanwhile.....Jennifer Lawrence is hot swearing all over in this movie!....
I wanna be high as fuck watching the walking dead man
Prosthetic #Hand Gives Man the Ability to Feel Again twitterurl twitterusername
(asiaone) Heavyweight man beats up much smaller guy at Jurong East twitterurl
Do you think Naff and Hannah are hot? ??? Yes man like totally woo twitterurl
If you love someone, accept everything they have & not fight over it! fk man!
Focking slipped infront of a cute man jfc IM SO DONE WITH MYSELF.
No country for old man, i saw the devil, the chaser. Atau ala alfred hitchcock Psycho.
Need to start pulling my socks up and get productive man....
i hate being into this position omfg every damn night man
[CNA] Man mocked online by Miss Singapore finalist thought of quitting job twitterurl
Police appealing for next-of-kin of man who passed away twitterurl #Singapore
Standing all night, squuezing through the dancing crowd,rushing here and there is no joke man.
Man admits theft of Rembrandt missing for 15 years twitterurl twitterurl
I found a man pulling his veins out today and now I can't stop itching twitterurl
Haven't slept for this long in a while. Feels good,man.
(asiaone) Two taxi drivers robbed at knifepoint 'by the same man' near Eunos MRT twitterurl
Man jailed seven months for molesting three women on Sentosa twitterurl #Singapore
Man charged in court for allegedly attacking and molesting woman in West Coast twitterurl #Singapore
Man in Woodlands interchange spitting case found guilty; sentencing to be done on Friday twitterurl twitterurl
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - "A New Era" TV Spot 1 ??: twitterurl
Protection from the haze? Man sleeps with handkerchief covering his face on the MRT twitterurl twitterurl
Man I was damn near married a year ago going thru that same shit lmao
188 episodes of running man. They have been shooting for like 4 years non stop. Kudos!
My dream man is so handsome and looking good. Hais stapppphhh.
I need tons of blanket man.. Im shivering like im in snow
People who poop at lift lobbies should be fucking EUTHANISED man!!! Urgh
But I???m very into Persian culture man. I should find a Persian boyfriend
now #RAW Recap! kick off by twitterusername and here is the boo-man Batista
Ji hyo usually won't go overseas with the running man members because of drama schedule
Come on man, the guy is kneeling down begging for your forgiveness. Forgive him already
[ST] Man who uploaded nude pictures of former girlfriend gets six weeks' jail twitterurl
(asiaone) Man filmed stopping SBS Transit bus along Serangoon Road arrested twitterurl
Donnie Yen feels no pressure playing Ip Man for the third time twitterurl twitterurl
may the best man win . you can do it fred ! . good luck . and fighting !
Online vice case: 34th man jailed for having paid sex with underage social escort twitterurl #Singapore
A man has been arrested for kicking a bus along Serangoon Rd on Saturday twitterurl twitterurl
I'm so tired of going over here to L building man
Sad song of 14th! : ) 14th Melody [Allen Walker]..D-Gray Man: twitterurl
Lay's reaction when Baekhyun said he brought weights to exercise because he's a man HAHA twitterurl
Next, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, X-MEN Days of Future Past, Guardians of the Galaxy..
[CNA] Cast, crew of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" wow fans at Marina Bay Sands twitterurl
Man and toddler found lying motionless at foot of Yishun block twitterurl
WOO man brooklyn 99 is getting interesting with Jake going undercover and confessing to Amy!
This is damn boring man. I wish I got a friend working tgt wimme.
"twitterusername twitterusername its more of a sad face geeeez man" geeeeezzzzz cause i said so????????????????????
A man who love sports and cars. Major turn on double thumbs up
woohoo stug man but the goal looked kinda weird prob a slight deflection
"Advice on Being a Man from 8 Friendly Neighborhood Barbers"  twitterurl
Finally got the time to watch ??????'s final episode! ??????? is the sweetest man on Earth pleaseeeee
Nepalese man jailed for cheating in casinos by marking cards twitterurl twitterurl
[HD] Little Lion Man (Mumford & Sons Cover) - Tonight Alive - Vans Warped Tour - 7/24/12 twitterurl
(CNA|sg) "Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause twitterurl
Ada je orang nak cari pasal. The next hate question, i won't even reply man. Zzz...
Check out the new single "It's on Again" from #Spider-Man  #Ad #Spon - twitterurl
I miss school food tbh. CW Matrix Nasi Lemak the sex man!
Havent been going to the gym for quite some time man fuck
Man, 57, arrested for allegedly stealing lorry parked in Chinatown twitterurl twitterurl
Man dies from injuries from self-immolation at Johor Baru twitterurl
Man charged with stabbing 62-year-old five times with scissors twitterurl
The oscar pistrious trial proves the spitting image song, the lawyer is a horrible man ....
The sex limit stop at sixty-eight according to Beenie Man.
And she is one helluva sexy domme! This coming from a gay man hahaha. Compliment okay!
I'm a man and i should be doing the right thing
lol kinda weird feeling but haha i miss my cousins man hahaha
I got Gary ! POP QUIZ: Which Running Man Member Are You? twitterurl via twitterusername
But dzeko coming out no center of attack for man city
Final score: Liverpool 3-2 Man City. Thanks to that muthafaking Kompany -.-
??twitterusername Woman spotted walking man on lead in London twitterurl twitterurl EUW
Flamboyant Man: omg i saw that! Was it big or small? His one big or small? \
(voxsports) Geylang Come From Behind To Overcome 10-man Hougang twitterurl
Granny stockedup the fridge full of awesome food.....i want smtg instant man
Just talked to my Daddy ????????? Love that Man more than Anything !!!
Anonymous asked: EXO music is good for cooking your man. Or woman. twitterurl
Anyone knows what time does Bayern vs Man Utd kick off time?
Shall cook something later on so i can eat while watching man utd's match
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - Final Trailer (OFFICIA??: twitterurl awesome. More rhino and green goblin.
Man who spat at two women in Woodlands Interchange guilty of being a public nuisance twitterurl
I dont know what happen to this young man but he's so rude. twitterurl
twitterurl Moon JunYoung the only other man after Cho Kyuhyun that i like - alot
(asiaone) Appeal for next-of-kin: Unidentified man found at sea off St John's Island twitterurl
Man, 23, jailed three weeks for hitting wife, causing fracture in her eye socket twitterurl
Yet another pointless article ripping a potentially innocent man to shreds.
This is not how you hold a pet: Man handles hamster roughly on train twitterurl twitterurl
one of the funniest pix of last night i love these idiots man twitterurl
There is only one who accomplished what no other man ever could..twitterusername twitterusername  #DTF
Got reminded of how much i love nino ohgosh sigh this man
i got assignments undone but i need a break man, a good one would be #tampapro
aw man. but at least you did the best you could, well done fir! #tampapro
There's this man that kept moving closer to me when I move away like wtf.
Japanese man spends over $170k on plastic surgery -- but women find him unattractive twitterurl twitterurl
Wtf that fitri omar deserved a red card man not a yellow! Wtf ref
AsiaClassifiedToday: Meet Hearst's Global Marathon Man - twitterurl AdAge.comMe... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Everytime city masuk penalty box man utd my face suspend gila
i swear clichy is taking drugs man look at hisface haha
Thinking about that young man....like I knew I would....lol
Man sets skydiving world record -- by parachuting with a bedsheet twitterurl twitterurl
Man caught on video casually walking out of shop with guitar twitterurl twitterurl
Anonymous said "find a man who broke your lipstick, not your mascara". Well, i found it.
Man accused of obstructing police in Little India riot claims trial twitterurl
Emma Stone and Jamie Foxx on 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2': twitterurl via twitterusername
Man gets five years' corrective training for bicycle theft, drug offences. twitterurl
Man, I'm pretty darn hungry for a Ramly Burger now  twitterurl (via twitterusername cc: twitterusername  twitterusername
Well how many years u being a single man ha ? ??? 19 years twitterurl
malam ni running man takde sbb my love from the star marathon huuuu
Should start resting man. Gonna start my ot like crazy mode next week on.
(CNA|sg) Man accused of having paid sex with minor acquitted twitterurl
[CNA] Man accused of having paid sex with minor acquitted twitterurl
Cecilia Cheung tells you all that she wants in a man: twitterurl twitterurl
I have yet to watch running man episode 190 and 191 i think.
Catch a thief without a struggle? This man shows you how it's done twitterurl twitterurl
Wanna watch the Amazing Spider-Man II, Iceman & The Other Woman!
Kinda miss going to the gym need to exercise soon man
ive become so weak man wtf happened to me i know im stronger than this
How could a man age 51 not knowing how to think.
[TNP] Man stuck in lorry, blood all over his face twitterurl
(today) Man fined S$1.96m for evading duties on liquor twitterurl
Every time I hear can you stand the rain I think about the best man holiday
Follow-up checkup for my ankle this thursday uwaaaa still not fully healed man
Lazy Shanghai man takes dog for walk -- while driving his BMW twitterurl twitterurl
Emaho > Colin Pantall on Kevin Griffin???s Last Man Standing twitterurl #photography
Mentally ill man pleads guilty to culpable homicide for killing fellow cleaner twitterurl
Today marks my one year working in this company. Time flies man..
watching all running man episodes that has kim soo hyun, bwahaha why is he so cute.
[TODAY] Man charged after trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
Trimmed ??twitterusername So ladies you prefer ya man shaved or not when giving him head ????
(CNA|sg) Man fined S$1.95m for importing duty-unpaid liquor twitterurl
US man suffocates his young, crying son so he could play video games: Police twitterurl
Doing too good when she rub that dick , man I won't trust that bitch
Amanda Todd: Man arrested in Netherlands in Canadian???s online bullying  twitterurl via twitterusername
[CNA] Man fined for getting others to take rap for traffic offences twitterurl
Man records himself walking backwards in Tokyo, then plays it in reverse twitterurl twitterurl
Idk man, everything seems so stressful at this point of time.
Fish lovers, beware: Singapore man blinded by pond's UV lamp twitterurl #Singapore
Waiting for bus no.3 to go to afiq's PLEASE DONT DRIVE LIKE A MAD MAN!
That was a good nap man. I better not be sleepy later
Kena stopped by an old man and he started talking bible to me.
Waiting for the man to end his work. Tick tock tick tock....
Can I not get change??? oh man I feel the world spinning
"twitterusername twitterusername all this will pay off soon man" soon? Everything just started
(today) Malaysian man charged for attempted checkpoint breach, remanded at IMH twitterurl
[TODAY] Man charged with trying to enter S???pore without valid pass twitterurl
[NEWS] Infinity Challenge and Running Man members quietly visit the wake of Sewol's victims twitterurl #PrayForSouthKorea
(today) Man fined S$64,500 for selling e-cigarettes online twitterurl
CBS > Man dies after being shot at federal Utah courthouse twitterurl #news
Don't get too excited, after all man utd is only facing Norwich.
No Running Man episode will be out for this week also sigh
I wanna cry man , it's only end of week one of schooooooooooool /:
List of goals that Chelsea and Man City should concede in their following games please. twitterurl
??twitterusername Man U fans need to shut the F up. Not even top 5.??? rofl
If I was a man for a day, i would fuck soooooooooo many bitches
"twitterusername I might have to go see Spider-Man twitterurl that ass
[ST] Police looking for man in connection with loanshark harassment case twitterurl
Phoenix Man Accused of Using Craigslist to Find a Horse for Sex Acts\
??twitterusername fking hell man. like wtf does everyone expect from me????
Jobless man charged with murder of 88-year-old woman in Choa Chu Kang lift twitterurl
Niggas be like, "Yo man you got them Air Force One?"
#US sets $6.3m bounty on #Chinese man over #Iran ballistic missile dealings twitterurl
"A man???s heart plans his way, But the Lord directs his steps" -Proverbs 16:19
Fuck man, hurry up and finish receiving the message. I'm falling asleep. ??
M.United isn't a one man team and I think we proved that today #MUFC
no shit man if I'm a boy I'll be mad jealous of how twitterusername look. ??
singapore food - this the way we roll.  @ Fu San Man Food Summons twitterurl
Running Man fans, you need to read this interview with head producer Cho Hyo Jin. twitterurl
Sharon Chan says she wants a man, not a boy                 twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl [cut] 110404 Yesung singing 'That Man' @ Kiss The Radio
[CNA] Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man twitterurl
Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man twitterurl #Singapore
Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man twitterurl
??twitterusername Baking with my niece~~??? ?????^^ twitterurl Oppa such a family man...^^
[PREVIEW] Running Man EPI 131 Guests Lee Si Young & Choo Sung Hoon twitterurl ??
LRT system siao uh today? Man, Gotta go out soon then
I need to see this man in concert before I die. I love his voice.
Man allegedly used others' credit cards for shopping and McDonald's deliveries             twitterurl
Man ignores fallen page on bus floor and continues reading newspaper
Convicted British man escapes Taiwan, using friend's passport, spurring outcry twitterurl
When I was young, I was being drugged by my maid.wtf man
While Watching Ray Lewis Speeches & Games Give Me Chills , He IS An Inspiring Man !
siao running man filming in macau for 3-4 days? expecting something epic :D
I mean if 50cent ft you in one song you're gonna be rich man.
okay man RT??twitterusername twitterusername nope,got some work will watch the recap???
He not bout that life man catch him in traffic #300
??twitterusername This man in this casino killing me!...???Yu shoulda stoped n got me
Whatever man. I have better things in line ^_^ it's about appreciation not reciprocation
Science early in the morning? Good going with the time table man.
OMG. I officially LOVE Stationary Requisition here man - It's like receiving a present every Friday!!! ??
??twitterusername You are just using me as an rebound ????? suck man. :/
Our imperfections make us awesome. Like shiaat. Hehehe! I love you. twitterusername #perfect #man #spade?? twitterurl
Ah Boys To Man 2 w darling , girl & lynn ^-^ (@ Golden Village w/ twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
You're turning to be a serious man and make me feel awkward.
HAHAHHA! My eye pain play that game man ????twitterusername Temple run 2 is such headache???
Hopefully it stops raining soon. I wanna play soccer later at night man.
yay..!!! ??twitterusername OMG ??twitterusername According to articles daesung will be appeared in Running man.??????
[ST] Man guilty of raping and trying to murder neighbours' maid twitterurl
When I was your man is the best song from Bruno mars
Do all the things I should have done when I was your man
Idk man I still love this photo of zarry awh twitterurl
all my 11th replied sweetly sia. omg love you guys man (chloe i hate you btw)
Football: Man U add Japan date to July's Asian tour; Kagawa to dazzle home fans twitterurl
You just like a stupid man when you wearing that jacket.. PUT IT OFF
That pic that rema post on insta. Yes, i miss that shit man.. hahais..
Man your bitch speak in tongue everytime we speak in private
"twitterusername RT"twitterusername twitterusername Ocasioanally"Wat the fuck man..." Mmmmm YEAH. *Occasionally
[ST] Police nab man who alleged molested woman alighting a bus at Serangoon Gardens twitterurl
(ST) Police nab man who alleged molested woman alighting a bus at Serangoon Gardens twitterurl
Omg this RT??twitterusername Valentines ? Aint got time for that. It's Real Madrid Va Man Utd???
HAHAHAHAH !! ?????? RT??twitterusername Part 2. twitterusername fuck man I'm full of nonsense.  twitterurl
park shin yang on Running Man is.... precious! ?? (keke, juz realized his initials is PSY, LOL..!!)
Had a cup of hot coffee. Which subsided my flu. Thank god man.
you the man,run to me like ahhh,its your last night.
Marquerading as man with reason....my act is the event of the century
"twitterusername twitterusername forreal I found the weed man*" what we waiting for?
Finally got my OG grp pic :P Gahhh~ will miss the times spent tgt man :(
??twitterusername Man I fell asleep &amp; missed everything tonight !??? Ikr me too ????
im such a dickbag when it comes to girls man :(( im so sad. like fuck bobby
:"D RT twitterusername Hybo *wipes 4head* "twitterusername Msindisi **,) ^^,) RT twitterusername Opens Legs argh... no man ... twitterurl
Omg. One China man sitting at the grass patch drain vomiting. Disgusting.
Went to Scape flea . Man it felt like a shopping paradise.
"twitterusername - Some may become frustrated with the #Gemini man blowing hot and cold in a relationship."
Casillas is injured so Man United have an advantage during the CL match.Nice.
If I got the money, I would go everywhere Running Man visited.
Watched Running Man with sis (: Geesh... they are sure ferocious :O
exoposed and famous anti is like a nerd and a hot girl????? Worlds apart man
??twitterusername i'm repeating myself but running man is the best when there's no guest???
Inviting boogie man to enter my world cs #np Mr Sandman. Night ?
Yeah man!!! RT twitterusername Lets play again. RT twitterusername Good and virgin soccer session w twitterusername
(CNA|sg) Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food twitterurl
Man charged for using someone else's credit card to buy fast food on 4 occasions twitterurl
(ST) Man charged for using someone else's credit card to buy fast food twitterurl
"twitterusername I guess people won't just understand." Come at me bro. What telah happen man?
Im soo stress with the fucking try later shit. What the fuck man?!
Wife of paralysed man takes stand in suit against Sembawang Town Council twitterurl via twitterusername
Shitt man ! RT twitterusername I'm at Old Trafford (Manchester, Greater Manchester) w/ 3 others twitterurl
Wanted to sleep early tonight, but ended up watching running man with mummy! Hahaha!
I am craving Chinese food. Sushi or a bento platter.. oh man
even if you are folllowing the green man, accidents still  can happen.
If only Yasmin is my sister . Man, she's cute lah sia !
Ah boys to man on TV >< ! Slept for one 1hour in the physician place! ??????
LMFAO"twitterusername Her new page--> RT twitterusername Man all yall doin is makin me famouss. Aha"
aw man :( RT twitterusername aw ?? RT twitterusername Y'all not right for this ... twitterurl
Sighs. Running man on channel U is coming to the last episode againm
Running man at channel u hahaha Sian sia Chinese version but watch already
Dun dare to run when machine gun shooting and ip man shivering! #AHBOYSTOMENTOAISS
??twitterusername twitterusername I cant afford a batu cincin man??? then pakai batu nisan
Watching ah boys to man, ergh. Make me hate army more.
Oh jung ho shld smile more man!  Hahaha OMG his dimples <3 twitterurl
Yay! Finish reading my book alr! I love that book man! One night ?
HK actress Selena Li goes 'man hunting' at nightclubs after break up twitterurl
Can't think of anything to do man I'm so bored right now.
if I could rewind time I would totally ?? my foundations for geog man
Pfft I believe you missed out one guy.. RT twitterusername Really no hot J1 guys man :(
Fast & Furious 6. Man of Steel. Ironman 3. This May. Looking foward to it.
Early in the morning almost died,got into a random accident -.- thanks man
I miss you all man. It's boring here in Malaysia twitterusername twitterusername
ada yg film jdulnya dll?? :| RT twitterusername twitterusername iron man 3, fast furious 6, dll.
[ST] Man charged for giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped twitterurl
(ST) Man charged for giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped twitterurl
I've* RT twitterusername twitterusername seriously man? (No worries, i've checked all of my spelling this time -__-)
man. this shit never fails. I expect people to disappoint me. ain't shit gone change. ??
Finally got the chance to touch my guitar this week. It's nuts man working. Hahaha
"twitterusername Let me run in running man instead of 2.4 please:("
Don't know what to wear later~ It's like autumn now man~
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus twitterurl
My lil man saying "Whatsup b*tches?!" Who wants to be his baby momma?! LOL ???? twitterurl
i need to unfollow twitterusername if they continue tweeting running man spoilers
I want a man who know kungfu wash my feet and love me all his life!!!!
The music on my phone sucks! I listen To the same 5 songs man
Happy legal to the one of my best of mates twitterusername love ya man enjoy!!;DD
Man U just score and daddy off tv. XD Very funny luhz my dad.
Kept randomly bumping into people i knew from years ago. What a day man
Worthless if I'm following that loser man & keep as pride as assholes for not following back
He's still is a strong man but weak. But force himself for her.
Man decked in 'sexy' outfit at Tanjong Pagar eatery leaves patron lost for words twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs twitterurl
Feel like waking up early at 3 just watch real madrid vs man utd.. hmmm
Sleep alone? Come to my house man. Gua tidur sorang hari ni...
Gonna make sure not gonna be stupid anymore. I swear man!
Lol That Man FINE ! ??twitterusername ??twitterusername Channing Tatum ????????? back tf up !???
Haha another taxi uncle who drives like F1! 120 man you kidding?!
stranger to friend to best friend to boyfriend to best man, in my life ?? darnerllaaz twitterurl
Got woken up by a man. He gave a painful scream. It went silent after that.
Not sure if i should wear Man U's or Madrid's jersey. Damn.....
Man dressed as woman beside me omfg is that called a shemale or smth
Dreamt i was iron man, trying to save the world -.-" twice in a week.
(CNA|sg) Man charged with causing death of colleague through negligence twitterurl
I really hope I'm not gettin sick. man. I refuse. I never get sick . .
wtfreak I just saw a man with eyeliner and mascara holy shit
??twitterusername Another shot from RVP, corner to Man United??? time out
I was like hoping that corner to be a goal. Then whistle blow. Wtf man ref.
Argentine woman marries man who was convicted of killing her twin sister twitterurl
That is a real "man".... Morning QT twitterusername ClanSewe It was a woman! twitterusername
One-man bank keeps business running in German village of 500 twitterurl
"twitterusername This confession thing is getting out of hand, man." Haha! Lets wait...
Oh man..... No appetite today. :-( Stomach is cringing like don't know what.
WHAT?! RT twitterusername Argentine woman marries man who was convicted of killing her twin sister twitterurl
Florida Man has got to be the worst superhero of all time...
I hope he does all the things I should have done when i was your man
When i was your man song by Bruno Mars stuck on my head
Never play football barefooted with a large black man wearing cleats. #ToeProbz
Gosh! What happened to twitter man? Ads are all around my twitter! #annoying twitterurl
Awww man my schoolmates saw twitterusername omg i wanna see him too?
I need hot chocolate right now. with herhey's chocolate syrup oh yeah man emmm
Joseph was not only pleasant to God, but he pleased the man too..??
jihoon dont like running man or infinite challenge, he picked inkigayo instead hahah
Watching running man with omel is better than on call with anyone.Kan omel?
Everyone is telling bout running man I was like "ohh". XD
today i officially watched a full episode of running man. yaysie
Ay twitterusername need to cut them braids man they got him thuggin lol
Staring at Jesse's head while everyone's at man of the year twitterurl
All my sick cousins gave me a blocked nose and an itchy throat... why man
CBS > Texas puts man to death for ex's fiery killing twitterurl #news
i saw this running man notebook then got Gary's drawing face. O P Q R~
wow fuck you man do u think they're criminal?! Butthurt people urgh
"Now my baby is dancing, but she's dancing with another man."
So you mean you're 30kg now? OMG I hope your bones don't break man. twitterurl
have a sudden fascination for Lee Kuan Yew. Fuckin' wise old man.
Body stuffed in trolley bag: Man jailed two weeks for failing to report death twitterurl
Ruins and Remembrance: Ivan Man Dy's World War II Walking Tour of Corregidor Island, Philippines. twitterurl
NUS student threatens to punch man over parking row twitterurl #OpPopulation
Naked man wanders around Ang Mo Kio near crowded hawker centre\
"twitterusername #MentionTo your friend who likes Running Man. #IM_RunningMan twitterurl twitterusername
Anthony Wong and Eric Tsang fought in 'duel of century' during Ip Man filming                 twitterurl
No one (wo)man should have all that power. #beyonce twitterurl
"twitterusername [1080p] [1080p HD] 130222 Music Bank CNBLUE - Man Like Me+I'm Sorry twitterurl via twitterusername
Man jailed for cheating friend of $10,000 with a restaurant investment lie twitterurl
??twitterusername Th non campers program sucks man like what the fuck is that shit ass schedule???
Ice king snow man (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Power puff girlz"twitterusername #RemajaIndonesia makibao / p-man / power puff girls ?"
omg kim jong kook please convince the running man PD to come to singapore! #KJKinSG #RunningManinSG
Met 2 people who are featured in Running Man in 2 weeks.
PR man enjoys Malaysian lifestyle, food and culture like the locals twitterurl
man I'm done trying to figure this kik shit out. just text me. fuck all that.
DAMN !!! CHANNEL 8 FLASH PICTURES OF DOLLS ! I'm not gonna sleep well man .. fuck pediophobia ..
??twitterusername 3am and I'm trolling around , I need something to do man??? exactly mj come
Is a man with great word pattern special ? And what makes him special.... ?
Walao!!! Man U got so many chances to make it 2-0...
??twitterusername Man charged with molesting teen male on bus twitterurl faith in humanity lost wtf
"twitterusername Runners! #TellMe which songs do you think Jong Kook will sing? ;)" ONE MAN
That surely is a red card for the Pahang goalkeeper! Last man tackle!
7 supersubs for Man Utd woot woot! Rooney Valencia Cleverley Anderson Evans Welbeck Lindegaard #GGMU #QPRMUN
??twitterusername Running man you should really come to SG soon please???
Man gets 14 months' jail, driving ban for stealing SUV twitterurl #Singapore
what's the fav. thing for u to do in the world?? ??? Watching Running Man ^^ twitterurl
Man United vs Real Madrid 2nd leg at 3.45am tonight . #ggmu
??twitterusername ??twitterusername How many RTs for Jackie Chan on Running man? twitterurl
P. Ramlee was the awesomest man to step on the face of Earth .
If normal sch day lmbt for class okay la but not exams man.
Powernap only for 4 Hours cause later watching Man United match against Real Madrid (2nd Leg)
Man people at my job worst than niggas on first 48 wit da snitchin tho
??twitterusername twitterusername i wanna shine bright like the sun??? sure you can young man hahaha
??twitterusername [ENG] Running Man Ep 135 with Jackie Chan &amp; Choi Si Won subbed by kshownow!\
Somebody that lives arnd clementi lets eat breakfast wimme pls lah pls. hungry man.
Off to the gym now :) off day must make full use of it man!
teach yourself something valuable in front of a man who loves you??
??twitterusername If you're not watching Man United vs Real Madrid tonight you're doing life wrong.??? twitterusername
Streaming both matches! Dortmund playing superb while Man Utd looking more deadly in the other match.
Doubting tmr my brain is gonna work. Die man. Tmr session will be impromptu speech.
Just done watched Coming Soon w Nurul and Paa just now , soooo scary man ??
If rooney leave, man utd is not the best team anymore??
??twitterusername #HowToMakeMeSmile when Jihyo &amp; Gary have Monday Couple moments in Running Man!!???
I'm the man !!! *gebrak meja* RT twitterusername Who do you think you are~
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? Islam , its cannot twitterurl
aww man talking to someone like that takes alot effort to stay not mad. ahdhjgkalf;f
Watching Running Man Jackie Chan's episode. OMG. JUST BY WATCHING IT MADE ME SO EXCITED.
So in love with a man i can not have....sighhh oh twitterusername
O___O brother watch running man feat. Jackie chan & Siwon in army camp?? LOLOL
Watching Honey Boo Boo and her family, god bless my family and Singapore man.
Is abang not home yet? Hmm man im doomed i should be asleep!!
Walao my mgls need to take care man twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
What happened to Lion Tigers & Bears like that was one of my fave Tremaine fanfics man
??twitterusername "twitterusername Guys who insult their gf after breakup is so not cool. Be a man."???
Now I have my own transport to work.. ouh man... no more Big Breakfast.. T.T
I'm gonna clear everything man. The last time I are was 8 hours ago.
Onboard SMRT MAN A22 [SMB202U] Sv985 . Heading to Masjid Ar-Raudhah with twitterusername & twitterusername
No stopping Spurs at the moment. AVB is a happy man.
there is one download for my "Ain't No Other Man" who r u
oh man gotta be careful today just heard from denise the manager went on berserk mode
Playin  Slender man while listening to earphone is fucking scary lah siaa
??twitterusername twitterusername ouh you naughty naughty boy!??? fuck me alrdy man
wtf guys?! I was sleeping man!! ?? RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername BYE IZZAN !!! ?? twitterurl
YOU'RE CREEPY MAN! YOU'RE CREEPY! Has anyone ever told you that?!\
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones - Confucius
"twitterusername I dont want guys....i want a rudeboy CHEH KK" twitterusername go man go
Saw uncle ... he???s the photographer and make up man. Awkward :/
Where do you see yourself in 10 years. ??? working I guess HAHAHAHA idk man twitterurl
watching the third ip man movie because kung fu is cool.
Bernard Hopkins, 48, becomes oldest man to win major world boxing title twitterurl
Tunisia to vote on new govt after man self-immolates twitterurl
I'm so hungry, I feel like a Pac man in the kitchen roaming for food .
Die die wanna grab my drink tomorrow. It's fucking too addictive man.
Running man Ep 137. Can't wait for it.!! #runningman #mondaycouple twitterurl
Im just a boy im not a man so lemme have fun while i can
Sucks man, feeling down and yet our convo is like... haisss. Sorry boi.
Its 6.47am and im still poo-ing omg i needa bathe man!!!!!!!!
Every second every minute man i swear he can get it! ??
Hahaa. Timeline got Liverpool vs Spurs & Man United vs Chelsea :D
Aisehman. No one can even be compared to how much I Miss my man. ?
Not so fun when I don't know a single Man City fan. =\\
fucking shit this shiming everything also forget to bring haha!! die man die
Man united won 4-3 at Reading. Hopefully at old trafford they dont concede
I can play this song for the whole day man seriously.
Omg the refs were bias for Man U vs Reading. Oh well.
freak man, math acelearning duration oni 1 hr cnt do slowly le siannzzzzz
Changjo is indeed becoming a man .. ^^ not like maknae anymore haha
old man give me money as a reward of passing my ca1
Man arrested for series of outrage of modesty  cases at Tampines housing estate  twitterurl
"twitterusername A Foolish Man Is Always Doing, Yet Much Remains To Be Done - Lao Tzu"
People should learn to be humble and not too proud. This will kill you man.
Been repeating the beatbox instrumental that I posted on FB. Sick flow man!!!
Your attitude like fuck ah. Everything i do, need to follow isit? Where's your orignality man.
I'm so bored! Packing Dior lipgloss and playing candy crushed to kill time! Oh man!
it's been a long time since i last watched Running Man hahahaha
This Man Gets On Twitter Damn Near EVERYDAY & Air Out Our Dirty Laundry ??
Hahahaha yeah man what is RT twitterusername twitterusername what is stress?!?!?!
[ST] Man jailed for recording woman in shower with a spy camera twitterurl
tell the uncle CGH knn drive me go SGH PRO CON MAN
"A double minded man is unstable in all his ways."  #verseoftheday
how cute of the old man he's playing the harmonica in the train station ????
Wa, I dreamt of myself being stupid. Too much running man..
Running man and a mixture of hide and seek hehe yay
Using logic and science to explain the supernatural......whutttt. Ain't gonna work that way man.
YEEESSSS RT twitterusername Watch: Edgar Wright's 'Ant-Man' Test Reel Leaks Online | The Playlist twitterurl
Someday, u will sing this song Now my baby dancing, but she's dancing with another man :)
Life is so hard without your parents man, hungry also cannot eat ?
#NowPlaying The Click Five // Catch Your Wave. THIS IS CLASSIC MAN! :)
When will the eng subs be out for running man ep 138?! :( faster plsss
Southeast Asia's Burning Man; translates to "Miracle on the Sand". twitterurl
Kaboom and then vroom ! Man i sure wish i had one of those.
One of the funniest running man episodes i've ever watched had a great laugh
Man injured in Jurong shipyard blaze in critical condition, with 38% burns to his body twitterurl
??twitterusername "If I were a boy, I swear I'd be a better man."???
happy birthday man! have a freaking blast and may Allah bless you xx twitterusername
"twitterusername Favourite song now?? ??? The Man Who Can't Be Moved : The Script twitterurl
Man in China gets stuck between houses after trying to take shortcut home\
Man if that S4 leak is true. It's one fugly device.
Mr ong giving the assessment book the day out camp start.... Wtf is this shit man......
Going to become a juice sales man, two lines, ice, water, $2.4 #sg
Man accused in Delhi gang rape hangs himself in jail twitterurl via twitterusername
I am choosy/picky when it comes to finding a job man.
[ST] Man investigated for making false report on lost items twitterurl
nahh babe you fail, my mood aint ruin at all man try again next time ??
You guys are too FICKLEMINDED and too PICKY . Like comeon man . Stick to one decision ????
Oh man. Cant work tmr due to the place having a game.
*ganti* #nowwatching Running Man - the guest is "Sunny and Yoona SNSD" :D  twitterurl
Hope u die RT twitterusername Man allegedly kills woman, rapes child in carjacking twitterurl
Only getting class tee one day before sports carnival oh man
"germany are arrogant but full of confidence" fuck that shit man
1 april di stanford Bitch! "twitterusername FA Sudah Tentukan Jadwal Chelsea versus Man. United. twitterurl
Heartwarming to see local singer helping old man pick up cardboard boxes\
Dead couple in Geylang hotel: Man killed lover, then himself             twitterurl
Man and 'pillion rider' on motorised bicycle hog road and change lanes recklessly      \
Man somebody was following me I had to do I detour and duck off
Confessions: How NS man 'keng' and got doctor to give late booking-in at 12pm  twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername at last we met in the mosque bro :)??? yeah man :)
Asking a girl to cut her hair is like asking a man to shave his legs
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl KitesTV2 welcome Running Man to Vietnam
Running Man made a good choice by choosing Jihyo. Wow, she jumped without worries ??
??twitterusername [Spoiler] The ???Monday Couple??? makes a return on ???Running Man???\
Elderly man in China attacks woman for not giving up her bus seat\
??twitterusername "Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man..." twitterurl
Trying to make it work, but man these times are hard.
Bruno Mars - When I was Your Man by LED Apple's Hanbyul.. love your voice twitterusername  twitterurl
??twitterusername Running Man and members' birthday. Cr on pic [I] twitterurl
fuck man. i saw a ghost pic n i nearly died.
Yeah the couch RT twitterusername Every man needs a little cushion for the pushing ????
Waking up beside the Man I Love is a Blessing ! I Missed my Bby??
Police looking for man to assist with investigations into theft twitterurl
Omg the domino's pizza delivery man asked me if Jayesslee's coming!!!!! HAHAHAHA.
omg hanbyul's cover of "when i was your man" is perfect. twitterusername
Who's worse: Australian man watching porn in office or guy who put his pic online?\
if you put your finger in your ear and scratch, it sounds like pac-man
An interview with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong undefined via twitterusername interesting man as always
One hour drive to Ontario, lets ride. I'm kidding, we got a Toyota man.. #Adventuretime twitterurl
Haha... Sending off ahgong. Man, he walk super duper fast!!! I can't catch up with him!!!
Buying breakfast for the man cuz idk what to cook hahaha
Please tell me infinite will go on weekly idol during man in love promo !! ~
wow RT twitterusername Man finds 7cm knife in back three years after stabbing twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername How do you greet your friends? ??? skater handshake twitterurl yeah man !
As a man you cannot sleep until 5am : mission in progress
Watching the first Iron Man movie and still saying "Woahhh awesome!"
If our lives are already written, it would take a courageous man to change the script.
Freak man I kept wanting to scream in my nightmares and wake up but I couldn't.
I love you too syirah :) RT twitterusername twitterusername think happy thoughts. I love you man.
Saw Ismail from the ah boys 2 man in the train.
Man why didn't I discover partying back at my old house
you're a white teenage girl not a black 40 year old man
Racist alert --> ??twitterusername twitterusername ya wtf man all malays lol wut....??? HAHAHA
Just my kind of man RT twitterusername Absolutely hot #MalePerfection  "twitterusername twitterurl
Man punches car and causes dent after accusing driver of lane cutting twitterurl
Two is better than one. Except in a game, two bosses are not good man
Done watching running man ep 137. Omg. Kwangsoo why so funny? I can die of laughing.
lol my friend's mac wallpaper is minho and i'm like yeah ............................... man
.......fuck man -_- the budokan tics are going at 20k each now. im pissed >.>
??twitterusername twitterusername awww man. Not even the new era shoes????I didn't see any!
Maybe Im not a smart man, but i know what love is - Forest Gump
(CNA|sg) Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road twitterurl
???????????????????????????????????9????w RT twitterusername Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear twitterurl
I don't know anyone else into the xx aw man twitterurl
Body art! Went crazy man! It was like partehhhhhhingggg #FOCAS #hawkeye #whitagram twitterurl
i m controlin for the sake for u.. i ll control. i m bursting man..
Man I don't want to end up having a face full of scars and marks.
Have i? RT twitterusername A woman is supposed to bring the good outta her man.
$300 to fix the screen on my phone :( not gonna happen anytime soon man
CBS > Ariz. man, 86, spared prison in wife's mercy killing twitterurl #news
But I have to admit tho, this actor is handsome as fuck man.
I love my bak, bak sam and man. They are my favourite men!
Wtf man busty passenger can't pay $8 instead she strip off top for 20 minute.??????
My fav quote of LOTR "I am no man!" - Eowyn before she kills the Witchking #film4
oh man i love this feeling. waking up and knowing that tomorrow is still Sunday HAHAHAHA
Step by Step - New Kids On The Block reminds me of Jaesuk in Running Man ??
Shit man overslept .. now i have to leave for the next session :/ Lucky not prac
Wahahhaa twitterusername and I playing bomber man in the arcade ? @ Starlight twitterurl
Man stops robber on the run -- but for something you won't expect \
I was the man who took that nude pic of Vanessa mmmm k
AsiaClassifiedToday: Most Lankans not aware of their responsibility - Dr Herath - Waste Man... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Man im so addicted to ginger biscuits. They're like gold in my mouth
I just used #Shazam to tag Harlem Shake by Elephant Man. twitterurl
Bruce is a funny young man. Little does he know, 2 can play that game.
Was watching Iron Man and Warm Bodies yesterday til like 6.30am #thuglyfe
I just cant wait to get my ass off from this house man
oh man I love megan so much that it hurts to not tell her. hahahaha
#nowwatching running man episode 138! #runningman #hdmi #tv @ ? Jdithrysen's Crib ? twitterurl
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.\
[Modmyi] Gameloft Teases Upcoming Iron Man 3 Game With New Trailer Video twitterurl
Today is my old man bday...fuck that bum cause tomorrow my bday ??????
When I was ur man - Bruno Mars ( idk why i love this song so much! )
Shit man twitterusername made me call imh's number...on April 2nd.
Man i look fat. With xuemin_shermaineee #asian #cute #girls #tired twitterurl
"when love is in access,, it bring a man no honor nor worthiness" - euripides
"twitterusername "Greedy man" ringtone will also pre-released in Rekochoku on 3rd April (tomorrow) twitterurl
Do all the things that he should've done . When he was my man .
Where is the man jia le at far east!!! My fav yuan yang no more!!!! Criessssss
Can't wait for later. Meeting my man tapi now only 2.40 am. Clock faster 10.45am pleaseeeeeeeeeeee
And really looking forward for their soundtrack in Iron Man 3!
Ip Man: The Final Fight ???? (with twitterusername at Cathay Cineplex) ??? twitterurl
Apparently I'm watching the Chelsea-Man Utd game with no pressure.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl ?"The Lion Man" - Shocking Real Story
Man .... This coming OneFightingChampionship held at Singapore again . But I can't attend ):
Addicted to whatever covers that Kurt Schneider posts <33 Freaking awesome man!!
Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets 3 years' jail for other charges  twitterurl
Gotta Perfect That Record Man Cause That Joint Is CRA!!! #DCMG
cover-in lagunya Bruno mars - when i was your man, dong twitterusername :">
[TNP] Man dies after trying to rob S'porean near KL twitterurl
Oh yah! Include Dahliah our bassist! Come on pay up man! #PayforMSLProm
Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy getting a krabby patty! twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
The Man Who Writes WWE Wrestlers' Theme Music Is a James Taylor Fan twitterurl #photojournalism
I saw twitterusername on the final one commercial hahaha, dude im rooting for you man ^^
I'm in awwwwwwe with the banana prata man! :D Such skill!
Man Utd need a midfielder and a center back. Not another striker. -.-
Man who took four firefighters hostage in Atlanta, Georgia shot dead twitterurl
At buona vista now waiting for the man to finish work
Lol headache and flu the whole day not good man erghh
??twitterusername Oh so not looking forward to tomorrow man.??? Why why why why?.
it's great seeing you grow as a dancer man. impressive battle bro twitterusername twitterurl
Sitting around with those delivery man is interesting. They way they speak sibei geh yan
Man steals mobile phone from student hostel - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan steals mobile phone from student hostelAsiaO... twitterurl
I don't any strangers especially a stranger called A Man. twitterurl
??twitterusername WTF man they keep talking about masturbation ????? never join in ah AHAHAHAH
De Gea kicked too early & kena Man City players. But restarted back.
Richard Dawkins Hang Man- and I killed him at the first 3 tries. twitterurl
Super duper exhausted... mentally. Really need at least 3 days off to recharge this man.
So many girls training for abs muscle , as a man I cannot lose out .
aww no more sweet talks coming out.... brain you gotta do better than this man.
Shouldn't have eat my meds. Now im nt watching running man cause im sleppy. Grr.
What i was doing yest, I feel shag too man. twitterurl
Man Doubled His Salary By Studying Coding For 9 Weeks twitterurl via twitterusername
#NowPlaying ? Fanfare For the Common Man / WORKS VOLUME 1 (ELP???) - Emerson, Lake & Palmer twitterurl
"a man is coolest when he only cares about his own woman" - Shin Bong Sun
[PICS] Running Man EPI 139 with Guest Go Ara & Lee Yeonhee twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
dadula who? dracula brother right.... jon who? your son right.... twitterusername HAHAHAHA SHIT U MAN
So this weird  angmoh business man kept staring and smiling at me in the bus , ugh.
Finished with running man. HL chocolate milk and prawn crackers down the throat
i was getting married at 18 with a man that already have kids gosh horrible dream
Iron Man 3, Hunger Games-Catching fire, And CAPTAIN AMERICA NEXT 2 YEARS
Kind old man saves snails from being trampled on by joggers every morning\
Wait i am quite weak at imprompt 2, ouhh man!! Sebastian is way smarter!!!!!!!
Did i just saw a man in triangles masturbate?? Or is he just grabbing lol
I knew this was gonna happen man, fuck. I was being a good boy :(
??twitterusername I don't wanna sweat early in the morning man no way 2.4 grr??? RT X100000
So much hate for my phone right now ugh fak man fakkkkkkkkk
What do you say during awkward silences? ??? Hey so whazzup man? twitterurl
It hurts alot after u fall and it drags u pretty badly. Fuck man..
Omg! Running man is freaking funny luhz sia. Make me laugh so hard!
Belum tentu man city boleh pergi jauh. We can only have one winner.
Man City vs Chelsea. twitterusername and twitterusername rooting for their respective teams.
u and Nicole r/s how long alr? BEBEH ??? since 5ever love her man twitterurl
Cannot watch Running Man on Singtel coz i dont have the channel and that sucks badly
That was my sad attempt on trying to sound like a old wise man. ??
BPL REMINDER 14/4/13 STO v MAN - 9.05pm Britannia Stadium: Astro CH812 and 832. #GGMU
Man in wheelchair endangers himself by weaving in between cars on busy road twitterurl
'newspaper: funny man mark lee knows his business.' hahaha. mark lee again.
Man in China piggybacks his 17-year-old dog everywhere as it can't walk twitterurl
UPDATE: Man arrested after woman was slashed near Bukit Batok Blk 230 twitterurl
Rolls Royce Are Ugly But They Big Ballers Though Do Your Thang Old Man
Man i couldnt tell u where the fuck my head is.
Images of man dropping off bag lead to hunt for Boston bombing suspect twitterurl
>>>> twitterusername Downloading music is a chore man a chore a chore a frigging chore
Man arrested for series of thefts from vehicles in Bukit Merah twitterurl
Shao calls me baby jeong and daphne calls me mama jeong hahaha they so cute man ?
Man quits job by writing his resignation letter on a cake\
I'm ready "twitterusername EPL West Ham v Man Utd this morning twitterurl
bizarre ^.^; ??twitterusername #Japan woman, 77, got $5m from man for sex and love twitterurl
Japan woman, 77, got $4 mn from man for sex and love twitterurl
Just checked the results regarding Man United match against West Ham is a draw, 2 - 2 .
Still home having a mini pizza. Chinese SDL? What's that man.
#Free #Kindle #3: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
Off for 3days man what the fuck am i going to do
AHHH. Man city scores and I got a craving for otah
i have been saving too much this week. cant believe it man! wtf
#Free #Kindle #5: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
War News Updates > One Boston Marathon Bombing Suspect Dead, Hunt On For Second Man -- Live Updates: \
reading the conversations between you & her hahahhaha fuck man get a life.
[ST] Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat twitterurl
RE-POST: Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat twitterurl
Who cares I'm not reply your mention. I'm a stupid man kaz!
Engineers,when you walk into school on monday take note you`re a fucking Champion man.
fuck ur spaces and get a word, man. what are u
Hahaha with the sexaye #man and their sexaye packs! #Fit leongbaoxiang twitterusername twitterurl
What's annoying is when they call my name like hey man, my name's exclusive a'ite.
I'm sorry twitterusername  for wasting ur time in fifa..hands down.ur the man.
' There's no other man can bring the happiness to me like he did '
Man fails to return iPhone even after his photos are captured by app twitterurl
The Man Responsible for the iPhone and iPad CPU Just Left Apple for AMD [Apple] twitterurl
Google Sues Apple; Dog Bites Man (GOOG, AAPL) - DailyFinance twitterurl #google
twitterurl Google Sues Apple; Dog Bites Man (GOOG, AAPL) - DailyFinance: DailyFinanceGoogle Sues Apple;... twitterurl
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press twitterurl
#tech Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press twitterurl
'We're doing everything to save a good man' - Roxas twitterurl via twitterusername
Inside Man: Our Reports From The Apple Vs. Samsung Courtroom On This Week???s CultCast twitterurl
Headlines_CRAIN'S Top apartments see punishing rent hike: Rents on super-luxury apartments in Man... twitterurl #douglascastle
Naman! RT twitterusername #NowWatching Pitch Perfect... YES! While at work... Pampa-goodvibes man lang...
Old man, young woman: Check out Hollywood's most mismatched couples  twitterurl
We all can see you're trying too hard bro chill the fuck out man
10 signs your boyfriend is a real man  twitterurl via twitterusername
Dont need to post ur pict while holding a liquor .doesn't look you cool man !
Fucking annoyed. I'm only eligible for ite courses. Wtf is this man.
"twitterusername My cock still in pain:-(. Thanks to skateboarding:-(." get well soon man! :D
Arrrrr I've totally forgot about Running Man!! *quickly switches on the tv*
Oh I wokeup just to have a conversation,not having a conversation hanging like hang man.
Fk man feel damn bad when i see my dad face.. nvr make it to poly
Man jailed 8 weeks for stealing from a commuter in MRT train twitterurl
Aww man. Another one turning 20. Sigh. Soon, only harry will be the only teenager.
Samir Nasri: Arsene Wenger made me a man | The Sun |Sport|Football twitterurl
These niggaz hatin, man I hate them niggaz, make me wanna bring back Tommy Hilfiger.
Don't think & act like a man and ask why your not being treated like a lady.
I foresee there gonna be a liverpool & man united + the referee war at night.
Classmates that can actually understand one another :') haiszerr. Appreciate that alot man.
Done tidying up the room!! Can't wait to get my own room man hate sharing
??twitterusername Izzah & iman are two really adorable juniors man I swear :')??? YAAAAAAAY n.n
Tonight got Running Man marathon and cannot wait to see Kwangsoo!!!!
Screw it man, I totally lost interest in almost everything alr
Furbys are fucking creepy. How do kids play with it man.
Pakistan's latest political 'drone': Unease over role of man urging 'long march' on Islamabad twitterurl
??twitterusername It's all about the connections. Right? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ???? Yeah man!!!
Wow RT twitterusername A #Pisces woman can make any man feel like a King in bed.
fuck man i really need to go out and transfer money tmr
Not a fan of man utd. So Liverpool FTW!!! You never walk alone!!!
W em watching Man Utd vs Liverrrpool (@ Restoran Al-Fariz Maju w/ 3 others) twitterurl
RVP is just class. A liverpool fan saying this! ??? i respect RVP's class not Man U ??
this is only one of the things that i would do for you man
should have meet sabby later but everything cock up oh damn great man
??twitterusername Hash plant .. #dolo??? yu ain't got all tht man lol
It is sad to hear the sinfulness of man that affect the body of Christ
snsd, danny welbeck, a dead man walking LOL I'M SCREWED twitterurl
"twitterusername Evan has got to create twitter man????"evangaline goh uh?
YONGHWAAAA AND BELL GAMES RT twitterusername 129! LOOKING FORWARD TO IT! running man winter olympics!!!
Lol y'all boosie is really my man ! Swear I been faithful
Bob Marley was such a handsome man. Full of great wisdom that his music portrayed. ???? #Cho
Pub owner charged with murdering man at Changi Village Road twitterurl
Man outsources his own job to china, spends free time on Reddit.  /via reddit twitterurl
Tom Riddle used to be a handsome man once until he changed to Lord Voldemort.
Tom Riddle used to be a very handsome man until he changed to Lord Voldemort.
You know a man means business when his face is covered with glitter. twitterusername twitterurl
#Malaysia - Ex-NRD man says ordered by Megat Junid to let immigrants vote twitterurl
You damn lame man haha! nothing do ah! RT twitterusername hi lucas :) betchoo cant sidis x)
LIES " Lee Kwang Soo ensures 'Running Man' is never scripted twitterurl
man what if -- nah none of that fuck shit. fuck it and fuck you
"rttwitterusername wah joke of the day, ayam got furr. lol shit man."
Man it just took me 35 min to wash all this damn hair smh twitterurl
Working man pulled up 2 couple working girls and asked em what they workin wit.
"twitterusername one night in bangkok makes a hard man humble, not much between despair and ecstasy ??"
aye bro you gotta stop leaning on me man!!!!!!! irrits seh
fuck it man. you wanna break up so much. i'll give it to you.
Seriously don't piss me off! Urgh! I need to get out of this place man
"twitterusername Man I'm So Ready To Get In My Own spot. Shit Gone Be So Lovely"
Imagining a world where all whales are man-eating whales. Am getting very unhappy now.
And, I don't need you to terase with my tweets young (immature) man.
Nbcb twiddle. Always got connection problem. Making a hungry man rage
Oh man the hotel has a bathtub and I didn't bring my Lush ball :( twitterusername
Mother nature needs to go easy with the sunny weather this morning man.
????????????... This new battery isn't doing me a favour man. Charging more than the past like obviously
Gemornin world. Start your day with yawning and sleep again x.it is saturday man
Thanks man ;)RT twitterusername happy happy birthday twitterusername !!!! have a good one!!!
yea man V NICE RT twitterusername twitterusername ouh okay shall hear e song
Is The Super Kamiokande The Most Photogenic Man-Made Structure Ever? twitterurl | via #UrbanTimes
Dk what kdrama to watch now.... Shall watch running man now :D
??twitterusername twitterusername That's what I'm eating right now man. So bomb.??? Jelly dude! -___-
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername u 2 need to calm down.??? Calming man
xPeke smashes SK Gaming down: The greatest move ever! (IEM Katowice): twitterurl xPeke the man
Tonight, another epic Super Sunday. Chelsea v Arsenal & Tottenham v Man United...
WTH HAHAHA RT twitterusername Behind every beautiful woman is a man, staring at dat ass
Woah this guy is good. Hope Man United will sign him twitterurl
Body aching so badly. Oh man! This is indeed major #signsofaging. ?
??twitterusername Serious question, Does Valencia deserve to wear Man Utd No. 7???? No.
Why do I keep seeing the shitty ass saints on my TL man
Quite true bro!! :) RT twitterusername twitterusername yeah man ! Clarks tak tooo common like dr mart
??twitterusername twitterusername HAHA basket man the rihanna tweet you RT. LOL.??? HAHA FUNNY SIA
yes running man guest choi minho and sulli for tonight!!!!!! why not whole SHINee members!???!!?? ??
[REMINDER] To watch Running Man with Guest UEE & Park Jun Gyu on Channel U at 8pm! :)
My first time choreographing something today! Man it was fun! :P
Thanks for using me as a bad example fuck it man
Master cheff? RT twitterusername the master session 7 >> "dhan_success the master of wrong man...
OK MAN gotta leave my house real soon, off to work meh bye
I think the man sitting beside me was staring at her ass..
Man jailed for insulting modesty by filming an upskirt video twitterurl
Wanna know Gwang Soo true colour watch Running Man eps 17??????
"twitterusername Man mfers really dropping like Flies this year, in the Summer ain't here yet"
(ST) Man jailed for negligently causing wife's death while drink driving twitterurl
And I got a piece of bread for dinner. Gave dinner to Papa man. Ahah
That rhymed but this. RT twitterusername Don't distaste poetry because this man is doing it horribly."
#ShoutOut To The Homie twitterusername Man! His Work Ethic Is UNSTOPPABLE! #TeamTTLO
convinced twitterusername to watch running man and now he's hooked :D #proudrunner twitterurl
Canadian man shot dead two people including a lawyer in a Philippines courtroom twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl [Fancam] 130108 Running man SULLI Unreleased video
Who likes a sexy drummer with good music taste man? ;) twitterusername #HIGHLYRECOMMEND SIOL
Don't go into the water !....I'm a ruthless man-eating Great White Shark !.....LOL !!!!!\
I'm watching The Man with the Iron Fist twitterurl #GetGlue #TheManWithTheIronFist
Man u degrading me RTtwitterusername twitterusername no offence bt it sounds like u degrading him mate!!
Who on earth is awake at 5am in the morning man.
Oh man..I rly hate myself for nt doing productive things..
twitterurl Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP's Jeyaretnam: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 2... twitterurl
Met twitterusername who's gonna enlist soon!! Gotta say I miss having you around man!!
Man Utd should buy Julio Cesar if David De Gea leaves UTD
[ST] 47-year-old man fined $4,800 for insulting cashier's modesty twitterurl
47-year-old man fined $4,800 for insulting cashier's modesty twitterurl
when i was your man by bruno mars playing rn, aaahhhhhhhhh!!! sedihnya
Wtf hazard!! U very hazardous lehhh!! Not cool man! Boo you! #lousy #sorude
fuck la this china man stabding like some doggy style liddat fuck sia disgusting
The hundred-year old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared.
damn, this coursework is getting on my nerve man! looking forward for weekend! urghhh.
Wtf I just saw a man digging his butt on his motorbike...
Trying to make it work but man these times are hard
IKRRRRRR RT"twitterusername gahhhhhh when i was your man by bruno mars so niceeeeee <3"
omg i really want to watch Queen in hyun's man. i shall not sleep.
(sna) Man arrested for making false bomb threat in Singapore twitterurl
[PICS] Running Man EPI 141 Animal Kingdom ????? - HA Penguin ?.??: twitterurl KANG Monkey ?.???: twitterurl
33??C only?! come on its gonna be at least 35??C or something man
''Man of the Match'' of 9th leg goes to...!! #albirex_s #sleague\
Should gyms be gender-discriminatory? Man sues gym for having women-only hours. twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername all the best my man! Kill it! Kill the set!" thanks bruv
Should just delete my Skype man. It's not like I used it .__.
Man brings snoozing in MRT stations to another level -- by sleeping on the floor      twitterurl
Even the sexiest man on earth can't turn me on like Victoria secret handbag did.
Man Points Smartphone Camera at Cop, Gets Arrested for Brandishing "Weapon" twitterurl #photography
The classic repunzel story all chnge to man. I wonder how they goes.
I really miss this Wan Luqman ohmygod what telah happen to you young man?
, that hoe say we was fighting cus she fucking my man ??.
It's gonna be a boring day. Iron man 3 opens today!
Wa, muachee also feeling feeling eat. All the finger foods man.
In the car and bro is singing 'When I was  your man' dengan penuh semangat. Ohhhhhhk ??
"twitterusername ??twitterusername I'm tired of the nonsense at home .??? < so fucking tired man. ????" exactly hais ??
Oh self-complementing once in a while doesn't hurt, but don't overdo it man.
??twitterusername No one wanna watch iron man with me isit? ISIT ISIT???
Iron man 3 sudah, tinggal star trek 2 sama fast 6 are coming very soon ~(???~) (~???)~
Iron man was awesomeeeee I wish I can burn people's face too!!!!
#Deal #Music #10: Man of Steel: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (Limited Deluxe Edition) twitterurl
#manutd bidding for #Ronaldo this summer !!!! solid man fergie !!!! bring him back plssssss !!!!
#ThingsThatIrritateMe people pushing and squeezing me in bus , fuck man ugh
I'm born in Singapore but hell I love my Malaysian blood more man.
#nowwatching Iron Man 1 with twitterusername twitterusername Shelton, Mohammad, Yao Yao and Omar XD
I think a man should wear the pants in the relationship
all tony stark prototype iron man suit so fucking nice sia
Second man claiming trial in online vice case fails to prove statement made under threat  twitterurl
I need to see the doctor soon sia! Cb! Feel like dying man!
Im the Iron man!. Im flying here and there like a bird!. Weeeeee!.
Not gonna watch iron man tomorrow :):) thank you daddy for always making me happy :):):)
CBS > "Iron Man 3" pulls in $175M in U.S. opening twitterurl #news
Seeing calendar make me feel even upset. What's the point of marking down those dates man.
Tbs annoucing that there is no ticket until this sunday. WTH MAN ?
"twitterusername "Charmane" is actually a 40 year old man/woman twitterusername what nooo
Police looking for man involved in loanshark harassment case - twitterurl - AsiaOne: AsiaOnePolice ... twitterurl
[PICS] Running Man EP 144-Guest Cha InPyo, Seo JangHoon & Ricky Kim [4] twitterurl twitterurl
[PICS] Running Man EP 144-Guest Cha InPyo, Seo JangHoon & Ricky Kim [5]\
What do you think man,just what do you fucking think.
man these thing is cute ! they painted their homes  ! @ Nasi Galung twitterurl
Kim Yong Man sentenced to prison for illegal gambling twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername Shipleys??? hope you sharing Threala kmsl"Man i hate sharin!??? Kmsl ??????
But you think that I can't see what kind of man that you are.
A man is giggling by himself watching youtube. I shall do that too heehee
Shit man. Can't sleep. Sudden feeling of annoyed. Ah fuck it. Thanks. good night.
Have you ever been screened by Police? ??? yeah man of course haha twitterurl
70-year-old man docked for standing as surety for escapee son - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
learning Bruno mars- When i was your man on my ukulele :)
Watching running man was more meaningful because they always make me happy, hard laugh !
Spending my night shift at work by watching running man full episodes on youtube heh heh
twitterurl Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution: A massage parlour owner ha... twitterurl
??twitterusername The poo poo man likes to poopoo??? wtf is wrong with you HAHAH
The Richest Man in Babylon: George S. Clason's Bestselling Guide to Financial Success: Saving Money... twitterurl
"Take your time young man. Don't you rush to get old. Live your life." #DCMG
Really cannot wait to get home man bleh. School end faster. Pls i beg youuuu.
I will cry if Matic goes Man United next season . Don't . Never. Seriously. Don't.
Can't wait to reach home man. Feeling so lethargic after a long day in sch.
Whoa oh whoa oh whoa oh... Calm your tits down man.
Man U vs Tottenham Hotspur. I'm watching in it on Channel 5. Heh
Not fair , i didn't know the camera man took a picture of me without me knowing :'(
"twitterusername Never run for a bus, train or man. When one leaves, another arrives"
His mama ain't shit man, we couldn't rock cause I a upside her fucken head.
still excited from watching she's the man early in the morn recently ahahahah
Did allllll my homeworks. Hehe one of the productive weekends man
Ah I'm so in love with you KJK since the 1st time I watched Running Man.
my back hurts a lot and i cant sleep in peace. man ):
Come to us! ;) RT twitterusername Congrats to Man United on winning the title
Seems like everyone has watched/ is going to watch iron man ??
W my gooodfriend siti rn watching iron man 3 ltr ?? twitterusername
Just reached home haven't bathe. Hais why am I bathing so late everyday man.
??twitterusername Iron man 3 is not bad. Some scene quite funny. ?????
??Do all the thing i should have done, when i was your man???
Low Beng Hong, Ng Choon Cheng, Kent Lo. Rot in hell man.
Dragging my arse outta man...im tired...i dreamt i was pregnant?????!!!!
The Amazing Spider-Man Official Strategy Guide (Official Strategy Guides (Bradygames)) By (author)... twitterurl
My dawg said you aint no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong!
Guess who is watching Iron Man 3 tomorrow? *points to self*
Feel like watch iron man 3 maybe next week... With friend i think??
running man has their own app? hahahah cool i mean for app fans
It's like I'm married to my father hahahah man of my life ??
Jom kita Vote #manifesto_vs ..taip VS atau VS5 MAN.. Hantarkan ke 33399 .. Support twitterusername twitterusername yeahhhhh...
wuz suppose to watch iron man 3 today but i'm brokeeeee sighh
?? RT twitterusername No longer a virgin towards Iron Man 3................. :3
MAN I'm tired brought my birthday in doing hair.. a nigga finna k'o after this bath.
I'm done watching Iron Man 3 (2013) twitterurl #IMDb #nowwatching with twitterusername
Oh man really gotta go out later. Can't stand cleaning my house in detail.
Out to meet boyfriend ?? gonna watch iron man 3 ?? #whitagram twitterurl
So cool so hot so sexy ni hen man wor!!!! RT twitterusername AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA twitterusername twitterurl
Rt "twitterusername I really hope that both lewandowski and falcao could join man utd. Insya'allah ??"
??twitterusername am i the only one that hasn't watched iron man 3 yet :(??? nope
i cannot take it every thursday ada test boleh mati man
#Deal #Music #6: Man of Steel: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (Limited Deluxe Edition) twitterurl
Compounded,, and acquitted of all charges.. I'm a free man now..  Alhamdullilah .
Sialah I'm so freaking jealous of the people who already went to watch Iron Man 3 ????????
Jepon today want to be the satay man!. Haha twitterusername twitterurl
Am i the only one who have'nt watch Iron Man 3 yet?
would u date someone who's older than you?????? ??? Idk man twitterurl
Why must my toe nail break at the wrong timing man. Tsk!
I'm not gay but serious serious beckham sachok gila. Fucking ajey ah this old man
This man to die for RT twitterusername 0502 MR. ?????? ???~ ?? ????? #Yesung preview twitterurl twitterurl
At Certain time you can be harsh. But not all the time man.
"You caused all this, you don't wanna see her happy, man."
I'm stalking your profile for like everyday. I don't know man, i just did. Sorry.
"One thing will never change,I am Iron Man" - Tony Stark
Which subject will u take? history or Geography? ??? Not so sure man, History? twitterurl
absolutely ! RT twitterusername we are 3 funny man right? twitterusername twitterusername and big boss twitterusername
fuck man im so sleepy still & this is rare ugh lack of sleep >:(
That's not true lol ??twitterusername Man The Good ones Either Taken or Got Baggage???
Woke up at 9.30 just finish watching ah boy to man 2 hahahas!
All 10 of their running man shirt ?? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Shall stop thinking.. Heading to bed. :( way too stress up man.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl IRON MAN 3 Trailer - Thai sweded by FEDFE
??twitterusername twitterusername back off! Im Iron-Man! twitterurl walao!. I tot u were a spiderman!. Haiszer.. :(
Urgh this man united fan is annoying like hell. Go away.
Too much of Man U and the new manager rumors. Shall wait for the official ones??
WHO'S THE MAN?! RT twitterusername I lost to Weiyang in arm wrestling today . Damn .
???? RT ??twitterusername Imagine Kwang Soo as your teacher.. LOL!! Cr instarunningman Via Running Man ??? twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino twitterurl
Every time I see log questions I jus want to stab myself man OMG
Man arrested for cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino - twitterurl - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan arrested fo... twitterurl
So the legend retires as manager Man United.. Farewell you big boyy ~
I'm not a fan of Man U but yeah lots of respect to Sir Alex Ferguson.
Sir Alex Ferguson is retiring. You've done well old man!! #Respect
oh man bro wanna go out? lol my phone no batt liao :S
Youd know how good of a man someone is on how he treats his parents
This is the cutest thing everrrrrr ;Kai Sings 'When I Was Your Man' twitterurl
Getting more and more sleep while watching running man marathon with mummy goh.
Tonite FA Cup ah ehh. Man city lose tonite's game please..
John terry :( :'( ,itu cahill jg hrusnya gol,the ball was crossed the line man,come on ._____.
Great to see Lampard break the record. #respect for the man.
Nurul azwan roya ! RT "twitterusername Man Of The Match pilihan Anda ?"
Photo: Mirror closet. Trying to b a camera man #sx50 twitterurl
Should i just watch running man on youtube so that my eyes wont shut like rn?
Glory glory man United #ggmu #champions2013 #mcuswan #partytime and we keep on marching on on on!
GAAAADDD this is life man, spending the night spamming some good songs
Sir Alex Ferguson sang his final Man United chants #GGMU #RESPECT #SAF
no man I wouldn't do my agf just for revision because it's like wasting ledger paper. ?
Man arrested for having pipe bomb denies involvement in Texas fertiliser plant blast twitterurl
they had tanks powered by lightning strikes man what the hell.
Shit man . Hahaha texting Jeff and he was like 'keep calm and go back to sleep'
happy birthday twitterusername have a good one and stay classy. enjoy man.
Man who heckled one of the speakers, Alfian Sa'at, at Speakers' Corner. twitterurl
Damn man I'm totally gna screw up for tmr's paper, I didnt memorise much
too old to run anymore RT twitterusername So SJ declined running man? Oh god
eh bumped into bertrand at the train station miss that dude man
??How 'Iron Man 3' Did The 'Barrel Of Monkeys' Scene??? via twitterusername twitterurl
Former R. Madrid's coach Pellegrini is replacing Mancini as Man City coach .
Iron man was amazing. I didn't managed to watch the ending part after the credits tho.
Finally im done with all the Episodes of D. Gray Man...
Okay baru ingat pasal esok. It has been a yearrr!!!!!!!!! Time flies soo soooo fast man.
Man united have a teamwork play not hanging only on one person rt"twitterusername Mata twitterurl
Man arrested after car slams into coffee shop table at Selegie Rd twitterurl twitterurl
I even snap at the auntie eating curry puff the dafuq!i iz the insane man
#CrockPotTerrorPlot - Man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Chicharito,RVP and Danny Welbeck starting up front for Man Utd #manutd
Gonna pack my stuff before watching Man United final home game against Swansea City.
My bro say they will all clap hand eh today for Man united hehe ??  twitterusername
Oh man not photos of food in the middle of the night la please
Don't care about my MYE liao la! Fuck it man. Fail then fail.
Do everything I should have done, When I was your man.......
Our vacation full sponsorship is giving by this gorgeous man ?? (at Emirates Palace) [pic] ??? twitterurl
Marc Jacobs' One-Man War Against Nail Art Rages On twitterurl via twitterusername
I just wanna go out and hang out for a while man
Nah man, I'm just kidding. I'm lying on my bed smoking my life away.
self pity is like james bond kow towing to a man in rags
[ST] Man in rape case 'was framed by younger brother' twitterurl
Women* Men* twitterusername RT twitterusername Tbh,woman are actually stronger than man.
Help identify this man: Wanted for raping a child & child pornography twitterurl twitterurl #DT twitterusername
Man, not nature, responsible for climate change: 97.1% of research papers twitterurl
See how man catches flying bird -- with bare hands twitterurl twitterurl
You are putting trust in a man who once lied about your own father.
Oh man i totally forgot i have to collect my scholarship tomorrow morning with dad ??
Hah, memories of kayaking last year coming back. Damn fun and man, i miss the instructor.
Niggas talkin that fly shit but wear they man clothes & never buy shit
time for running man while waiting for my abtm 2 to finish downloading
When I Was Your Man will be a good song for you to hear.
its freaking twitterusername 's 15th year man come on make his day, wish him! Hahaha
What if the doc says no more stretching your lower back? Never gonna happen man. Never.
omg sulli and her younger brother has a 16-year age gap. that's a record man...
If He A Baller ???? Just Know I'm His #?1? Fan ???? At Every Game, Supporting My Man ???????
Man confronts woman driver who sounded horn as he reversed toward her twitterurl twitterurl
You may be charmed by someone who behaves in a flirtatious man... More for Capricorn twitterurl
There's one thing spider-man is good at,it's sewing.You can see his suit,it's incredible
Old lady quarreling with a young man cause apparently he accidentally kicked her. ??
Cari nahas sia Man U!!! Lucky the title secured already. If not... I dunno ah...
Oh jyeah!! :D RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername he's a Man U fan. Lol
Man steals $300 worth of cough syrup from clinic twitterurl twitterurl
????, drain your man out you wouldnt have to worry about nothing else .
[ST] Man who filmed 423 upskirt videos, charged with insulting modesty of women twitterurl
"i see you and your crazy mind like everything's the same" no man its different. lol
"twitterusername There is no strong beer. Only weak man." Wow! Steady la ??!
Oh yah man! Needa put the showcase video in my laptop to pass syahril.
Do you miss anyone right now? ??? I miss a lot of people man twitterurl
(yahoo) Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral twitterurl
Runners! Don't forget to catch Nichkhun and Taecyeon on Running Man tonight at 7pm!
everyone deserved a second chance.But if u did it again you are about to die man.
Man arrested for breaking into 20 flats; most of the flats were unlocked twitterurl
My bestfriend's dad has gotta be one of the funniest man around
Man charged with importing 21 puppies without licence and subjecting them to unnecessary suffering twitterurl
#beforeidieiwantto at least play at Old Trafford for one full match with Man United
Miss the atmosphere of my family watching Man Utd & Liverpool matches. Family split into half. HAHAHAHA
That was a waist of fucking gas ? ahhhhhh ! man do i hate that shit
Happy 24th T-Rizzle foh shizzle Mah chizzle!! All the best man twitterusername ?
i tot he know the man standing there, keep look & say hafeez lol so funny sia!
whatever man it goes in one ear and goes out the other
I only got a 50 sack left I need to see da weed man
Breaking: PDP names 11-man committee to investigate Amaechi - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Omg the ion orchard apartment has hot spring loves it man
I wanna watch running man in class... on my laptop.. T.T ......
??twitterusername twitterusername haha welcome. Alright man, insyallah. Apape calling calling.??? Oryte dude.. ????
Man"twitterusername y am i so pressed over a nigga that could be fucking other bitches?"
Another elderly man in China attacks young woman for not giving up bus seat twitterurl twitterurl
I Swear We Got The Coolest Manager Man lmao!! #ShoutOut To twitterusername #TeamVakseen #DCMG
Police nabbed four women and a man arrested at an illegal gambling den twitterurl
Otw home now. What a fun and tiring day today man
??twitterusername "twitterusername Watching soccer w my grandpa now." Man utd vs liverpool??? HAHA LIVERPOOL AH!
Thank u stylists for giving Woohyun better clothes for Man In Love Japanese version~~ twitterusername handsome!!
Man spent 15 years with pencil in his head following childhood accident, German doctors say twitterurl
Continuing our Running Man date in MT intensive tmr with twitterusername ????????
Fuck man chest and arms getting smaller. Gonna become flat chested again.
So hungry at this timing. Ive been focusing watching running man the whole night.
Dangerous for elderly man to climb road divider to cross in Sengkang \
Man jumps from moving plane at Pearson airport twitterurl via twitterusername #Toronto
Welcome to Athens Airport.. Long cab queue man @ Athens International Airport "Eleftherios Venizelos"?? twitterurl
Thanks for coming man! Treasure a bro like you very much. ??? twitterusername twitterurl
having tummy ache in the middle of the night is not cool man
Wide awake.... merry fucking Christmas to me man happy new year. National day
Every man should come home to a clean house, a hot meal, & a horny gf/wife
Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
(topix) Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue twitterurl
Man i love the student lounge. Awesome place to chill and play music.
Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue twitterurl via twitterusername
I don't see me being appreciated in anyone's life man lol
Nora Danish shaved her side!!!!!!! What was she thinking man! Hopefully you look cuter la hehe
Why brag about a man who wont wipe off your tears ?
PRESIDENT CHUA. LAI. RT twitterusername twitterusername training pull ups since young man. twitterurl
Since Suarez leaving is coz of the English Media, means he wouldnt move to Man City.
Damnnn the pain in my ankle is acting up again man gaaah T.T
#lightskinniggasproblems RT twitterusername Everyone hates lightskins man, they be doin dumb ass shit :(
Asked my bro to cook for me maggi. Too tired lah thanks man twitterusername
"twitterusername twitterusername igot scared bc one was an old man like 40" DJDJSNNSS
The vid of a guy spitting on an old man is so fucked up!
Early morning i'm like a pac man roaming around the kitchen for food, Lol .
One day when u see ur man cry infront of u, u re his lucky woman.
Limited collection launched with special screening of ???Iron Man 3??? twitterurl
hahahaha i dont even know man that's a pretty unglam photo
Wade n Bosh weak ass man fawk wrong with them tonight????
Look how tall Harry is omfg hella sexy best man sksjskdl ?????? twitterurl
Ignore a good man, beg for a bad boy. Girls are insane.
[CNA] Man sentenced 3 years' jail, 4 strokes cane for molesting daughter twitterurl
Why man of steel coming out nxt wk instead of this wk walao
[ST] Unemployed man gets three years'jail, caning for molesting daughter twitterurl
??Running Man Sparta??? Kim Jong Kook Malaysia Showcase 2013. Have you gotten your tickets already? twitterurl
Body of man in 60s found in Kallang River twitterurl twitterurl
Man knocks out on train -- and left in the lurch by friend twitterurl twitterurl
seriously,really need to talk to abah yan sia FUCK MAN FUCK U
Is like every sunday , we have party like that. Been eating pizza's every month man.
Man...the quicker I get away from this place the better...
My man is 28 years old already XD #Happy28thParkYuchun #28thYuchunDay <3
Myanmar man slashed to death in KL, religious motive under scrutiny twitterurl
Im done fr you gone get me beat up man shooo
My Cheating Wife: A Man shares details of his wife's Infidelity twitterurl
HAHAHAHAHAHA! RT twitterusername Aww man k regretting for not going for jerangkang this year.
Kabi can be a future singer or some prank call expert guy man HAHA
not worth the hype man.. tbh. maybe its just the branch :-(
I miss mine from Cambodia RT twitterusername I'm missing my boyfriend in Thailand man
"twitterusername y ppl all like so dead on funrun man"This
Just now at the beach, it was freezing cold man twitterurl
[TNP] Man gets three years, eight strokes for molesting daughter twitterurl
music at kudeta on tuesday so nice man! at last good music
Tweet a picture of yourself doing v-man push ups! ??? LOL Google twitterurl
Finally can watch Running Man, WGM etc etc cause exams are over!!! nyehehehehheeh ^^
Wa cannot remember which episode of Running Man I started watching regularly liao.
Yah man RT ??twitterusername All the young punks hanging out. Ahhhhh June holidays.???
you cannot like a man that seem too perfect. he will ruin you.
Happy birthday to one of the most talented man on Earth, twitterusername
#33 - Friendly & a guy who look like a man now haha, see you around soon!
I wanna watch Now You See Me or Dead Man Down tonight.
A book that documents the challenge of a young man on changing the world.
I am a man who walks alone, and when I'm walking a dark road.
"any man who dies with a clean sword, i'll rape his fucking corpse" hahahahahhaha
AsiaClassifiedToday: Indian-origin man jailed in Singapore - Jagran Post: Jagran PostIndian... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
#np when i was your man. To young to dumb to realize~
lmfaooooooo. they all start w "Or" he named em all. got damn man
18 arrested in India after brutal killing of man suspected of practising witchcraft twitterurl
0123 - one of my best bros in pri school :') hang out soon man :(
I'm not being kinky lah bodoh! Haha it's mamang the fact pon the fish man!
lerrning how to play 'when i was your man' on guitar x')
AsiaClassifiedToday: Indian-origin man jailed in Singapore for selling drugs - NDTV: Indian... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Had a great evening with my man and a delicious supper with his family. :')
running man vs law of the jungle now on channel ONE
Oh man what do I wear tomorrow! I am clothe less:(
If golden village have running man marathon that will be super awesome!
(topix) Man jailed for helping others to get visit passes for their "wives'' twitterurl
no new interactions,no one to whatsapp with. man,i'm so bored.
what was i man really. what the fuck was i to you.
Wahhh ris congrats man.. twitterusername captain singapore eh ?? Not bad.. Magrib vice eh?
That's the spirit! RT twitterusername twitterusername ma man .. you got to risk it for the biscuit
Yes!!! Finally, I clear 3 months worth of account! And I am a free man again! :)
Oh man. If only one day there's more hours.  I'll still be at holiday
hey man, take the plastic off your head and give me m... ??? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH... twitterurl
"twitterusername Training arm tp bukak baju. What for man? Show off maybe?" Dakdak gym
Four Man Utd legends in S'pore to conduct coaching clinic  twitterurl
Smoke a stick and bath and KO man. (@ My Smoking Corner ???) twitterurl
now prepare for "JUST LET ME DRIVE MAN" to be overused to death by everyone hahaha
#0409 - A friend whom I know since P1, friendly & easygoing guy. See you soon man
Hyungsik omg...  he so funny n poor thing in real man
This man got nothing farking to do. :-S RT: twitterusername [tweet twitterurl
"Body and mind, like man and wife, do not always agree to die together."\
The neopet thing turned into a middle aged man o_o twitterusername twitterurl
I swear all the guys in pukimon masters are all so damn sweet man!
Fellowship with our Hong Kong YMCA friends (Alfred Man & wife) twitterurl
In the past, seohyun will prefer a goguma over a man #???????????????????????
That vine video I swear 5 seconds and idk man it made my night LOL
woah deabak, so looking forward for running man asian dream cup special!!!!!
basically whoring myself out for a follow that will never happen because yolo man
Man Runs Unclad At Dolce And Gabbana Catwalk Show At Milan twitterurl via twitterusername
Iowa Man Selling Coffin Filled With Skeleton Gets Questioned twitterurl via twitterusername
And he has the best bestfriend ??twitterusername Possibly the happiest 'man' in the world. twitterurl
Hopefully I can act the part and actually be the part. Directing take skills man...
I feel like punching this old man face but.. Hais lucky ur my colleague
I need someone to tutor me for POA man. dont understand a single shit
Annoying elder bro want a private text to wish him Happy Birthday. -.- man -.-
If they ain't fckn ya man yet the bitches plottin too.!!
And I can't stand to see another man make you Smile .. smile.
??twitterusername Cow falls through roof, kills man while sleeping twitterurl bugger
Fucking this. Man! RT twitterusername The hardest part of a break up? twitterurl
Just because a man sleeps with you doesn't mean he's thinking about the future.
Man United won't sell Rooney, Moyes said. Does not mean Rooney does not want to leave.
Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee flat twitterurl twitterurl
The only remaining thing that I'm looking forward to for this month is PAYDAY. Yeah man~
Armed man in stand-off with police at Chai Chee flat detained after 5 hours twitterurl
?????? RT ??twitterusername Running Man will be coming to Singapore on 19 OCT!!???
HT: T-Team 0 PKNS FC 1. T-Team a man down following George Boateng's dismissal.
Nooo dude that's not vodka. That's polish! "twitterusername Man.. That was some good Polish vodka"
Justin Timberlake won Best Video Of The Year with Mirror song . that's my man ! <3 #VMAs
Kim hyunjoong. U r one fine man. But what r u doing on stage singing mang..............
There's something you don't understand , I want to be your man
Man arrested for cheating elderly victims by claiming to be from charity twitterurl
Okay fuck man this fiesta muzik is like so so tr boring . Idky
Man on bail in cocaine smuggling trial re -arrested for heroin ingestion - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Cannot believe that I fell asleep while watching running man 2NE1 hahahahahah goodnight so tired
??twitterusername twitterusername reverting to your old life babe :')??? no such thing imma changed man :')
SSS arrests man for allegedly defrauding Abuja minister of N3mn - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
I love that he's a working man but hate when he's away.
You should come to Singapore and I'll bring you around this beautiful island man twitterusername
Gutted not to see Mata on for Chelsea. The man who could change the game. #CFC
Pls lah man utd at least a goal would be great!
Come on~ we need to win! Man u definitely playing better.
!!!!!!!!!!!"twitterusername Any grown man that owns a cat is a mother fucking faggot."
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl 130228 SHINee Jonghyun sing one man + answer questions ShimShimTapa
[Deal] Watsons Running Man Priority Tickets Promotion, Spend $100 To Reserve One Day Early: \
Should i wake up for Man U vs Chelsea anot zz
It takes a true man to know whether that woman is wearing g-string or not
You cheated on ur mistress w/ ur girlfriend -Olivia Pope .. Fitz was a bad man !
#SG NEWS: ???Man caught smuggling cigarettes into ???#Singapore in this sports car twitterurl twitterurl
but man .. how can an international flight be delayed for 7 freaking hours ?!
??twitterusername twitterusername taklah.. kite man utd fans tak macam gitu.. we #respect football..??? ecehhh!..
Listening to music in a Bass Boost is cooler & soundalive totally rocks man ^^
Booking in back to camp tonight. Life of a NS man..
Same pain RT twitterusername twitterusername serious man, I've never been infatuated witth someone this old.
was supposed to sleep 2 hrs ago but whatsapped about running man until now LOL. nights
Dengue: Third person, a 86-year-old man, dies in current epidemic twitterurl
Indonesian man treated for dengue dies; likely contracted dengue from overseas - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
Indonesian man treated for dengue dies; likely contracted dengue from overseas.\
I'll be careful next time boo"twitterusername my back is murdering me right now man."
Nothing is up to your satisfaction right? Man! Are all the same
:: Ahah.. Ayah watching Iron Man 2 at Disney XD.. Since when ehk. ?
Wattpad is my favourite app now. I'd prefer reading books man.
Why we need to pay when running man come to singapore? #suckstobesingaporean
What man! I'm having dinner with her Tmr! I'm excited over this.
Man my shoulders are so tight.. I need a massage something awful.. Geesh...
"twitterusername This cartoonishly muscled-dog is a whippet named Wendy. twitterurl is horrible man
Omg i love my aunt house. Especially raiyan room. I want my own room man.
Keep falling in and out of sleep. This is it man. The life.
Angry man attacks and rips off GF's bikini top during filming twitterurl twitterurl
Yeayyyyyyy Malaysia menang!!! Final ........ Good Job Malaysia! Man of the match for me is Junior Eldstal...
Working*  lol"twitterusername ??twitterusername Goddamn my legs hurt man??? twerking too hard last night?"
Oh Well Man. I Tried It Got Nowhere Now it's Not Up To Me.
Should i watch running man new episode?hmm,feel like watching
Man views porn using Safari, files lawsuit against Apple twitterurl via twitterusername #Apple hates #porn
Dying man finds strength to walk thanks to his favourite football team \
Man fined $4,000, banned for causing grievous hurt to his pillion rider twitterurl
Watching #TheWire Season 3 & They Bout To Kill My Man Stringer .. I Fux W/ String !
fucking bias. you like her innocent face only right. fucker. tiko old man.
When you feel sad, what cheers you up? ??? Watch Running Man. It helps. :) twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Dzeko clinches trophy for Man City - twitterurl FOXSports.c... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Sumpa ltr he bua stunt agn I'd just leave straightaway fuck man
Yeah man, see you there! RT twitterusername Ofkos! RT twitterusername fothamond pergi #PasoBumbong2013 tak? :)
I swear 'when i was your man' is like the saddest song ever
"She lost herself after seeing the man of her dreams walk out of her life."
Dad's hamper is so freaking awesome man. Its consist of all Marks & spencer's products!
Man has 'Jurassic Park' encounter with monitor lizard at Toa Payoh twitterurl twitterurl
A man is nicest to you when he is trying to sell you something
"twitterusername Just because of my unmature friend .this things happen" immature laaa man
Here's the man Gan Lulu is rumoured to be marrying come Nov 11 twitterurl
CBS > Man who confessed to DUI killing makes court appearance twitterurl #news
Didnt know that Edin Dzeko of Man City is a practicing Muslim lol
Not putting any efforts for eoy this time....really need some motivation man
with twitterusername the other day DAMN WE LOOK SO DIFF HERE MAN HOLY SHIT twitterurl
hahahah the neighbours are damn funny man. should dl the whole series.
Listening to misteri jam 12 now. Man it's been a long long time
All the polytechnic directors were intimidating :x Man~ thank god I survived it
When I listen to Lana Del Rey's Million Dollar Man I think of Hannibal.
Oh man, this is rude okay! You should not talk about my boobs k? Fuck you!
Dont get wet up aquafina. Man this shit is our hobby.
Abs showers are basically walking like an old man just to squeeze their abs out
Hello Kitty drama continues: Man scolds queue-cutters who left him without coupons twitterurl  twitterurl
Gonna shop for my Raya heels tomorrowwwwwwww with my best man
Just put all this fucking feelings out on the fucking bag. Man fuck everything.
Real-life ghost rider? Man sits side saddle with hands off moving bike twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername When i was your man ??twitterusername #JikaAkuAstronot Lagu dari Bruno Mars fav lo????"
Cazorla and Arteta mock Man City and Wenger in Spanish interview* twitterurl via twitterusername
"twitterusername Sri Lanka man dies of heart attack after shocking electric bill twitterurl
Piya is man of the match, of course. Bossed at midfield.
I'm Mad This Old Jamaican Man Saw Me Walking & Told Me 'Yuh Body Shape Nice'
Collected specs. ??? Not used to wearing man. Otw to grandma's hse.
Jimmy Wales Is Not an Internet Billionaire twitterurl now this is an amazing man
"A man must eat a peck of salt with his friend before he knows him."\
All I want is money fuck the fame I'm a simple man
(malaysia sun) Ross Taylor A man of passion and purpose twitterurl
Great moshing with you, man! :P RT twitterusername Oh saw twitterusername too!!
My little man turns 8 today! We're celebrating at the happiest place on earth! twitterurl
Night class today. I better focus man. This distraction is killing me!
Really good man today!!!!! I am even bringing home my cupcake craving.. Key lime and 'banoffe'.
AC are you going for LAWL? ??? Yeah man been some time since I went down :) twitterurl
Comel lah when a man blink his eyes at his girl. Auch.
Man fined for acting as a lookout for prostitutes in Geylang twitterurl #Singapore
No death penalty for man who pleads guilty to culpable homicide in stabbing twitterurl
CBS > Man, 79, guilty of killing 4 women dating back to 1977 twitterurl #news
70 year old man puts a fucking fork into his urethra...God, fuck...
repeat mode RT twitterusername #nowplaying I Am A Man - ????????(Beast) ??????; ?????? by ????????(Beast) ??????/?????? twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername
Man who admitted having sex with a goat banned from every farm in the UK. Bahahahaha\
Not cool man... Go out with battery level only 28%. Haha
Oliver torres! The young man who expected to be Bar??a midfielder next season!
Lemme stop hoeing on Twitter so I can find a man
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername but u hv to be home by 7! )-:??? awwww man
Forum Nota Cinta DariNya w/ Syirin and Man (@ Dewan Aspirasi w/ 4 others) twitterurl
[TNP] Man fantasised about stabbing women and touching their breasts twitterurl
Once my gf is asleep, i will continue with my running man marathon while at work
CBS > Cops: Man raped woman, sent explicit texts to her family twitterurl #news
Baru 3rd round, dah Man U v Liverpool. Jodoh lg ah...
Punching a 60 year old man three times without any reasons. U MAD BRAH?!
Morning laughter. Now who supports Man United are.... Don't want to say. #funny #laughter #jokes twitterurl
Welcome back recruit! hahahaha enjoy your first book out man RT twitterusername I'm back singaporeee hahahaha.
so weird that im using my bro's shirt its so huge man
CBS > "Extremely likely" global warming man-made, U.N. panel says twitterurl #news
i think im the only indian guy watching running man all
Sg should hve more big events at fort canning man. Seriously! our own version of TOMORROWLAND.
At times you are an insensitive man. No not at times, its ALL th time.
Man United's exciting youngster Jese Lingard has joined Birmingham on a one-month loan.
"Pesta siswa? Is that some kind of party? But I'm not a party man :T"
Imagine an actual picture of the 10inch.., man I would kill anyone to have that pic :(
A homeless man in Boston returns S$53,000 he found at a shopping mall twitterurl
When a man hot a bitch mouth . You deserve to die ..
CBS > Mom of N.C. man shot by cop forgives, but wants justice twitterurl #news
A man pick his teeth with a toothpick not a rod - Chinese proverb. #fakechineseproverb
US man sentenced to 27 months in prison for helping priest sell methamphetamine twitterurl
Nigeria police officers torture man to death for killing stray dog - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
He ain't shit lmao "twitterusername RB. "twitterusername 7. Describe your perfect man/woman personality wise""
The hardest part of being a man in Singapore is during their BMT period. #Facts
The 'McEverything: Man orders every burger on McDonald's menu to create $179 food monster twitterurl twitterurl
ho fak man when u see it, brix will be shat.
Looks like I'm going to be a little busy tonight! Fucking finally man twitterurl
WOAH~ Running Man fanmeet in Singapore SOLD OUT. DAEBAK! Why didn't I expect that? lol
see you man RT twitterusername See you at the show Singapore ! #bigbang #f1 #tmr
??A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.???\
Man of the match must be Wayne Rooney. Amazing performance from him today.
Isn't he? ;) RT twitterusername Had a chat with Malaysia U23 manager twitterusername yesterday. Top man! twitterurl
And now my baby dancing, but she's dancing with another man.
Nic took pic with Dan Kanter! Wth man, sucha lucky guy
"twitterusername This is man united not your fucking everton and your old tatics sia cb"
Deserved the win, big win for City at Etihad. Don't write Man Utd off just yet.
"twitterusername ??man i am so tired??? stays up for 3 more hours doing absolutely nothing"
Had a great time this weekend. Lord knows I was missing that man like crazy.
I can just stay at the hostel and not go  anywhere. this is heaven man
We have finish "The Amazing Race"! Yay man! ???? twitterusername twitterusername #2013 #september #saturday?? twitterurl
4-year-old's face hits metal bar after man pushes her to board bus twitterurl twitterurl
Why sho tiut ni !? RT "twitterusername twitterusername buto. Hahaha. "Huh? Tgk running man?""
calling someone 'gay' does not make you any man-lier :) know your limits, alright?
I need a man to cook for because Kayla appetite not big enough for me
I need to get myself together. I got work inna few man.
Lmao this man is still going on about Jhenes baby daddy
"Stop expecting too much cos only a real man will treat you right"
fml. forgot my passward for the new account i jus created two days ago .... wtf man
[CNA] Man sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training for various offences twitterurl
Man sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training for various offences twitterurl
My bby twitterusername so man today ???.??? Wanted to take a picture of her HAHAHA
Turned on the TV, Vettel is driving like a man possessed
Is it gay for a man to get his anus fingered while getting head?
Wtf is with this old man blasting songs from the demo phone in my phone dafuq
Hahaha googled the man I'm gonna have my meeting with, just to check him out. Hahaha.
Lunch with awesome twitterusername today gave me hope :) thanks for sharing your testimony man!
[TNP] Man held in mall stabbing tells police: Come arrest me twitterurl
Bob from #Wakebrothers is absolutely one of the craziest man ever. #Ithinkitsbecausehesrichtoo
There's so much things that women does not know about man. twitterurl
i rly dont know what to do I've been thinking about it for months man
[ST] Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF: Mindef twitterurl
Singapore not safe liao RT twitterusername Another slashing case at Woodlands. Wtf man? twitterurl
Two weeks in cold temperatures, fine. Barely a day back, gastric flu. Not cool man.
Heavy traffic at Little India -- so man steps in to direct traffic twitterurl twitterurl
Wtf man tuition place is closed and they didn't inform me WALAO made a wasted trip
People are studying and I'm not._. What can you study for d&t man!T.T
scrolling through my previous instagram photos and man do I look horrible
can't stop stalking her. she's like one fucking living doll man. *stabs myself 987654321 times* sigh
Just watched R.O.D... twitterusername should totally debut as a singer man. Dayum, that voice.
(asiaone) Another slashing case? Photo of bloodied man circulating on Twitter twitterurl
of another slashing case at woodlands? photo of bloodied man goes viral: Warning: Graphic Content\
having a stick after you eat... woa this is life man
This man just started shouting in middle of town and it so HAHAHAHAHHA
Hahahahaha Man Utd sitting on 12th position yet I could still disturb Liverpool fans.
What is your favourite TV show? ??? there's many of them including running man twitterurl
It's as if my brain is running low on RAM, thinking damn slowly man...
Caught myself reading the advert for waxing......... WHY. Hahahaha shit man these adverts are srsly distracting.
lol all three clearance is like.... all the best man u
I didn't notice that i haven't had my sleep. No. This is wrong man :(
So Man United is back in the Top 10 table. Okay, keep progressing guise.
I think I found some crazy people to hang out man.
Watching running man on Wednesday instead since i have no paper on that day
Old man look to the left there is nothing here for you ??
;_; kill me man. ;_; I want to see twitterusername instead of yawning my life away at work
I agree with others when they say I need a man.......
Next week I wan find time go jurong point take a sneak peek of running man (;
Young Man Shocks His Parents in the Audience with a Surprise X Factor Audition: twitterurl
Be a hippy for a while before returning to the city as a new man.
Justin Bieber accused of attacking a man in South Korea twitterurl twitterurl
Wah shit man my mum called me and I don't dare to pick up :-(
Horn simi horn , green man still horn , horn your head la -'- .
happy prydeday my man, hope you're having a good one twitterusername
Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video  twitterurl
"twitterusername It takes a real man to realize one woman is enough." Vice versa
Man allegedly made bombs to blow up Rolling Stones guitarist's home twitterurl twitterurl
Man watches TV with his pet --- a 22kg monitor lizard twitterurl twitterurl
Man puts himself in harm's way -- by standing on tailgate of packed lorry twitterurl twitterurl
What is your attitude to human cloning? ??? Whoa no way man twitterurl
OMG jung un call twitterusername  hyung.... How old is he man
(today) Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video twitterurl
Jail, caning for 6 men who beat unemployed man to death twitterurl
Gonna download Running Man and Appa ordiga after school and asap!
shall nap now... later baru can watch running man ah .. bye
Tried making the microwave cakes.Damn broke a sweat man.... #lol #BettyCrocker twitterurl
"twitterusername Happy Birthdayyyyy .... alvinkok_2 have a awesome one and have fun. Xx" Haha thanks man! :)
i feel bad for the guests that go on running man LOL
Tell me how to not love this man G Dragon ~ Best Of  ???: twitterurl via twitterusername
Man jailed 9 weeks for plan to steal cough syrup twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
It's UP! RACE START! in Malaysia. Running Man Fan Meeting Asia Tour 2013 Promo video! \
I need an oxygen tank or something man this shit is making it hard to breathe
All I want is money fuck tha fame Ima simple man ..
Idk man the morning sound, the fume of the hawker food lingers around my nose, nice
Man pours manure in wife???s hot tub after she filed for divorce - twitterurl
These are masterpieces man.. Just have to try one :) @ St. Marc Caf?? twitterurl
Beijing man builds rock villa on top of apartment tower twitterurl
Omg suddenly remembered abt g-force love that show man. Guinea pigs are too adorable
ppl need to stop talking about hide & clap man its freakin' me out.
[???] 130820 ?????????????~?????????????????? HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU #HappyHaHaDay [5] Running Man HAHA collage^^ twitterurl
I give up my seat to an elderly man when the train arrived Tiong Bahru :)
That Man Will Be So Spoiled SHEESH He Dont Know What's Coming To Him
Man Hides Loaded Gun in Buttocks, Then Helps Police Find It - twitterurl
Man who tucked cellphone into shoe to take "upskirt" videos charged with 264 offences twitterurl
Malaysian woman finds love by marrying paralyzed man from China twitterurl twitterurl
Man who tucked cellphone into shoe to take "upskirt" videos charged with 264 offences twitterurl twitterurl
Finally tomorrow got more admin time to rest ??????. Shag week man !!
Dad asking me which motorbike I prefer. I still have 2 more years man...
Fuck man why is my sis laughing in her sleep. Freaking me out
"Mr Lee Kuan Yew not just a man of ideas but of action": Heng twitterurl #Singapore
Man jailed 15 months for abetting another to pay teen for sex twitterurl #Singapore
/??(??????)??/ RT twitterusername Running Man Episode 163 English subs twitterurl | Guests: BIGBANG's Seungri, Daesung and G-Dragon
"twitterusername twitterusername shafizah one syam! HAHHAHAA" twitterusername HAHAHAHAHAAH AWWW CHEYY omgggg, noway man!!
What's with that alarm man? Paiseh, I'm still blur HAHAHA wtf
Best thing a man would do for his lady is to prove his love for her."
Things you should say when you're fighting online: I'm very muscular man. Be afraid.
Chinese Man Turns Green After Eating Too Many River Snails twitterurl via twitterusername
Not feeling sleepy at 7 am. Yeap, my body clock is pretty much screwed man.
I heard a rumor saying that EXO are coming to Running Man. R u serious?
MSNBC: Powerful typhoon Man-yi strikes Japan, forcing thousands to flee twitterurl #photojournalism
South Korean soldiers fatally shoot man they believed was trying to cross into North Korea twitterurl
Got china guy half naked on the damn bus. Wtf man......
^^??? ????????????! RT twitterusername 130916 Finally! HAHA spotted on today's Running Man Filming (cr. DC SJH) twitterurl
Send someone to love me, I need to rest in arms #nowplaying Better man
Man Fails In His Attempt To Float Across The Atlantic With #Balloons twitterurl twitterusername #Tech
Mustang and bicycle lost the man who depended on trains and feet. Surprisingly. (twitterusername twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername still better than your teeth hahaha" fuck ouch man hahahahaga
Reminds me of Module 1 last year, learned about Piping System. Man, memories sey.
Man jailed two weeks for punching cabby, also fined $1,000 for mischief twitterurl
Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl twitterurl
Oh man I must stop being so into tech stuff! :-( tempted to the max
(today) Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl twitterurl
Wish i was at home playing gta 5 man fuck ns!!
Elderly man and security in 'kung fu' fight at bus interchange twitterurl #Singapore
man i miss my sims 3. sims 3 pets is just no fun at all
WTF man. scared the hell outta me! noticeboard drop and goes BANG hahahah wtf?
Its as if we're living in poverty cannot afford rice eat quinoa sia wtf man.
[running man big ass spoiler] omg this day finally has finally come!!!!! :D twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Let's go ah just like old times hais rindu???yeah man!
Sleeping man had no idea wife fell out of window while hanging laundry twitterurl twitterurl
Eh walao. Man U this season melampau or what?! Eh helloooo! West Brown lah dei!!!!
like always, Ramsey! RT twitterusername Man of the match menurut kalian malam ini sapa guns??
??twitterusername twitterusername what so interesting about man thought ???? THEY NEVER THINK
Oh man.. please tell me i???m not the only one on this trip T_T
#nowplaying twitterusername - The Man Who Can't Be Moved #Be107InARow w/ twitterusername
Man arrested for Woodlands brawl that left three people injured twitterurl
6 man tag team match.. The Glorious (bryan,cody,goldust) vs The Shield #RAW
Spoke to physio Ansari. A humble man. He's working with elderly with neurological problem at Ntuceldercare. :)
We have the same boob size <3 but i am a man............. ??? HAHAHAHA nice. twitterurl
i'd rather have paper 2 and geog on a separate day man
Beau brooks twitter account got hacked. That person got no freaking life man. WTF.
Not getting into a relationship any soon? ??? Well, if the right man comes. twitterurl
[CNA] Man sent for psychiatric evaluation after allegedly grabbing student's buttocks twitterurl
Man sent for psychiatric evaluation after allegedly grabbing student's buttocks twitterurl
ok proj work done! time to sleep! oh man falling sick again argh ): no gooddddd
[TNP] Dead man found in car, foot still on pedal twitterurl
If no one is gonna reply me I'm going back to sleep man
[ST] Man jailed for offering money to nephew to take rap for driving offence twitterurl
Wtf is wrong with you man pissin me off everday single time? Wtf do you gain?
Man... i was moving on la hais, don't worry.. Can can can.
Have smartphone but living as a stupid man.. tweeting, wrestling, tweeting, wrestling all over day.. #muslimscanwrestling
Man in spitting incident video charged, remanded for psychiatric evaluation twitterurl
[CNA] Man in spitting incident video charged, remanded for psychiatric evaluation twitterurl
AYE crash: Man texted loved ones while being trapped in mangled taxi\
Mystery man gives Fan Bingbing diamond ring at airport twitterurl twitterurl
I'm not gg to shave my ball hairs because real man don't shave
You should do every things done when you was my man~ #TheVoiceTH #?????????????????
Man I would kill for my og to be in my kitchen cooking right now
Fans faint, shoppers trapped as thousands throng Jurong Point for Running Man event\
A piece if the Hong Kong sky. @ Man Mo Temple ??????? twitterurl
Vodka & oj, my choice to play the fucking drinking game bad choice man. twitterurl
Geez, I can becoming more and more flexible. That's crazy man. Crazy. \
Man United might be signing G. Bale and Chelsea still aiming for W. Rooney .
i'm sick of this. i'm really tired. i'm just keeping quiet man
'And I wish I were blind when I see you with your man.'
ZE:A Kwanghee twitterusername with Junyoung twitterusername  twitterurl twitterurl damn that man look so good twitterusername
I just can't wait for running man. Bet Baekhyun will be hyperest(?) one and noisy. Hahaha
[ST] 24-year-old man arrested for trying to procure sex from 13-year-old twitterurl
??twitterusername happy advance bday my love! twitterusername twitterurl unglam but it's ok man
haha not skyping with them because all will be like "man youre dumb"
man. I be wishing and hoping these lil kids dnt come to the door and shit.
man where my son and Nichole got dn pizza just up the street
Terrified Han Xue falls on backdrop after half naked man pounces on her\
Do you actually think i give a fuck? no way man thanks for ruining my morning
lying yourself to a liar. man you're getting burn in your own ass yo.
Alltop RSS > A man looking at the Seine river from Orsay Museum in Paris twitterurl #photography
Confused QT twitterusername Describe Kenya as a 50 year old man/woman.
"twitterusername twitterusername huat ah ! Hahaha just buy ?" Idk man maybe next month
#IfWeDate make sure you bukan a fan of man utd. If yes, sorry cannot date you.
Oh.. nothing much. Resting after whole day train:) RT twitterusername twitterusername nothing's up man haha wassup?
Time to watch running man for entertainment. Have yet to watch the latest two episodes
I can never watch a running man episode with Suzy in peace. Lol.
Confessions Of A 24-Year-Old Married Man | Thought Catalog twitterurl via twitterusername
Tom Hiddleston, the real most interesting man in the world. twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
Talking about 1 man team, Ibrahimovic scores all 2 goal and Ronaldo score all 4 ! twitterurl
"twitterusername Here he is, your Sexiest Man Alive ??? ADAM LEVINE! twitterurl #SexiestManAlive" No one could denyyy ???.
Fucking stress man, with those hackers around competing to buy fam channel. ???
A tone deaf man can dream too (bill guitar belum bayar beb) twitterurl
A tone deaf man can dream too (Bill guitar belim bayar beb) twitterurl
Lee Kwang Soo snubs Suzy's attempts at using beauty to win Running Man game twitterurl twitterurl
CBS > "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" ending Broadway run twitterurl #news
Man jailed for stealing Viagra pills and housebreaking-related offences twitterurl
just finished watching pokemon origins. damn man... that mega charizad x at the end was insane
If only being a man whore is a real job. I would do it
Good fuckoff with your dad had enough man fuck off literally
Justin Bieber's bodyguard accused of throwing man down flight of steps twitterurl twitterurl
A wise man once said you can't have your steak and eat it. \
"Rain Man , make it rain on me. I need the dollar sign. Give me the damnation."
I can see that man utd players seems a lil bit pressure. Hah
Man hides under Beijing Metro seats to touch women's legs twitterurl twitterurl
Such a nice friend I have man, after doing so much for his birthday :') twitterurl
Alltop RSS > Somewhat Anatomically Correct Man on a String Folk Art Carving Articulated Limberjack twitterurl #photography
I need a day off man. Just a day for myself.
??twitterusername No comment> Man jumps to his death after girlfriend insists they continue shopping twitterurl wow
Aftermath of Little India Riot aka Bhai, you have my respect man: twitterurl
No one knows how it is to be the sad man behind blue eyes.
#LittleIndiaRiot: Man seen asking rioters to stop violent behaviour twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
the riot at little india look so bloody scary man omg
#SG NEWS: Man charged with hacking Ang Mo Kio Town Council website twitterurl
Why is it going to be rain now:/ I wanted to see sunset man!:x
Playing with the phone's air gesture. Step iron man jap ah.
[CNA] Man who claimed trial in online vice ring case given 4 months' jail twitterurl
[ST] Man no longer faces the gallows after killing taxi driver twitterurl
"twitterusername Japanese man runs on arms and legs to new record | The Japan Times twitterurl
Florida man accused of pretending to be a cop in order to get discounted donuts twitterurl
Oh man, next year hair raya puasa is in July! :O
Wtf I dreamt that I joined Running Man and Kai was there........... Asdfghjledfhklkmbcswrh
Got home an hour ago. Damn what a long day I had man
Running Man episode 171 has not been uploaded! I want watch EXO! #RunningMan #EXO
not into kpop anm but i love this mv man twitterurl
It has been a long time since I watched running man, refreshing ~~
Favourite things to do? ??? Sleep, Sing (suck balls man) & Sleep. twitterurl
Pretty Man 1st episode is not convincing me to continue watching...
I missed the "...", "flower beggar", "4 man" and "Goosebumps" on Gag Concert sia...
I want someone who can make me a better man because of Allah S.W.T.
The hot dog was all right only oh man the rain destroyed everything :(
Man pranks GF by telling her he cheated on her -- but watch what happens\
"Homeless Man Joins Carlos Whittaker for a Very Moving Performance" - twitterurl - Beautiful to tears..
Man jailed for having sex with 2 underage girls; both girls ended up pregnant twitterurl
??twitterusername Man jailed for having sex with 2 underage girls; both girls ended up pregnant twitterurl \
fuck man the hunger game tweets got to go please dont spoil ah cb
Aaron Kwok?? Wah busy man?? Yest MAMA today Golden Horse Award
10 Ways To Know You're Dating A Real Man | twitterurl via twitterusername
I love how much attn the camera man is giving 'em
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014: twitterurl via twitterusername
This cab driver gave me a free ride . Cool uncle man
OKAY BYE time for some research then after that nak tengok running man
Is Singapore???s Lee Kuan Yew the world???s richest man? twitterurl
Hasnt been playing sports for about 2 weeks man . X x
The last time I got drunk was fcking long ago man
Well done man...now what time alr , the train only travel till commonwealth.
The amazing Spider-Man was directed by mark Webb how convinient
Dewi is the best actually. She got skinnier I got fatter but all good man.
The big 4 is BACK! I mean the big 3 (Arsenal, Chelsea & Liverpool) without Man United
Cant wait for nx week's rumning man.. got gong yoo oppa! Hahaha
At least still have Alex and Sierra if not I'm not gna continue watching man..
Manager and i were like looking at sexiest man alive over the net.
#Malaysia floods: Segamat man chooses to stay put at home despite evacuation twitterurl twitterurl
W cousins after practice????????? (abg fahmi ladies man ah HAHAHA) twitterurl
Body of blind man found in burned down flat at Marine Crescent twitterurl
??? RT twitterusername Supporting Chiefs and Man United must really suck right now
Police arrest man suspected of stabbing girlfriend with scissors twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Wah cmi liao. Wanna KO liao. Jialat man. Drink too fast and too much. Grr.
CBS > Police: Tenn. man had loaded rifle in bag at JFK twitterurl #news
Man jailed for offering money to nephew to take rap for driving offense twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for pocketing $243,650 and giving false address to loanshark twitterurl
See I told you, an aunt gave a ??so hardworking this young man. Eligible bachelor???\
Nothing to do cause i've watched all episodes of running man already
[TOC] Rude man spitting at commuters at Woodlands Bus Interchange twitterurl
'Running Man' releases preview with Big Bang's T.O.P, Kim Yoo Jung and Yoon Jae Moon! twitterurl
ITE REPRESENT "twitterusername Tried using my keys to tap in to mrt again... Wtf man..."
Man and his usual place after work. Photo by Shah Rezal ??? twitterusername #YourShot twitterurl
Oh man the laksa I had was magnificent! Holy moly good!
??twitterusername IPPT Man transforms into Singapore's very own World Diving Champion twitterurl OMFG HAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAAHAHAHA
I really need money man. Need so much stuffs during the upcomung holidaysss
When is my dad gg to sleep man I want go out sia
Those would be the first words of confession I would die to hear from a man.
Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee twitterurl
[CNA] Man in Taiwan accused of sending projectiles to PM Lee twitterurl
Man in Taiwan accused of attempting to send projectiles, bullet casings to Singapore PM twitterusername twitterurl
(today) Man gets 6 years??? corrective training for various offences twitterurl
[Y!] This video of elderly man in MRT train will make you gag twitterurl
I already hate to do project and there you pressuring me. What the fuck man.
Method Man, Nas, Pharrell. I'll take any or all of y'all.
My man behind all the setting up :) #vans #limitededition #collab #event #ootd #instadaily #instamusic?? twitterurl
"twitterusername Been watching these old Tupac interviews, the man had so much personality and intelligence #beautiful"
The bigger man does not have to speak with the bigger voice to be heard.
If You Let A Man Make Or Break You. You Automatically Weak In My Eyes.
Flying high: US man marks 100th birthday by going skydiving twitterurl twitterurl
I'm single as hell. I'll be damned if I'm shedding any tears because of a man
Middle man. Meet Syahman, a guy from Motiofixo. Digital artist. Looking forward for our future?? twitterurl
Body getting weaker after consuming so many junk food. Argh. No more junk food man!
Got shortlisted for interview (: I hope i could pass it man
[CNA] Man gets 6 years' corrective training for various offences twitterurl
[ST] Body of Vietnamese man recovered from waters off East Coast Park beach twitterurl
VIDEO: Cousin, of deceased Vietnamese man recovered from waters off East Coast, speaks to reporters twitterurl
Get your fucking priorities straighten up, call yourself a man & a son.
I wanna watch Delivery Man and Ender's Game and Catching Fire again.
season 4 already oh man what will happen when everything ends siannn
2000 more followers. I just hope she does the follow spree when I'm awake man :(
Taiwan man dies after playing video games for 23 hours twitterurl
I get it I get it, man fuck all that talking take shots to the kidney
I am sure the fung shui at Suntec is great but man this building SUCKS
Cousin of missing Vietnamese man says she is fairly certain he killed himself twitterurl twitterurl
The man behind you. RT twitterusername Me? ??twitterusername I wana fuck you???
7 Ways To Expand the Spider-Man Cinematic Universe - twitterurl - from twitterusername
SPH attempts to paint Nicole Seah seeing a ???married man??? twitterurl
What kind of dream is this man. i keep getting weird dreams
Look who has joined this wedding entourage: It's Iron Man! twitterurl
[CNA] Man goes missing in waters off Changi country club twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername hey man, are you down with late night hangout tonight?" why not bro!
Well Cardiff is pulling up a possible upset!!!  hahaha man u
Man this year was nothing but test, lessons,  and seeing what's real!
Man Decorates House With 502,165 Holiday Lights, Shatters World Record twitterurl #photojournalism
This Is the Man Bill Gates Thinks You Absolutely Should Be Reading twitterurl
Heheheh finally watched running man ep 130 ?????? longgggg way to catch up
Police, SCDF search for man feared to have drowned near East Coast Park twitterurl
Oh my fuck ewww, super bhb man. Where's your pride, bitch?
omfg sangbong to the indian man "slow, slow, i'm very old" HAHAHHAH
(today) Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague???s breast twitterurl
Shit man i may be in Malaysia on N level results day
Waddafak Thor was awesomee better than iron man 3 im sure
Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague???s breast | TODAYonline twitterurl
[NEWS] Running Man HaHa and Reggae Skull First Malaysia Showcase twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl [720p] EXO Running Man 131103
I don't even know man what is going on eveything is still on fire
Cause I can't stand here to see another man , Making you smile your smile (:
The sensitive crybaby ass girls man lol...she really started crying tho.
gonna watch one more running man episode before i go to sleep
crazy old man, run and then stand infront of me. you think you handsome meh?!
Tallest man in the world whom girls usually fear gets married twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Not all girls can see a man effort. twitterurl this
(today) Man gets 5 years??? corrective training for stabbing fellow ex-inmate twitterurl
Possible flash flood according to #Pub,  get your #sampan ready man! #singapore
I have yet to watch the latest episode of running man
This man had one chance at the spot light and went balls to the wall twitterurl
am i the only one who dont know and watch running man....
Man city not showing sportsmen ship , playing so dirty . Well done Sunderland . Great work. Awesome defense .
And Man U take the lead. RVP heads the ball in off a Rooney corner.
??twitterusername Goal for Man United. Van Persie??? <---- tkde reaction punya tweet
Check out the dude in the background getting a man-beard petting. twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
Just look at Rooney. If only everyone in man u have that fighting spirt
Gonna go broke after this cab ride in perth haha but fuck it man
Honesty doesn't pay off for ex-homeless man in #US twitterurl
80-year-old Russian man thrown off cliff after trying to fight with bear\
You know, you shouldn't wear a tight black t-shirt if you have man-boobs.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl 131110 ??????? Running Man EXO Yixing Cut
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl 131110 ??????? Running Man EXO Cut 540p
ADUH SAKIT PERUT "Nhokshockqn: [1080p HD] EXO Full Cut Running Man (15mins ) twitterurl
Jobless man jailed for life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer twitterurl
[ST] Jobless man jailed for life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer twitterurl
Who's your favourite Running Man member? Confirm Jihyo right?! :P ??? Of courseeee! hahaha and gary twitterurl
Walao Lee Min Ho the cry super duper sad man. Argh </3
DJ kept pulling his pants up,man get a belt then
Bet you're enjoying yourself in KL watching AVICII and Martin Garrix now man ! Dope it ! twitterusername
RIP Paul Walker. Dies at 40 Car crush yesterday evening. #awesome #man #memory twitterurl
Ah, cannot watch Man U's match again :( Just hope that they beat Tottenham tonight....
damn fucking tired of feeling like this man.................. give me a break ffs.............
Haiya, cannot watch Man U's match for the 2nd week in a row...
shit man she's hot for a 14 yo HAHAHAHAH like pedo sia
[CNA] Man in bus interchange spitting incident may face more charges twitterurl
Finally i saw twitterusername and i immediately laughed. He looked depressed. Hang in there man. Hahaha.
I forgot Son Nam Shin Dongwoon as handsome ohhh man I forgot myungsoo as cute
??twitterusername I wonder who arsenal fans are supporting in the spurs vs man u match???
Man Utd. you know what's the meaning of diagonal runs or not ah?
??twitterusername Why does Man United have to bring a player off when Young comes on????\
Idk man i've been listening and watching 1D sing since 8.30
Oh god, I don't know what am I doing man. This is just plain crazy. :-|
Youths seeking $10 donations hit man in face for taking photos of them twitterurl  twitterurl
Although im going for man overboard concert on 17 dec hahaha
Still tripping off this Kanye concert last night that man put on a show
??twitterusername Man Utd fan reaction to Manchester United 5-0 Bayer Leverkusen  twitterurl OMG HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAJAHHAHAHA
Viral image of snake swallowing Indian man who fell asleep is hoax twitterurl twitterurl
I shld bring my charger head up man. If not i can charge until shiok.
my brother song {} ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Don't say like that amee :') "twitterusername No man can accept my annoying attitude :')"
Man jailed for kicking and damaging taxi's side view mirror twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for kicking and damaging taxi's side view mirror twitterurl
Wanted to go jogging to clear my mind but the rain came why man why.
nononono now not the time to get sick. tmr is geog paper man :(
Cant get into GTA Online. Rockstar get your shit together man!
"twitterusername Chinese man growing a nose on his forehead twitterurl HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
nt gona memorise for science. jus quick recap or smth fk man. physic nw. bio tmr!
it was fun while it lasted with you, old man. twitterurl
Shot to the fart n your to flame kos u give love a bart man.
Everyone must standardize to such an anal degree! What the hell man.
Why? Blame it on SAF? RT twitterusername Man Utd lack quality: Manager Moyes twitterurl
I cant stop crying from laughing at munahhirzi's slender man reaction vid
It is sad to see Man Utd like this , but I'm not budging .
Been listening to When I Was Your Man by Madilyn Bailey for this few months now.
(asiaone) Mystery man helps put out car fire at Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
aw man me and shima was planning to go but we thought we needed passes alahais.
Nah sometimes I just prefer myself to be a single man.
Been Hearing A lot About twitterusername Man. Ya'll Makin Noize #KeepItUp #WIN #WORK #DCMG
Coroner rules cause of death of man found in trolley bag cannot be determined twitterurl
[CNA] Coroner rules cause of death of man found in trolley bag cannot be determined twitterurl
Son who be following these man faced women! Shorty had 3k followers....
Oh, hello! XD It's freezing cold, I swear man! XD Brrr >.<
Man crushed to death against concrete barrier while unloading shipping container\
Honestly if you can take my man, our relationship wasn't shit anyways
Can't wait for tomorrow's Running Man fan meet with ze BFF twitterusername :D
(today) Man jailed for having sex with family friend???s underage daughter twitterurl
The Running Man cast is in the house now! #RunningManInSG twitterurl
May man crying coz of putus cinta. What cinta can do? shitson
OMG 7 in the morning . Got people waiting for running man LIAO
So noisy,think so far 4 wht?u stupid old man
Not sure to get that mass gainer or not... i need opinions man..
131019 running man Fansign in Singapore - Monday couple fancam preview????????? ?????? twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Tbh macam regret ah i should have asked nabby to ditch work to see running man
Did Justin Bieber take 'cheap shot' at man in South Korean club? twitterurl twitterurl
Wah fk this shoe so chio man red with purple fk im jizzing argh
Argh if only the running man fan meet is at tampines mall???? hais
No chance no chance lor. In the end everyone leaves man.
There is a Running Man in town ah? How many kilometres he running?
[HQ PHOTOS] 181013 Running Man "Race Start" in Singapore Press Conference twitterurl #RunningMan #RunningManInSG #RMinSG
Me watching people make man made slingshot haha #throwback #afysurvivalxtreme #alfalahyouth twitterurl
Sitting in my bed , just looking me & devin picture like man . Wtf
Man loses weight to donate kidney to wife twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Hahaha now i declare that i have no girlbestfriend hahaha bij that man
My schedule.. not sure if I still wanna continue working, man.
Why does everything I say and do is wrong? Very tough luck man!
Man..."twitterusername Rihanna disrespecting the mosque tho smh . She so ghetto.???
S'pore fans throng Jurong Point for a glimpse of Running Man stars\
Choose your decision pussy!!!!shame on ya,x-smear on ya fuckin face man!!!!
If only my phone got 3g, I would watch running man.
The old man beside me is texting his lover. "No my love"
is there a video that somewhat shows what happen at this year's running man fan meet?
not that i don't watch running man what HUH WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN
glad running man members had fun in sg hheheh come again soon guys, i'll be waiting???
So hard to resist reading the book hais why man why
yesss??twitterusername It amuses you twitterusername I like tweeting nasty pics man???
Forget Ozil, Cazorla and Wilshere, Flamini's the man making Arsenal tick this season
Hope It's worth staying up watching Man U match later on... A win game pls
Doubt anyone would fancy facing Man City the way they're playing
Wah just realised my uncle is very handsome for a 41yr old man ok!!!
Some crazy man keep shouting at my hse downstairs nb just stfu?
adult man next to me on the train playing pokemon #respect
Homeless man learnt coding and now released an app for itunes and android twitterurl
Japanese man steals $185k in burglary spree to feed 120 cats twitterurl
This Man Was Pulled Over For Talking On An iPhone-Shaped Cookie
imagine Hamster Gyu running on Running Man - 131216 Sunggyu RM filming  (cr.wooloveyou) twitterurl
[ST] Eyewitness Reports: Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl
Straits Times reports sighting of man armed with two swords on the MRT. twitterurl
I wish there's a bus to woodlands from Tiong Bahru man
Man hikes the Great Wall of China without any climbing experience twitterurl twitterurl
Taekwondo fail: Man injures kid in crowd, but can't break wooden boar twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername Steven Gerrard saying he is enjoying Man United's Season - twitterurl for Liverpool
How's ur day man? ??? I did nothing until night time~ twitterurl
I am a happy man. Hahaha fuck la ns life sure is tough..
Singapore man fined for keeping 32 wild, endangered animals twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl
Your my downfall your my muse.... What's the title again? Fak man
Man who molest and rob teenage girls blames his wife for being too "controlling" twitterurl
Indonesian man convicted of libel on Twitter, protest surges over draconian internet law twitterurl from twitterusername
#29thYunhoDay Thank you for being such an awesome man and leader.
Another big game at 4am - Man City v Chelsea. Oh why why why?! -.-
Like what are you staring at man? Did i just murder your family?
my nose is killing me i should go buy that breathe right shit man
CBS > Sculpture of man in underwear turning some heads on Wellesley College campus twitterurl #news
Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl
Young man, Oreo Cheesecake is waiting for you, and i also.
why can't I pay jacob to take me to school and take me home. man.
Man gets 8 years' jail for starting fire at home which killed his father twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for allegedly robbing old woman of gold chain at knifepoint in Marsiling twitterurl
Spider-man becomes first superhero ambassador for Earth Hour. Strange... why not Captain Planet? :P
(today) Wildlife group urges stronger sentence against man who illegally kept wildlife twitterurl
.twitterusername urges stronger sentence against man who illegally kept wildlife twitterurl twitterurl
"Hi I'm Johnny Knoxville and youre watching jackass" - a man who can be idolise-
Man walks off with Bishan resident's bra, then puts it back on laundry pole twitterurl twitterurl
Ha! Tell me about it. Man, you are missed! "twitterusername The hypocrisy of everything Kenyan. Morning."
Draw or lost. We want Sir Alex Ferguson as a Man Utd manager #MoyesOut #ggmu
Happy Birtthday to George Gray a.k.a. Akeen a.k.a. One Man Gang (54)\
A man who never made a mistake will never made into anything.
Headless body case: Man arrested, police seeking husband of dead woman twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for sending poisoned letters to anime creator twitterurl twitterurl
Woman stabbed in Jurong West; man arrested in connection with the case twitterurl
Why is it so hard fr someone to reply a goddamn text man OMG
!!! RT twitterusername RT twitterusername Man, Trebek rapping is damn hilarious twitterurl via twitterusername
10 Differences Between Dating A Boy Vs Dating A Man: twitterurl
Outrage at man who dangled dog outside window so it could do its business\
watching running man the past few days and i cannot stop
[CNA] Alleged "Messiah" hacker rejects prosecution's drug charge offer: The man who allegedly goes ... twitterurl #singapore
Truly inspiring to watch the class of 92. Forever UNITED, MAN UNITED
(yahoo) Man, 22, under police probe for posting racist remarks under pseudonym ???Heather Chua??? twitterurl
Man probed for making racially insensitive remarks under "Heather Chua" account twitterurl via twitterusername
twitterurl "You're always going off on some fucking quest, aren't you Fantasy Man?"
ehp notty eh man city and liverpool win then Arsenal no. 3 already hahaha.  #coyg
Man apparently run over by horses at Turf Club race twitterurl
It has been so long being like this omg I miss staying at home man sigh
Omg you wont believe this. Im addicted to korean movies dan running man! Hahahahahahaha maynnnnnnn!!!
Hard to download running man episode at school since the wifi slow
AGC: The death of the man which sparked the Little India Riot was "Unfortunate" twitterurl
Man jailed seven months for committing indecent act with 11-year-old girl twitterurl
"twitterusername Homophobia: The fear that another man will treat you like you treat women. twitterusername twitterurl
"The childhood shows the man, As morning shows the day." (John Milton)
What time will the latest episode of running man be out
The heckkk fell asleep on my sofa without bathing yet..... WHAT CHINGAY DOES TO PPL MAN
[TNP] First man to plead guilty for involvement in Little India riot twitterurl
CBS > Artist defends statue of underwear man at Wellesley College twitterurl #news
I got niggas in these streets fuck round n do yo man
2014 Resolution: Find rubybosschua a man (and I found three) #testloudtestproud twitterurl
I think im da man of the year and idgaf who thinks otherwise.
i fucking give up man..... i dont even know whats happening anymore
"twitterusername RETWEET if you're laughing at Manchester United!" Heart pain watching man u!
Then when my goosebumps were gone man utd made an error. #lifesgood #inisemuanormal #drawjer
Pergi mati soalan ni tak relevan. RT twitterusername Who is your Man of the Match?
"twitterusername Hello wassup malaysia! Good morning! Vas happenin!" Morning Man U ! Hee.
Bouncers beat up man before kicking him out of Clarke Quay club twitterurl #Singapore
They're so hard to find. ??twitterusername twitterusername get the real man. Everything will be real ;)???
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? sehun's skin twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA, JAESUK & SUKJIN [7] (CR: owner) twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA, GARY, JAESUK & SUKJIN [8] (CR: owner) twitterurl
CBS > "Loud Music" murder trial: Dunn a "gentle man," friend says twitterurl #news
Gonna miss Man Utd vs Liverpool match while I'm at Indonesia in March. ):
Fuck this man. I'm gonna start despising every single shitz again.
saw a guy wearing Fairfield pe tshirt digging his toes in the market. WTF MAN #DISGRACE
[ST] Man gets two weeks for stealing emblems from cars twitterurl
I want one of these in my man cave when I'm older haha twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername looks like the old trend is coming back??? NO MAN NOT AIRMAX. zzzz
Voldemort looks blissful as fuck here man HAHA ??HtothePotter: RT if u cryd twitterurl
First time aku dengar teenager kata dk what to spend with 500 bucks.  500 man fuahhh
you gotta show some respect for someone who is attached man
& Then There Is Wyclef With His Fucking Haitian Scamming Ass I Cant Stand That Man
so fucking terrified man, don't really know how to put it to words
Africans don't believe in Santa... That's the medicine man coming down th chimney. #WitchCraft lmao
CBS > Blind man can keep hero dog after all twitterurl #news
Man jailed for threatening to post girl's semi-nude photos twitterurl
Guys going the SCDF event this saturday? twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername miss you guys man.
Man ordered to do 2yrs mandatory treatment after stealing bra from woman's bedroom twitterurl
So u dont wanna show ya face now do ya??? You antisocial old man twitterusername
[ST] Malaysian man arrested for making bomb threat call to ICA's operations room twitterurl
The Mail Man is Outcheaa ! Thats wat im talkin bout lol
Kd is annoying man! I like him except when he plays Miami
The only man, the only cat. And I love how he was extra manja today hehe.
Kyuhyun is now an old man. But I still love him All the same.
Now 7pts clear of Man Utd and 3pts behind Chelsea who've yet to play. #LFC
Aw man what the flying cow happened to sleeping at 12mn you stupid girl..... :(
wth man the number of people checking in at gb im the 100th person now
Man arrested for outrage of modesty case in Jurong West twitterurl #Singapore
Got one old man trying to be young #stepyoung #maintain #swag twitterurl
Very pissed with Man U's playing style in almost every game...
Elderly man found injured near MRT tracks between Tanah Merah and Expo stations twitterurl twitterurl
Laughing soooooo hard at running man my dad thinks I've gone mad.
Watching The Lion Man now! Saw so many familiar faces! hahaha!
Jesse Eisenberg Cast as Lex Luthor in 'Man of Steel' Sequel twitterurl twitterusername
[ST] Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl
This is a story of man, creating history in the lion's den
I don't know why I love Iron Man. Maybe it's because of the engineering of it
Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station not hit by train: SMRT twitterurl
Man U, Spurs and Everton all trailing by 1 goal now wow
Man lies sprawled at bus stop near Far East Shopping Centre twitterurl twitterurl
really need man like this..... RT ??twitterusername this guy wins... everything twitterurl
Everyone is munching on something around me WHAT IS THIS MAN I WANT FOOD
"twitterusername A man at an Airport farting gets caught on a thermal imaging camera. twitterurl
Thank god for teachers like the both of you :-) alhamdulillah man
"twitterusername twitterusername may our dreams someday come to a reality man. Amin :)"pray hard insyallah amin:)
I have a lot of exercises today. What a great day man
#2410 ayy bro! I really miss you man! Skate more! And see you around okay? :)
??twitterusername It's so hard to not have any passion or talent man.???
So it stars some war scene then a man in his room
They Gone Tell Me I Can't Play Cause It's A Man Game. Lmao!
Search for man who fell overboard from #Singapore-flagged passenger ferry twitterurl
[ST] Search for man who fell overboard from Singapore-flagged passenger ferry twitterurl
Better watch out ... I got eyes on your man ;) ??? Try me ! ?? twitterurl
Only 2 years jail for man who sexually abused 2 young stepdaughters twitterurl
HAHA: "Tonight I???m not Running Man HAHA. Tonight I???m the singer HAHA!" ~ YAMAN! ??? twitterurl
Man Poses As Woman On Online Dating Site; Barely Lasts Two Hours twitterurl via twitterusername
Man walks onto track at Admiralty Park -- in his g-string \
Yeah man, Cristiano Ronaldo won the Ballon d'Or. He totally deserved it...
A loong loong time ago.. ?? The Man Who Sold the World by Nirvana ??? twitterurl
"twitterusername With the way Man utd plays, I fear for Mr. Chans' physics students."\
"twitterusername twitterusername neh. We still got liverpool, man city and arsenal. Sorreh!"BASKET THIS AUFAL
Ang Mo Kio hawker arrested for slashing man with chopper twitterurl twitterurl
Man lingers at foot of Yishun block -- to tap on free Wi-Fi signal twitterurl twitterurl
Ang Mo Kio hawker arrested for slashing man with chopper twitterurl twitterurl thaipusam level 999"
the sch is changing to fast man. take it slow owyong....
New #richest man in #Asia is #Macau gambling tycoon: report twitterurl
need a break man i'm so god damn tired............ 5 more days god strengthen me!!!
After watching frozen, i need to feel what its like to be a man now
Pissed off to the max. GBB is the most complicated pathway system known to man.
"I don't wanna be alone, but I've gotten really good at it" - banana man
[ST] Disabled man jailed for 4 months for slashing neighbour with keris twitterurl
Man jailed for four months for slashing neighbour with keris in insecticide row twitterurl
Shocking reports suggest that Rainie Yang will dump BF to marry wealthy business man twitterurl twitterurl
I know God give you antoher man to take care of you.
[ST] Police searching for man to help with investigations into armed robbery twitterurl
Chelsea and Man Utd agree provisional ??40m deal for Juan Mata | TODAYonline twitterurl
Wah cb from first parade admin time. Boring sia. Let us book out man!
And congrats to Hazman on receiving AWFC's man of the match!!!
Fellow Liverpool lovers save the life of TV's Orange Man twitterurl
Learning To Smoke: Lessons from a man who did the unthinkable. \
#Listening Beenie Man Ft Mr. Vegas, Buju Banton & Ky-Mani Marley ??? Party In Session
Man faces amended charge of committing murder after alleged victim died twitterurl
Che Ta's voice and way of speaking really spoils it man. She pretty.... Until she speaks.
I'm not sure if they're his work since its BL but man the prints were amazing.
the green man was still walking for fucks sake why would she scream
Wah, Newcastle so suay siaaaa!!! Curses to the official for disallowing Tiote's goal & fuck Man City...
Gobble Up Pac-Man Free Of Charge Thanks To Apple???s App Of The Week Offer
Man admits killing ex-girlfriend by setting her on fire twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
How to React When a Man Falls Through Your Ceiling twitterurl #photojournalism
Nah just joking man. On the way to sch already can feel the depression coming along
who would've knew that man of steel is a friggin TearJearking movie?!
omg omg my previous retweet man, omg so fucking true please.
Does milk really make people taller if not I'll be drinking it every single day man
To those whose watching it, update me on man u's match pls. Hehe thanks
Which quality in a man do you dislike the most? ??? Hot tempered and ego twitterurl
Enraged man hurls restaurant chairs onto Bedok Road -- one even hits stationary bus twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for flinging chairs onto road in Bedok twitterurl #Singapore
#kasimalubudakBedok twitterusername RT twitterusername VIDEO: Man arrested for flinging chairs onto road.. twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for flinging chairs onto road in Bedok twitterurl via twitterusername
The itchiness got to go man fakkkkkkk u fak u itchiness
Now now, back to the man who now my whole hard pumping heart longs for.
just no man fuck you just forget it go with your guy friends that you've met
Right now at this moment i wish i had a car to travel around man. Sigh.
Juan Mata will be representing Man Utd by wearing the jersey no. 8
Lord where is 12:35 this class is gonna be the death of me man
[TNP] Man gets 20 years??? jail for setting ex-girlfriend alight twitterurl
tkde dkt live stream =( ada pun match man utd dgn city je.
Man who burned his ex-girlfriend to death is sentenced to 20 years in jail twitterurl
OR a man who is on top of me 69-ing me
Bruno Mars performing for super bowl half time. He deserves it man!!!
Man gets seven years and nine strokes for raping 8-year-old cousin twitterurl
Man jailed for grievous hurt after 12 years on the run twitterurl
Have to watch Man United match later! Wanna see Mata in actionnn! #mufcmata
So now... chelsea is losing against man city in FA cup match?
US man convicted of attempted murder in shooting of teen over "thug music" twitterurl
??twitterusername Kobe the man he was hurt all season and still got picked lol??? lmao
[CNA] Second man jailed over involvement in Little India riot twitterurl
??twitterusername I really cannot express my love for poa man???I hate it
Ah man Barcelona's playing is putting me to sleep... pass pass pass zzz attack already please
Gonna download running man just in case i wanna watch during the field trip
??~~~??? RT twitterusername 140225 Running Man in Melbourne Australia filming. Mong HA ???\
After so many years. I can finally make a diving save. Yeah man.
"I could see the bone," says GF of man slashed at Clementi coffeeshop twitterurl twitterurl
Wedding disaster: Giant diamond decoration collapses and kills 1 man twitterurl twitterurl
The Philosophy of ???Her???: Is a romantic relationship between a man and a machine possible? twitterurl
Man Fu Yuan (?????????) Restaurant fined only $20,000 after 400 guests gets food poisoning twitterurl
45-year-old man dies of cardiac arrest after collapsing during marathon twitterurl twitterurl
Done with the latest ep of running man. Can't wait for this week ep!
Man arrested for alleged cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino twitterurl
If i were a boy, i swear I'll be a better man ~
Man stands dangerously on railing near Woodlands waters -- just to pose for picture twitterurl twitterurl
Man jailed 30 months for molesting 13-year-old boy twitterurl
brendan u are the magician man fking team improved alot after half time
Mosquitoe bites all over my hand. Fuck you man fuck you!
When you feel indifferent when a old man falls down, something is terribly wrong.
Been daydreaming of Cas for the past few days man I've never been like this
Do anyone know when running man episode 190 will be out?
A walk back home and my earpiece on,such a cooling weather......great walk man.
biology notes with either rahman or waters gdi they better not lose it man
A pic of me and the clique on our way to steal your man twitterurl
man Big Shot - ur memory is lacking he told ya already about bungee jumping at Macau!!
[ST] Man, 23, jailed three weeks for hitting wife, causing fracture in her eye socket twitterurl
Lmao I hate when you guys bring politics on here man
how can a person watch running man in the train without laughing? i mean seriously.
all of us are trying man, every single one of us
Watching She's The Man. It's the shorter version of Hana Kimi.  It's a movie lol
hopefully man utd wins. however, i am not putting too much hope.
That man slapped the fuck out of that chick LMFAOO fuck
Man spends over $170k on plastic surgery -- but women find him unattractive\
Is your name iffah ? Cause i would be the happiest man iffah had you
When everyone left grp and youre the only one left, you own it man. Cheh.
Got accident near my block o.o apparently a car hit an old man riding a bike
Is this running man episode on TV nice? If it's not then I'm gonna sleep.
Like i don't know what to do man she's real old and she's not even mine
[Y!FB] What's so interesting about this man washing his Ferrari?\
Running Man episode 168 just shows how fated are Jihyo and Gary la?? MONDAY COUPLE FTWWWWW. ????????????
[ST] Man suspected of molesting 13-year-old girl arrested twitterurl
Shucks man. Andrew Garfield and Emma stone in Singapore on 29 march?
Man jailed for threatening to post nude photos of women online twitterurl
Man accused of kidnapping supermarket boss' mother deemed fit to make plea twitterurl
my man. (i could just stare at you all day long ah monyet) twitterurl
Look, it's the Amazing Spider-Man slinging into Singapore to lead Earth Hour 2014 twitterurl twitterurl
[CNA] Man accused in Sheng Siong kidnap case deemed fit to make plea twitterurl
[Y!] Monday #sgroundup: Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall twitterurl
I'm tired man, making promises with people and they don't even bother with what they said.
That was probably one of the nicest black man I've never come across.
CBS > 101-year-old Florida man running for Congress twitterurl #news
Man. Jinki really look like a girl ugh. Its disturbing but he so cute
menang man? "twitterusername 0-1 bray "twitterusername twitterusername berapa score bray?""
[ST] Man jailed seven months for molesting three women on Sentosa twitterurl
[Y!] Man in Woodlands spitting incident sentenced to 5 weeks jail twitterurl
Marina Bay Sands to Host Global Premiere of 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' twitterurl
Lmaooo??twitterusername Man this dyke got a deeper voice than me should I fight this nigga???
wtf is divergent everyone been talking about man I'm so lost in life
Why would someone watch Arrow season 2 without watching season 1? Thats just stupid, man!
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Kwang Soo's "Andwae" Compilation (Running Man)
One Million KG Challenge: Man loses 40kg after health scare twitterurl twitterurl
romecclown's video twitterurl WAIIITTT NOW HIS HAIR BLACK??? twitterusername twitterusername man jun jun is confusing me
[ST] Two taxi drivers robbed at knifepoint 'by the same man' near Eunos MRT twitterurl
Trying to make myself awake for man utd's match later on.
If this one man u lost idk what to say alr
China's richest man Wang Jianlin bids to buy historic Madrid skyscraper  for $457m twitterurl twitterurl
MP Indranee Rajah speaks up about man mocked by Miss Universe Singapore finalist twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Police looking for next-of-kin of deceased man twitterurl
Minister Indranee Rajah: I visited the man with a hole in his shirt twitterurl
MHA investigating allegations that Singaporean man may be involved in Syria conflict twitterurl twitterurl
Watching Ender's game and this is complete madness man so good
Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges twitterurl
Two taxi drivers robbed at knifepoint 'by the same man' near Eunos MRT twitterurl #Singapore
This random man just took a picture of me , it better not go on a website
Looks like Kompang was the weak link in the man city defense not Demichelis hahahahaha
This is madness man, 1 week and I still cannot implement one relationship. :(
That's it man. Twitter crawling is not that easy after all.
HAHAH goodluck man that someone 'right' is so compatible w you
Man behind famous Windows XP wallpaper wishes he'd negotiated a better licensing deal\
[ST] Man, 57, arrested for allegedly stealing lorry parked in Chinatown twitterurl
Woo mandopop master Eric sends his encouragements. Thanks man. RT twitterusername twitterusername Do your best bro!"
??twitterusername Fuck anyone who thinks that a man taking care of his child is considered "babysitting".???
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 launching April 17, gameplay trailer posted twitterurl [iDB]
i am using iron man pjs and i woke up with some.................
Miss lepaking at night sia. Sigh what is life here man. No life.
Wish i could pull off purple lips man. Its so purrrdyyy
I give up man. Kept staring at the question coz I don't know how to do.
??twitterusername That curve. What a strike twitterurl fuck that shit man!
[ST] Man charged with stabbing 62-year-old five times with scissors twitterurl
twitterurl this man just drive me crazy not letting me love anyone else but him
Wow worked with this boys town guy lesly and talked alot , miss sec sch man damn
"twitterusername man I be going through things I never expect ppl to understand"
Man suspected of sending live worms in mail as threats caught twitterurl
[PICS] 140224 Running Man Filming - HAHA & GARY in the same team??? [4] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
This Man Got Mugged At A Train Station. What He Did Next Was Genius twitterurl
kns cousin told me that running man was at the famous korean resturant below his apartment!!
Always being treated like a replacement what get used to it man
Should have taken photo shot when at bugis jn regret it man
Missing bent already. He must be having much fun there. Fuck you, man.
"twitterusername Don't be mad because Im comfortable with Allah being my judge and not a man"
Thank you hair salon man for an amazing head massage. 10 mins of awesomeness and counting
How long more should i wait man, this is killing meee
I'm suprise that Running Man is also famous in Australia. FIGHTING!
I wanna be Shaq O Neil. I'll dunk my balls in your "hoop" man
#CHACHING ! & another one uhhhh *biggies voice* LMBO ! Man this blessing is truly amazing. I've never?? twitterurl
??twitterusername So going to mock twitterusername tmr when Man U wins??? I'm in bro
Man U is obviously not motivated this season. Fucking. Not. Motivated
wow . Man Utd kalah rabak . yeah rabak . woah~ Well played Liverpool . well played.
(asiaone) 'I thought I was possessed': S'pore man on battling schizophrenia twitterurl
[ST] Police corporal who cheated man over $150 'fine' is jailed for cheating twitterurl
Honestly disappointed that the Hannibal finale is not ????? because NABEMONO man
MAN??twitterusername Some black people don't even need food stamps they just fucking got em!???
One hour plus journey in the morning no joke man.. D;
Lmfaoooo??twitterusername ??twitterusername Anybody nose her @ name? twitterurl nah man I have nose idea???
I'm sick of feeling like this man. You don't even know.
Second man arrested for trespassing on Selena Gomez's home in less than a week twitterurl twitterurl
Police looking for this man in connection with shop theft at Marine Parade mall twitterurl twitterurl
Do you see a fat man behind? #starbucks #dailydose #idontknowwhothatmanis #waitithinkwearejustfriends?? twitterurl
Jai waetford has beautiful voice man. I hope he doesnt corrupt like justin bieber lol.
Man sets skydiving world record with smallest parachute of all-time -- a bedsheet twitterurl twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets one day???s jail for obscene act in public twitterurl
Man caught on camera snatching gold chains worth $10,000 and fleeing twitterurl twitterurl
Seriously pissing me off man,how can you just fucking give up on her.
[ST] 42-year-old man arrested for committing obscene act in public twitterurl
(asiaone) Singapore man spends $52,000 to celebrate end of 6-year marriage twitterurl
Guys I'm really glad that there's still a chance I might graduate with a degree man
friday e-learning lolz wgt imma go shop till i drop man
[CNA] Man jailed 6 years for cheating Khoo Teck Puat???s daughter of S$2m twitterurl
KimWooBin and Rainbecome kangaroos for Running Man? twitterurl twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
(today) 63-year-old charged for chopper attack on younger man twitterurl
10 Differences Between Dating A Boy Vs Dating A Man | Thought Catalog twitterurl via twitterusername
the "crying girl" Babo DJ and the "sensitive man" i like twitterusername
Idk about you. But i cant stop reading abt this mia plane. Idk man. Terkesan gila :(
CBS > Florida man hangs KKK flag outside trailer home twitterurl #news
Wigan or Man City will face Arsenal in the semi final #FACup??
Jumpshot~ but the camera man don't know i was jumping haha #2xu #marathon twitterurl
40-year-old man arrested for obscene act on public bus twitterurl
Man gets 12 weeks' jail for insulting modesty of teen and peeping at her twitterurl #Singapore
Man filmed stopping SBS Transit bus along Serangoon Road arrested twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Nepalese man jailed for cheating in casinos by marking cards twitterurl
"Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause twitterurl twitterurl
??When a man learns to Love, he must bear the risk of Hatred.??? Madara Uchiha
Sixth man to plead guilty to his role in the #LittleIndiariot jailed 18 weeks twitterurl
[ST] Online vice case: 34th man jailed for having paid sex with underage social escort twitterurl
[ST] Man gets maximum fine of $1,500 for pushing cabby twitterurl
??twitterusername So much difference . RT "twitterusername singapore before & after ........ twitterurl puberty hit singapore hard man
Im gonna call that little man 'Pete' ??????. Thanks for being with me Pete. twitterurl
??twitterusername Man on the bus quite happily singing away to himself.??? #smrt #xfactor
Was trying to play Shank but man that game has no charm at all.
24 year old man admits to using 15 year old girl as his 'sex toy' twitterurl
Use you power at Earth Hour with the cast of The Amazing Spider-Man 2! twitterurl
Use your power at Earth Hour with the cast of The Amazing Spider-Man 2! twitterurl
Having to listen to this trashtalk everytime is really tiring man
???Crazy??? man runs 1,300km in 31 days to encourage bone marrow donations twitterurl twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse twitterurl
.Not prediction but wishing man utd 2~1bayern,munich"twitterusername What's your score prediction? #MUFCBAYERN"
See la , My work manager is happy cause man u is losing!! twitterurl
Dear lord if i get to heaven, please let me bring my man.
Nope but she's cheating on him, the poor man is having a breakdown twitterusername
#Malaysia: Karpal Singh, a man for true believers of justice by twitterusername twitterurl
Running Man will not aired this week, in respect of the Sewol ship incident.
Man arrested in India for smuggling 12 gold bars from Singapore by swallowing them twitterurl
Man miraculously survives getting caught under subway train in Manhattan twitterurl twitterurl
......... mdc have to stop tweeting about selfie selfie. no originality man. #youthinkisoscars ?
Rahim Sterling RTtwitterusername Who was your #LFC Man of the Match today?
Nah cuz I'm selfish af ??twitterusername Ladies.. Would you ever have a threesome with your man????
I shld get punished for impulsive buying. This isnt good man. Money gone down the drain.
This is disgusting ??twitterusername her voice is so damn gross to me man.  twitterurl
I want to be the man you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you
man the guitar is mind blowing i might see if i get a cd or not
AsiaClassifiedToday Man fined S$1.96m for evading duties on liquor - TODAYonline: AsiaOneMa... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
#BostonMarathon bombing anniversary: Man arrested over unattended backpacks near finish line twitterurl twitterurl
I Be Having Emails On Top Of Emails Man! #WORK #DCMG
to have my maths teacher showing me concern really touches me man omg
so all yall be feeling like the man when yall walk through ?
(today) M???sian man arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands checkpoint twitterurl
[TODAY] Maximum S$10,000 fine for man who failed to give dog timely treatment twitterurl
If I were a straight man, I'd still be very particular about gender equality.
[TODAY] Man jailed one week for Kaki Bukit dorm fight twitterurl
Do u watch any korean shows?? ??? Yes i do running man! twitterurl
Ohgod, what have I gotten myself into. But fuck it man
Sigh this 3 yr old playing with an iphone... get her a book man
van Gaal agrees to a 3 year contract to be the next man utd manager.
Need to work out man. Still not happy with the progress
[TODAY] Man drops bid for workplace bias against gays to be \
Running Man needs to bring back hide and seek/ Offense and Defence.
David Moyes statement after Man United firing - Yahoo Sports Singapore twitterurl
HAHAHA RT twitterusername When you see a girl looking at your man twitterurl
Man jailed 12mths for beating girlfriend who he thought was cheating on him twitterurl
"David Moyes has definitely not been sacked!," says Man United spokesman: AFP twitterurl twitterurl
Man fined $2,500 for not getting approval to be a major shareholder of moneylender  twitterurl
#Singapore Alex Ferguson teaching in Harvard is so unproductive. Come back to Man U.
Song Ji Hyo rocking the AJ5 oreo in Running man. Fug she chio sia
Phone is damn lagging . Haha . Full of running man and korean dramas .
so much to do oh man. I shouldn't always take holidays lol~
Frfr??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername damn man that's why ya tweets fiya???
I didn't sign up for a standing trip to school, man.
59-year-old man found dead at building along Rochor Road twitterurl #Singapore
Ever wanted to tell someone "man look get yo goofy ass on" lmao.......yea me too!
Fucking hate it when strangers sit so close to you in the bus. Fuck off man
If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles.
so now need timing ah? what kind of ridiculous socery is this bullshit man.  my gawd.
Fix tak catet fix bgt"twitterusername twitterusername wo pe? Aku man u haha"
Actress turn Politician Nagma slaps a man for misbehaving during her election rally twitterurl
No point staying awake liao , twitterusername you the best, you the man!!
Kind biker helps man catch bus not once, but twice twitterurl twitterurl
twitterurl Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications: SINGAPORE: A 56-year-old Singap... twitterurl
I am a mass pandemonium man, repeatedly fluctuated but a living proof of pygmalion's effect!
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? Why not ? twitterurl
& one more thing be a man or a boy not a dick or a slut pervert
Suit Up Your iPhone With This Mark VII Iron Man Power Armor twitterurl
i killed another man today. shot him in his back as he ran away.
Yes. Rt "twitterusername Oh got game later eh? Man u vs chels?"
Talking to my man late at night about everything just makes Monday bearable
Why do my charger always spoils so fast... Fuck this man,
Done with 2 ep of running man. Time to knock out
I hope he do the things I should have done when I was your man
"twitterusername 1st Maroon 5 song I listen this morning : The Man Who Never Lied"
Man reunites lost boy with parents in less than 2 hours by using facebook twitterurl
shall watch running man episode 134 now! Gonna laugh on an empty stomach! HAHA
??twitterusername What do u call a surprised Chinese man?          Ho Lee Fuk??? twitterusername
Haiss, no one at home. I can't really walk.. No food, what to eat man.
[LINK] Running Man EPI136 with Lee Dongwook & Han HyeJin English subs : twitterurl
Man,I would love to see Timothy Wong on the plane !
Watched iron man 2 on his ipod during chem lsp today hahaha.
reposting that picture is not going to get that man caught. please stop
I dreamed up a wind orchestra, ska beat version of Secret Agent Man. I. don't. even
Waiting for my younger sister to shower is like waiting for Singapore to snow man.
Belhanda wants to come to EPL ? Sure why not. But not arsenal or man united ok.
Patience can rape a man off his power if you know when to strike.
I live like a man that died 20 years ago.. I have no fear whatsoever !
"Old man take a look at my life, I'm alot like you."
Astenn loves lishann too much man he's going on and on and on about her.
Handsome crush guy is having mood swings:( Why man why. Chin up!
Wow, it seems so legit now, suddenly she's not yours. Just wow! Around of applause man! :)
"After the loss of someone he loved. This story is about a man who died twice "
55 units of Essential Grammar in one day is a torturous way of learning man. sucks
Dunlop Bob Marley Rasta Man Pick Tin with 6 Medium Picks twitterusername twitterurl twitterurl
then i will fuck you in the future :P ??? oh man pls go to sleep. twitterurl
Wushu champ stomped on Gillian Chung's toes filming Ip Man    twitterurl
Istg I wanna fuck one of my Instagram followers man.. Hahaha
My man has a point... #ZB #TheyAreComing #UpsilonLine #YallReady? #IDontThinkSo #ARevolutionaryProduction twitterurl
[OMONA!!!!] "Running Man might visit Malaysia for fanmeeting with 6 members :D" via: KoreanUpdates\
Walao eh gimme 1 day to finish all hw. Whr enough man!
????twitterusername Man my feet look too pretty I wanna wear flip flops???
Gonna Chiong home to finish up the last 20 mins of running man #ep138
Seriously no idea why am i awake at this timing , its so early man ??
Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus twitterurl
Sorry for the late update of Running Man EPI 137 photo! >.<
twitterurl Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police h... twitterurl
o man whytho ??? Lol because no my face is too asdfghjkl twitterurl
Woman at bank curses man for losing $100,000 cheque, then finds it in her pocket\
Feel like running man marathon. Hahaha. Got the feeling to skip sch later on ?
Fucking pissed off now man. Wheres the fucking bus sia ! Fucking china bus driver.
Dinner with the man. :) twitterusername #foodporn #prata #perfectman #dinner #instalove #date #instadaily twitterurl
We're gonna regret signing up for 42km. Fo sho man for sure... twitterusername
Don't try too hard to be cool man coz you'll end up looking like an idiot.
Act like a man, if you're one. Otherwise, don't say big words.
justin timberlake's interview speaks about ryan gosling. this gosling man is everywhere.
just spent a good 1 hour watching Neil de Grasse Tyson. The man moves me :')
Nice :) #nowplaying Bruno Mars Performs - When I Was Your Man twitterurl via twitterusername
do all the things i should have done, when i was your man .. huwaaaaaaaa :'(
"twitterusername Trying to make it work but man these times are hard"
Aww man. Yesterday jade was answering question and i was sleeping. Whyyyyyyyyyy twitterusername
I agree with this man.  Totally agree.  Agree with peishan pencil case twitterurl
Hey it ain't morally wrong man, it's just my primal urges... sexual urges.
Having the house to myself tonight is just a reminder that I need a man.
??twitterusername [FULL TRANS / SCAN] Siwon at Elle Man Hongkong Magazine Spring/Summer 2013 twitterurl enjoy :^)???
Heartwarming to see local singer helping old man pick up cardboard boxes twitterurl
Sooo I see crumb snatchers allll day today???? Come onnnnn man
I'm gonna remember this camp forever man. One of the most amazing camps everrr
No man should be allowed to die just because he cannot afford to live.
Man in Taiwan tries to take baby from stroller in broad daylight\
Omg i forgot how Transformers 1 goes.. i used to follow the sequels man
W/Cup Qualifier: Kenya unveils 19-man squad for Nigeria - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Found myself smiling sheepishly while browsing through my old photos. Man those were good times.
Whoa excited for my juniors to pass out from SNCO man!
"twitterusername Seriously man. You can just fuck off, you've changed." sorry :'(
this #breakingbad is episode is mental?? gus fring you bad, bad man
Note to myself ; Do not drink water while watching running man or things can get wet.
Cory Monteith damn hot man..... so sexy in I Want It That Way omg.
Calm myself.Only 2 days to go guys.I'm dead man serious.I need sleep.Good evening Xx
Woah that somebody just say amylda fanatic sia how could you say that to her man
AsiaClassifiedToday WA man closer to learning fate in Malaysia - twitterurl The... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
CBS > Man impersonating pilot arrested on US Airways flight twitterurl #news
But ita Friday night man. The night is still young chey
Man punches car and causes dent after accusing driver of lane cutting\
Man finds 7cm knife in back three years after stabbing twitterurl twitterurl
I wish i can wear one of those twitterusername T-Shirt & Wristbands . So cool man :)
US man in jail after being accused of impregnating 11-year-old twitterurl
Man this is so f up. I wanna freaking watch the ending -.-
??twitterusername No girl likes another girl flirting, texting, or calling her man.???
Man ordered not to say this word for six months #law twitterurl
Ard 24hours left to collect back my fucking bike lah. Its been 2weeks plus man.
Man charged with beating monkey to death in an Idaho's zoo last year pleads guilty twitterurl
Man with sexual fetish for wallets jailed 13 months twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Diarrhea. Slight fever. Flu. Sore throat. Not my day at all man today.
"see the luck i've had can make a good man, turn bad"
Arctic monkeys RT twitterusername monkey kopral RT twitterusername Monkey boots RT andrylaxban: monkey man
Stop trippin, i know you got a man but girl he slippin.
#NowPlaying Bruno Mars // When I Was Your Man. Breaking down everytime this song plays, effing relatable..
[CNA] Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road twitterurl
Omg man he's so cute with his braces! And hes coming back tmr hehehe yay
How strangers came together to help man feeling sick on train twitterurl
Kudos to Taufik Batisah on his cover of Bruno Mars' When I Was Your Man!!!  twitterurl
Studying sucks when you're lefty and writing on flip-desk-chair. Man my arm tired
It's fun working with this man whore twitterusername , time pass a lot faster :) !
I cannot help but laugh at raylen's my bro became a stick man HAHAAHHAHAHAHA
waiting for oral exam to start............ waiting outside the hall man it's so hot -.-
FA CUP REMINDER 1/4 CHE v MAN - 7.30pm Stamford Bridge: Astro CH817/831. #GGMU.
About one month to go till Iron Man 3 v^_^v Ahhhhhhh
So sad that i'm working instead going to church it's easter day man omg :(
[Music Bank] INFINITE - Man In Love now! liking Yeollie's suit's color
Man-sized robot jellyfish, reporting for duty: Virginia Tech College of Engineering researchers have unveiled ... twitterurl
Well done! Army serviceman earns praise for stopping to help handicapped man twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday 'Sick Man of Asia' Must Stick With the Treatment - Bloomberg: Economic ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
This man is fucking hilarious.... why does he only have like 75 followers?
Man seeks to divorce wife for refusing to make love to a snake -\
Man why is there a Laker fan during this Heat/Knicks game....
Man ... y must i fall sick when attachment is super near ?!
I Hate That He Plays For The Red Sox Though, But That Man Is Fione ????????????
man with too big lats looks kinda weird and funnehh. not macho at all
Shoot ur balls better la , anyhow . Seriously come on man U !
Ok, Stephen Spielberg's "Hook" is playing......so is Man U being pathetic!.....
Demba Ba with the amazing volley! Chelsea 1-0 Man Utd
now my baby is dancing but she's dancing with another man // bruno mars
Running Man new episode is coming out today! Woohoooo, cannot wait to watch it later on!
Archaeology???s Relevance to Today: One Man???s Trash is Another???s Treasure twitterurl | via #UrbanTimes
Man now who the fuck wana care bout u? Making another drama
Wants to b at Korea rn '~' RT twitterusername What a charming, charming man! #ironman3 twitterurl
Lol part time job ah?"twitterusername Iron man...with kids :) twitterurl
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves.
Takraw macam tak jadi je.. well just look at the weather man..
Man stabbed to death after trying to rob S'pore businessman in Malaysia\
Anthony Wong's son gave him flak for body double in Ip Man   twitterurl
I hear Method Man in twitterusername 's verse in 1 Train... maybe It's just me.
I was busy watching running man and then all these chaos aiyo
Can the man sitting beside me just don't sit so near? Eeeezzzzzz
Can't believe I woke up at this timing. I should still be sleeping man haha.
It's so fucking warm even in the night. What's with SG. Fuck it man.
??twitterusername "twitterusername a british man came to sheikh and asked : #mustsee #beautiful twitterurl
i miss having facial man. i cant afford it now. since im not working.
Shall upload my Karaoke Version of When I Was Your Man in Soundcloud before playing soccer
Did you hear the man whose left side was all cut out? He's all right now.
Milner just lost balanced after getting a passing to him & Man United gets the Throw In.
??twitterusername Starting to feel more like a team.??? Yeah man. That's why, dont go poly!!
fkit man. today is a bad day.. seems lik everything i do doesnt go right.
Imma be a stronger drinker man. Weaklings stand no chance in survival
This Man Pickpockets iPhones From His Victims?? Using Chopsticks! [Image] twitterurl
#Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu... #BusinessMgmt #Job: Intern (f/m) : Solution Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
On the way to HTA for NPAP with my juniors twitterusername and ma best man twitterusername ??
Now my baby is dancing, but she is dancing with another man.
AHHH... Avril Cukaaa bgttttttttt lagu ini :)) RT twitterusername #Np twitterusername - When I was Your Man #NonStopHits
My aunt or alone. Lol. RT twitterusername #FillTheBlank I usually watch Running Man with ........
Last night. I gonna spend my night with running man ?????? #leggo
belanja me laaaaaa darrennnnn "twitterusername Iron man 3 is a must watch!"
Man City take the lead thanks to Samir Nasri's goal #facup
You're still malay man . Kulit hitam tak yah nak berangan american , brittain , chinese or whatever
game Man U bohsan gile tadi~MC bohsan Chelsea bohsan.smua bohsan~fuck of
Me with my Platoon Sergeant. Regimental yet the man has a big heart. #Inspiration twitterurl
Haiqal that jackass, retweeting the tweet. Yah la your Man Utd win liao lor. Congrats. twitterurl
Running man cheered me up, then you dragged me all the way down again
Well done Latics. Man City or Chelsea will meet them in the FA Cup final.
$1000 BIKINI CONTEST TONIGHT twitterusername .. Man It's Going Down .. DOORS OPEN AT 10:00 !! twitterurl
"rm members are inside -- Jaesuk and Haha" omg running man only you all know?
Pep will be always barca's  man, not like mourinho who become a traitor, show his revenge.
Last song ad I'm gonna sleep. When I was your man #nowplaying
Man arrested after woman was slashed near Bukit Batok Blk 230 twitterurl
Man U will be playing away at West Ham, Chelsea will face Fulham...
Man arrested for stealing iPad through window - twitterurl - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan arrested for steal... twitterurl
I see this every time i wanna open leo. Wtf is wrong man?! Help anyone? twitterurl
emotional but nice song RT twitterusername Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man
Yeah man! hehehe! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername faik cd pe? Bgs...
Man, De Gea looks a bit different after shaving his side. Lol!!!
He's sitting here yelling at this deaf man... I hate this dude
Too much! Man props legs up on bus seat, blasts music and laughs to himself \
I'm one World Cup away from being 30.  Man, remember being 21 and invincible?
kinda cried man thanks to can't leave by shinee its sooooooooooooooooooo good and :'(((
All the hardcore miserable circuit trainings and other trainings stuff paid off man.
If I become man... I'll fucking go request for recourse for bmt!!!!
All shampoo smellss nice just that I can use clear man
#Japan woman, 77, got $5m from man for sex and love twitterurl
Online vice ring: Third man on trial says mobile phone holds crucial evidence twitterurl
System Analytics thing tmr... the sound of it scares me man hahaha
Lord i'm doing all i can to be a better man ~
#Free #Kindle #8: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
Oooo running man tonight! Eheh i always wait for friday nights~ ^^
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat twitterurl
Sigh memories just going back even in the ride everywhere reminds me of u oh man
After a week in school. I still dont get anything man.
Singapore police arrested 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat twitterurl #1maysg
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making false bomb threat twitterurl
One girl can destroy a man. One mother can tambah the belacan in the nasi kangkang.
#Free #Kindle #6: Crooked Man (Tubby Dubonnet #1) (Tubby Dubonnet Mystery) (The Tubby?? twitterurl
Bitch you are wearing a bandage dress close your legs man
Sha and man says i have a twin. Hahaha lets just hope he joins drama yeah
??twitterusername Now my baby is dancing but she's dancing with another man.???
Runner Witnesses Boston Bombing, Texas Explosion: Man who finished Boston Marathon moments before bombing witn... twitterurl
"twitterusername As iron sharpens iron, so one man sharpens another. -Proverbs 27:17"
AsiaClassifiedToday UK's richest man is Arsenal FC owning oligarch, Alisher Usmanov, from .... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
I've to wait another 4 days for Tan Hong Yap's class, man. This suuuuucks :(
??twitterusername I know i can't make you happy. Im not your best man.??? Chill
Watching a man beat the shit out of a pole. twitterurl
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making false bomb threat             twitterurl
Intro on this song soo wtf cmon man epiphany - the word alive
"twitterusername ??&??? (=????)?(????=).    Junho&Junsu? twitterurl OMFG LOOK AT twitterusername WHAT A GORGEOUS MAN^^
Fuck yeah! Tottenham score again!! Baik lah sial!! Tot 2-1 Man city!!
Seriously... Man city is losing to Tottenham ? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Wait is he going to miss the match against man u??????????
[PICS] Running Man EPI 141 "Animal Kingdom" YOO Grasshopper - ????? ?.??? twitterurl twitterurl
thinking of watching the match tonight cos GLORY GLORY MAN UNITED #GGMU20
You're not wrong my old man, they just doesn't meet your point.
Oh man.. Bro.. Better take care and rest.. Will be praying for you.. twitterusername
Saw many people wearing Man Utd's jersey in SP today. Wooooooohhhh!
Hahaha I never ever thought of those man HAHAHAHAHA stupid Desiree ??
Wt man RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Lord knows my situation!! U just assume!???kml
Our neat beds during our stay ^^ #man #aircon=warmer #oip twitterurl
Fuck saw a video a china man abusing a small Russian kid.
Yeah man? rt"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername do i know you fucker?"
Can't wait to see Man Utd get their title tomorrow! If they win lah. :)
Man Tries to Make a Quick Buck From the Boston Marathon Bombing Photos twitterurl #photography
"twitterusername Iron Man 3 coming soon with twitterusername awi, abg alit n dll"
I'm not a guy with broken dreams I'm just a broken hearted man.
Ah! QT twitterusername ClanSewe wrong it was against man city 2games ago
if I can bottle this feeling and sell it. I'll be a rich man
Fuck it! Dropped my phone, and now screen cracked.... Big time man, big time!
"twitterusername "There is nothing more beautiful than a man asking Allah for the girl he loves.""
just finish watching running man. should try and sleep now ! lets go!
hai selesai nonton iron man 3 SERUUU bgt. he he he he jadi ingin nonton lg ._.
#nowplaying #HeraPheriyan I twitterusername & twitterusername !!! This is solid gooood man !!! Bruaaaaaah !!!
Please, calm yourself down. You're acting like a prostitute and you should know that man.
After watching #Oblivion last weekend! Waah! Gusto ko manood ng Iron Man 3!!! ????
Do you think it is easy to face all of those shit? Then you're wrong man.
Eventhough aku selalu takdatang sekolah. But weh I miss my classmates man. We're like brothers4life.
What an awesome time home with Sufian looking at the iron man pics HAHAHAHAAH
Iron Man 3 ??? The Official Game now available on App Store ahead of upcoming movie twitterurl
oh stop with the pretending shit already man im sick of it
i started to like Korea when i watched the Running Man.
Jordan, stop favoring my tweets please and reply me :( twitterusername Miss you on Twitter, naked man :'(
Woah, good weather to sleep man.. But I got to wake up and go to school. :(
Man who allegedly vandalised Cenotaph war memorial arrested by Police twitterurl twitterurl
Brazilian man survives after accidentally shooting himself in the head with a harpoon gun twitterurl
Everyone's watching Iron Man 3 today! I also want to watch!!
Really slow~ "twitterusername - A #Gemini man likes to take things slowly."
When is running man gonna start ?? I wanna download songs and watch #thehippocraticcrush!
??twitterusername ??twitterusername ??twitterusername #nowlistening My Heart // Irwansyah & Acha Septriasa???CLASSIC MAN! :)??????:)
I'm So Proud Of My Lil Sis twitterusername Man, She On Focus Right Now! #TURNUP #DCMG
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername yes old man??? im only 16 turning 17 hor!. Cb!.
Oh well, i'm treating them to watch Iron man 3 anyway. ??
Rt "twitterusername Everyone's watching iron man 3 today, and I'm rotting at home."
??twitterusername twitterusername Town? What for? Got free Iron Man 3 tix ah???? How should i know :')
this time is the best time of day to run yeah man im ready lol
Hoping that tomorrow you get to tag along to watch iron man 3....
Guess who is watching Iron Man 3 today? Definitely not me nayy! ):
Iron man not bad. I like it. At least is way better than part 2
I just got sick to my stomach this shit is truly fucced up man
"Tired of living like a blind man. I'm sick of sight without a sense of feeling."
I lost about 60% of my spring clothes in padre/mia/atx lmao :( wtf man
wa got 33d cup ah his armour lol "twitterusername Watching Iron man 3 3d w twitterusername
Anyone wanna watch Iron Man 3 tomorrow with me or something? Heh
Man jailed for trying to steal $70k jewellery from shop  twitterurl twitterurl
I dont mind watching iron man 3 again .. Cozz its soo freaking awesome XD
am not sure, this man its the one i know from my previous primary school?
Cpttt nyettt grrrrrrr -_- "twitterusername Waiting at warung tekko for iron man 2 hours again ouchhhhhh??9"
Everyone is saying Iron Man 3 is not good... Maybe I should give it a miss?
CBS > North Korea charges U.S. man in regime plot twitterurl #news
Rich man in China stabs wife over 30 times during fight twitterurl twitterurl
Man convicted for beating up girlfriend's children, drug offenses and rioting twitterurl twitterurl
Salad for breakfast.This plus working out, I'm gonna see results man. twitterurl
*emot dancing* RT twitterusername #NowPlaying The Script - The Man Who Can't Be Moved #F3HoursSunday
Alahais its okay bro next time must score okay . ??? In sha allah man. Thanks! :) twitterurl
Hey girls....guys.....follow twitterusername and support him!! Young talented man! GO GO GO!!
Nvr mind lah while waiting for her i guess im gonna watch running man
Hmmm working on it , long way to go man.. #throwback twitterurl
You people make me guilty of not watching iron man 3 yet boohoo.
Every woman/girl has that one man/boy who they will not lose feelings for.
[HQ] Running Man Ep 144 Preview [Legend of Ttakji King] twitterurl via twitterusername
Really need to stop smoking man. $70 per week on cig. $300 per month
I'm watching Iron Man 3 (221 others checked-in) twitterurl #GetGlue twitterusername
The celebrity PR man is accused of sexually assaulting two underage girls. twitterurl
IRON MAN, totally awesome!!!!! *i love toni stark and absolutely his fancy car ??
A wise man once said 'just let em problems off your shoulders and say mehh'
Dope Work Day Wit The Homie twitterusername Man! We Got Some HEAT Coming!  #Talented #DCMG
The running man girl just walked past me. HER BOOBS HAVEN'T EVEN GROWN WTF.
#Deal #Music #7: Man of Steel: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (Limited Deluxe Edition) twitterurl
I wanna watch IRON MAN 3!! :(( twitterusername and twitterusername up for it? Haha
Roar shut up la Heaven's and Earth adv I want to watch Running Man.
Iron man 3 cam best jerh tp tak interested. Hehahuhiho! :P
You're a flirt, stick to your man bitch. Don't go around hugging people!
Dont know if that man is taking his own pic or what
"Now my baby dancing, but she's dancing with another man" - Bruno Mars twitterurl
What's happening to us?! We think the same way man! ~ twitterusername
Iron Man 3 (@ Shaw Theatres - twitterusername w/ 4 others) [pic]: twitterurl
Iron Man 3 with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and ahyong just now. ?
Ironman 3 was awesome man, don't mind watching it for the 2nd time ??
Can i like meet twitterusername one day ? Wahhh . It would make me the happiest person man .
omgggggg crazy man hitting his on head in a crowded train this is scary shit
Morianty & Nailah singing When I was your man twitterurl on #SoundCloud
Upcoming big games in BPL this weekend. Merseyside derby & of course, Man United v Chelsea...
Sumpah lawa oh god i'm so insecure but they all are man lah sia
3 running man episodes straight yeahhh 141 done 2 to goo
Fuck man i coulda just got a good job but my tattoo fuck me up
Man fuck Robbins & they bitch ass police. Gone write me that petty ass ticket
Man I got some shit going on that can neva get boring #Fact lol
I got to go.. When duty call.. Iron man is here to save you guys..
"twitterusername Bug off man I need some space" ok ok apologies
Everyone in the cabin is laughing at the mad man haha so bad but HAHAHAHA twitterusername
A wise old man once said use your loaf before saying something :)
Man arrested in connection with acid incident on MRT train twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Hahah Keanu damn funny on snapchat ??????awww man I miss him sooooo much
listening to twitterusername JAPONICANA album now. Missing this man, missing the voice!
Same here dude! :) RT twitterusername It was great praying with you man\
4th week of school and man I'm still not feelin' it
They got the swag man~ xD Shooting yo~ twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
??twitterusername Having a dick makes you a male, not a man.???
this noodle soup tastes shit i swear man! (@ RasaMas) [pic]: twitterurl
#NowPlaying Cobra Starship - You Make Me Feel... Ft. Sabi. This is Classic man!
Who is the one person you look up to the most? ??? idk man twitterurl
The next 2 weeks is going to be unbearable for me man.
Iron Man, saving the world, one wrinkled dress shirt at a time
When is the day i should go jogging again man ? So tight sia this week
Jose Mourinho should be the one managing Man U. Not Moyes! ??
Government want us to like them for their contribution. But fuck you man.
Trust me, it's gonna be weird seeing another person sitting on Man Utd's manager seat..
India: 70 year old man rapes 7 year old girl twitterurl #1maysg
I almost forgot that today is Friday and which means tonight there's running man. Ahh syiok.
*Goes up to someone with a horrible haircut* "Hey man, nice hair.... ;)"
Fun and relaxing day all around. Even my man-flu is mostly gone.
Well, that's one way...  "Man Chops off Penis Because He Did Not Want Children" - twitterurl
Which Everton players will David Moyes try and take to Man Utd? I wonder
Still one man.. Haha.. And I'm closer to my prayer request :p twitterusername
Man charged in US kidnapping is Jekyll-and-Hyde figure twitterurl
The last player to wear number 9 for Man United was Dimitar Berbatov...
[CNA] Man charged with running brothel, living off earnings of prostitutes twitterurl
ANOTHER CASE??!!! ??twitterusername Man accused of raping 4-year-old Indian girl in New Delhi twitterurl
You screaming guap is yo man bitch you out yo damn mind?
Morningggg :* :* ? Man In the Mirror (Acoustic) by James Morrison (at Mine Camp PT. MTU) ??? twitterurl
(malaysia sun) Indian-origin man jailed in Singapore in road rage case twitterurl
Feel like just quitting school and marry a rich old man.
Yup thanks to my gf now i'm addicted to running man
Have you ever tried convincing a proud man that he's proud?
Have you ever tried convincing a proud man that he's Arrogant?
Something funny I saw today on my way to school. (China man) haha. twitterurl
I saw you bitches. Haha. BITCH. ??? Then you never see us. Dafuq man -.- twitterurl
Man blows up home after wife and children went on picnic without him twitterurl twitterurl
Watching Big bang running man for the 3rd time alr... Hahahhaaha haissszer.
What was the last song you heard? ??? If I was your man :') twitterurl
train man is one of the best books i have ever read
When a man loves a woman, can't keep his mind on nothing else
Tunku Aziz: Anwar a dangerous man - General - New Straits Times twitterurl via twitterusername
It takes skills to control ur laughter while watching running man in class
Jobless man jailed three months for threatening to burn down lawyer's office twitterurl
Man sentenced to 10 years' jail, 10 strokes of the cane for killing girlfriend's toddler twitterurl
Fuck man, I got jammed on Sunday at my game. My hand is so fuckin sore
Do all the things that I should have done when I was your man
Interview tomorrow @ 9.45am as a student care teacher & admin. May the force be with me, man.
I'm trying the best I can to be a better man
I hate this man bcs he know how to draw lah siaaaa twitterurl
We're not friends, we're not there, I don't know where we are man. :-(
Behind every musically talented fat man is a bag of McDonald's twitterurl
Goodnight tweethearts. Lol who am i kidding everyone is sleeping man.
Loser like you deserved a damn _|_ in your face man, seriously..
Football: Atletico stun 10-man Real Madrid to win Spanish Cup twitterurl
(sna) Indian-origin man in Singapore jailed for molesting 13-year-old boy twitterurl
Poor misguided child in Dome, wearing a man utd top with shrek written on the back
[PICS] Running Man EPI 145 - Law Of The Jungle Team with HAHA twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
[PICS] Running Man EPI 145 - Law Of The Jungle Team twitterusername ??? : twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
Too cute: Man singing voice puts puppies to sleep twitterurl twitterurl
A girl who's a Man Utd fan. Omg plus point HAHAHA
Waking up today to a cool day and now it's feeling warm :O Ohh man~
See how man catches flying bird -- with bare hands             twitterurl twitterurl
This mrs yeo wtf man say I wrong also never say what wrong
Man found dead at foot of Laguna Park block twitterurl twitterurl
2nd man arrested in New Orleans' Mother???s Day parade shooting twitterurl
Iron man 3 the fun part is only the last part!!
Denger lagu The Script pasti inget twitterusername 'the man who can't be moved' :p
Why would people think that Mourinho will take over Man Utd? #fearofachelseafan
????? I just watch for the sake of weilian xiaoyu and hudie. If not I really ???? man.
HIMYM major cliff hanger this week man.. is next week (ep 24) the last!?
A lifetime supply for the average man is a year supply for me. #DrPepperFanatic
If he a baller ???? .. just know I'm his #?1? fan ???????? at every game, supporting my man????
The little dates the mentors all having uh, too CUTE ALREADY man AHAHAHAHAH
Oh man why are my sister's friends following me on ig hahahaha
im tired of everything already. i really need a break man
Double down burger this time isnt nice. More of a disaster-.- great day man.
Man fined $3,000 for biting girlfriend's daughter on the chest twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
What the fuck RT twitterusername BREAKING: Rafa Benitez set to become interim Man United manager.
Man , fuck you hormones . Makin a bitch all sentimental for no damn reason ?
Najib don't sound like a very smart man with all those comments coming from him.
Looking food there Mr Stunt Man! (: "twitterusername Happy 21st birthday!! twitterusername twitterurl
About to go see Iron man then Fuji's! Today will be a good day
#Lampard202 #respect to the man who's never tired of climbing higher.
Reports in Spain have suggested that Manuel Pellegrini has agreed to replace Mancini at Man City
man of the match : super frank lampard and nurul azwan roya (Y)
This S'porean man is one of the 78,000 people who want to live on Mars twitterurl
Man repeatedly slashed on head and body in Geylang twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
If fellaini goes to Man U i wouldn't mind watching them actually.
Willing have a sweet dinner with Papaaa{} you're my man paps! *jgn jealous ya maaa;-)*
are you that attention seeking? gosh. grow the fuck up man.
Shall spend the night by watching running man full episodes on youtube heh heh
Wow first time seeing almost all Man Utd fans waving flags.
Today the cup going give Sir Alex. Man United. #Reddevil #manunited
Man caught stealing 2 pairs of Ferragamo shoes at condo twitterurl twitterurl
Shouldn't let stupid stuff bother me, time for some running man!
wanna watch Safe Haven but I'm alr feeling so tired... oh man
Man city , hello there ? Championship ? No more eh? Well done wigan :)! Sexyy la guys !
A nigga.??? Dont got time for him... A young man.? Maybe :-)
I rather go back secondary school and do the mid year exam man. Better than ite.
After four years, man finishes writing out entire Bible by hand twitterurl
The Latics held strong and firm against the star studded Man City and silenced critics.
Eemi pun random gila tibe tibe ws aku cakap zafren hot hais what is this man
I want a man in front of me playing in a band.
watching iron man 3 again with my class then recruit party ^^
Bri dosent want to play with me this morning , awwwww man
cause my heart was broken after see you with other man.
"Parrot man" Zeng Guoyan shows up for City Harvest Trial twitterurl
now my baby's dancing. But she's dancing with another man....... #np
Oh man. Why the music here in mac is relating my mood :(
Which friend are you the closest with? ??? Rebecca, Nadine, Xin Man and a few more. twitterurl
"Parrot Man" Zeng Guoyan goes to City Harvest trial to 'pray for Kong Hee' twitterurl twitterurl
See you guys at uss man!! So many people going tomorrow woohoo
finally ah i found a good stream to watch man u's match
when is jerico gonna hve a profile pic . its like forever since facebook man .
Man accused of smuggling 21 puppies in car boot twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Man in Yishun market puffs on cigarette while chopping up fish for customers twitterurl twitterurl
Later i buy the iron man one and make twitterusername jealous!
Placed my wallet & ipod in the camera bag itself. Too lazy to bring anything man.
The idiom "to blow one's top" has a completely different meaning to a gay man
Construction in the morning oh my goodness man I am dyinggggg
Ajul ajak jumpe. Sorry man, I got race to attend later. Chey!
I must go where the brave man die yah! #lol #ns #fuck #my #life #squaready twitterurl
Man i just love that mini pizza. Small in size but big in flavor!
He's good .. u aint had none yet? RT twitterusername twitterusername I can digg,hows lil man
Video of man hitting worker in office goes viral twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
2 donkeys suspected in mauling old man to death in Hungary twitterurl
Shall spend my night watching running man full episodes on youtube heh heh so fun
??twitterusername "twitterusername 20 more days... Shit man I gotta exercise ??" for???? SN HAHAHA
[TNP] Man who hits younger co-worker says it was 'tough love' twitterurl
Man United Soccer Schools to hold coaching programmes in KL twitterurl
Describe alif burger ??? Man slut. HAHAHA jk a good, funny bro and my gossip buddy :)... twitterurl
#Singapore: Man who filmed 423 upskirt videos, charged with insulting modesty of women twitterurl
Star Trek for the 2nd time -.-" Will Star Trek be like 3 times Iron Man?
Man who filmed 423 upskirt videos, charged with insulting modesty of women twitterurl twitterurl
Dying man finds strength to walk thanks to his favourite football team twitterurl twitterurl
Toot-toot-toot :) a man with a horn in the mall twitterurl
Ultimate Warrior, Macho Man, Undertaker, Kane, Chris Benoit, Randy Orton, Big Show.
Break me off, show me what u got... Coz I don't want, no one minute man ??
Had 1 hour and 30 mins of nap.... I swear I'm freaking tired oh man....
i need to meet twitterusername man. nak one tupperware of roti john!
[ST] Man pleads guilty to vandalising Cenotaph war memorial, sentencing on Aug 26 twitterurl
My man is a great boyfriend. I could not have asked for better.
Man I'm high as a bitch. I gotta go smoke this shit with DJ tonight.
One of the worst things that can happen is a Bugis man getting really pissed off.
Its like as if all that makes me happy now is completing assignments wtf man
Against a 100 kg man with 24 kg equipments, you're rather ambitious
Trying to smile. Yeah, she's stronger than a man of steel.
I've been farting since this morning sia what's wrong man... #factsaboutKen
This episode running man starting enthusiasm level already up. Kwangsoo as main character is interesting
Update: Man in Germany takes three people hostage in city hall, including a deputy mayor twitterurl
Man ur tweets are awesome, thanks for existing :D (>///<)... ??? Thanks for existing...? Wow. twitterurl
cb hahah this hari raya whatsapp group with the fags so annoying man
Wak Doyok is by far the most dapper Malaysian man i've seen.
Full of ngee ann students, wow man they end school at such a time.
Subscribe to my youtube channel if you want the latest episodes of running man
My favorite song ---I LOVE IT! Dancin' round the studio like a mad man
Man jailed 9 weeks for plan to steal cough syrup twitterurl
(today) Man jailed 9 weeks for planning to steal cough syrup twitterurl
Man Burnt To Death For Sleeping With Widow And Daughter twitterurl via twitterusername
If anyone give me this ??? Mangos, Oreo cheesecake, chocolates, cookies I'll love you forever man HAHAHA
Fuck usain owning shit in russia. A rather fast black man.
OMG Why Do We Have To Wear Clothes SMH I Hate This Shit Man!!!
Boobs are made out of fats . Damn man . I got alot of fats .
Can i experience that again tmrw i swear i'll not shake and i'll man up
wtf man, plan to collect pay today, in the end i ownself never bring voucher. -_-
Talking shit to my man about say it to me not him #FUCKINGBITCHESBEJEALOUS
How inappropriate of man to openly wear T-shirt with communist symbol\
Peole overeact over shit man when you already know whats going on
while jogging bumped into twitterusername ! Nice seeing u man! see u arnd! ???
kesian man dia everyone was like pressuring him he was so irritated
This European dude just called me 'A Fluffy Young Man'. Dafuq!
you owe me my life man. give it back to me i beg of you
Armed man in stand off with police at Chai Chee flat detained after 5 hours twitterurl
Armed man in stand-off with police at Chai Chee detained after 5 hours twitterurl twitterurl
Why is it a bad thing that Ben Affleck plays Bat Man?\
Citizen Journalism Awards: Man needs 37 stitches after being slashed at Lavender twitterurl  twitterurl
CBS > Man confesses to fatal auto crash in online video, could face prison time twitterurl #news
Hahaha. Fifaing with firr like totally on fire man. Hahaa :D
All alone with the driver. Everyone took their leave earlier today. Man, bad day huh today? -__-
I reckon that Man U have a big chance of scoring in the 2nd half
??twitterusername Lol a draw for man u vs chelsea???kasi chance lah chelsea
I could just sit here and listen to music for hours man... \
My Toshiba lappy really got to go man. Mcm cmi je.
(yahoo) Man arrested after five-hour standoff with police at Chai Chee flat twitterurl
The Reappearing Man: 4 Reasons Why Exes Almost Always Come Back | twitterurl via twitterusername
When killing zombies, screw the chainsaw man, a lawnmower is the way to go. ;)
Gosh I Can't Believe She's With Me. Im One Lucky Fucking Man! That's A Fact!
Homaigawd! "twitterusername RT twitterusername Running Man Fanmeet in SG this October! twitterurl
Ohhman he done start singing dirty laundry.?????????lmao.  I love this guy man..??????
;)"twitterusername For every tear you make her cry, there's another man waiting to make her smile."
Seeing the fans taking a photo with Booker T like so awsome man. Haizz. :(
oh man soooyoung i hate beanies but it looks good on you twitterurl
Angry man attacks and rips off GF's bikini top during filming\
[Breakfast] SAF death: Putting the blame on the dead man? twitterurl
Man goes around asking people for $2 at Jurong West coffee shop twitterurl twitterurl
Aaron Kwok's rumoured GF talks about the 'mystery man' she's dating twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for underage sex, grievous hurt and breach of domestic exclusion order twitterurl
Didn't want to wear this but..... I've no choice ah fuck man
Glee Season 5 released this month ! The happiest man ever alive doh aku !
Injured navy man Jason Chee will get desk job as operations supervisor twitterurl twitterurl
Got this girl standing beside me, memorising her SS notes. Fuck that shit man!
"But when they need something from you, man, they leave you alone."
eating fruit loops and some soda while watching BFF ep21, running man will be next #partyparty
Here's the man Gan Lulu is rumoured to be marrying on Nov 11 twitterurl
Omg ....yes it has two snsd members yes my nephew is a man alright
playing MStar, i thought it was a lame game. but man, it's so addictive.
And I ended up falling even deeper for you. Wtf is this man.
Fuck i was about to sleep then i heard hey~ man who the fuck said that
War News Updates > A Look At The Man Who Runs The NSA: \
Sometimes I miss the feeling to be loved by someone called a man. Sometimes. Only sometimes
Japanese man makes 1 million yen from 3 months of gaming twitterurl twitterurl
Man who ate mice to survive in mountains was fleeing sex charge, authorities say twitterurl
Here's the man Gan Lulu is rumoured to be marrying on Nov 11\
Can't laze ard anymore time to drag myself to the stadium and jog man
I pray my brother do not go to war if we have to man
[ST] "Mr Lee Kuan Yew not just a man of ideas but of action": Heng twitterurl
EXACTLY RT twitterusername Fuck and I studied so hard for glob man dang.
Fucking cam man set up the cameras infront of FC ugh stupid -.-
[ST] Man jailed for abetting another to pay teen for sex twitterurl
S Korea troops kill man trying to swim to North twitterurl
Dude what happened to being a fucking Llama man. ??? I want a llama. twitterurl
ALL THE BEST TO YOUR N's MAN! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Finally after three weeks of Man U match, today is the day! 2:0 son..
Man gets frostbite from spraying sweaty socks and shoes with deodorant twitterurl twitterurl
Citizen Journalism Awards: Man needs 37 stitches after being slashed at Lavender twitterurl twitterurl
Can't wait for tomorrow! Latest episode of running man will be out!
Throwback far far away man very far until cannot find where i throw alr twitterurl
Cos theres a man overboard and the tides are gonna drag him down.
J.Holiday have me feeling so in love with this song man.. #ForeverAintEnough..
China's second richest man hurt in 'revenge attack' following dismissal of some employees twitterurl
aw man everyone got me really excited bc we all thought ios7 was ale out hahaha
AsiaClassifiedToday: Jamestown man to address UN about technocamps - Jamestown Sun: Jamesto... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Man from China pays for $31,300 car with 10 boxes of small bills\
A tall man in a suit = my weakness ??? RT twitterusername There's something about men in suits....
The wise man builds his house upon the Rock. All other ground is sinking sand.
Time to watch GD on running man before going to sleep hehe ???
Dah goncang belum? ??? Dafug hahahaha why would you even ask such question man twitterurl
Dude are you going for hardwell? ??? Nah don't think so man twitterurl
so bf promised me that his gg to treat me for running man ticket!!!! YEAAAAAAAY
Physics paper on Monday but I seem to know nothing man
That guy on twitterusername is one angry man. I feel his anger.
They always afraid of trying long range shot. Hais la Man U, hais...
Really? Man City is leading by 4 fucking goals? Not funny. Not cool. #GGMU
Make sure Man U win Liverpool the next time we meet fucking faggots
Moyes is a fucking joker. Can beat Man City while managing Everton, but now cannot...
Anticipating for my next pay check. This can decide my fate man.
Man Utd starting XI: De Gea; Smalling, Ferdinand, Vidic, Evra; Valencia, Carrick, Fellaini, Young; Rooney, Welbeck.
You know, twitterusername is actually a very handsome charming man. twitterurl
Shit man. Forgotten to bring my home cooked food out.. FUG..
Man arrested for suspected involvement in break-ins in Ulu Pandan twitterurl #Singapore
??twitterusername ??????????? ?????????!!!!!!!^^^^^^^^^^ twitterurl yet another man fascinated with pigeons twitterusername lee donghae
Tomorrow have interview for the outstanding award man :/ so lazy to go out
??twitterusername Man???s penis amputated after he overdoses on viagra to impress new girlfriend twitterurl
Gonna spend my night at work by watching running man latest episode
I cannot sleep though I'm really tired. It's Man Utd vs Liverpool!!!!!
Aiya, I really see #Blackberry losing the consumer battle. Time to switch focus man.
My iphone cable is officially dead. Now my iphone left 7% good job man. FML
[ST] 6 men convicted of beating unemployed man to death twitterurl
The man car was nice as hell tho.! Old school charger
Going for SWACKED tonight? :) ??? Maybe! Not gonna pay for a fucking house party man hahahah! twitterurl
No good show on tv. Just waiting for the night man...
??twitterusername Awwwwwwwwwww next week's running man episode is dedicated to a fan ???????????????????
The 11 Differences Between Dating a Boy vs a Man | JustMyTypeMag - twitterurl
Timelapse of The Burning Man Festival 2013 (Video) twitterurl #photography #arts
Attacker slashed tattooed man thinking he was a loan shark twitterurl twitterurl
The 8 Things Iron Man 3 Borrowed from Kiss Kiss Bang Bang twitterurl #photojournalism
The most handsome man in Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
The things that I'm looking forward to tonight: dinner, rest, running man, sashimi, yami yoghurt, sleep
I'm sick with random people who asking for FOLBEK ...get a life man
Man U got a lot of chances to break the deadlock...
Hahaha.. It's good to see Fellaini playing.. Just to see Man U lose! Hahaha
I Rather Hear My Dog Bark Than A Man Swear He Loves Me #HoldThatShit?? #SaveItForSomeoneWhoCares
#NW running man uncle episode ho ho ho , we r shinhwa!
Full 45min-1h set. Never gonna happen man. Not for me, at least. Dream on.
twitterurl Tom Hiddleston learning swordfighting. A man after my own heart!
LOLOLOL laughed till got tears come out.... it's been a while man
Erik Cheah is the man behind the stove at Lov?? Mamak.\
Citizen Journalism Awards: Man needs 37 stitches after being slashed at Lavendar Food Centre twitterurl twitterurl
Two days of staying at home totally can die man omg
Buck the fuck up man OCBC. All idea of opening an account with OCBC = Gone.
"twitterusername urge to watch running man har har har" i know you want it :-)
??twitterusername Only a weak man takes out his anger on a woman.???
Moyes have no tactics man .. United were playing on their own thoughts ..
Alltop RSS > Man walk to hospital with his arm in a yellow bin bag twitterurl #photography
HAHAHA. "twitterusername i would not 1-2 be a man utd fan right now teehee."
??twitterusername Weekend is not even to rest anymore -_- it's all about homework... FUCK SCHOOL MAN FUCK???
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Slender Man: Epic Best Friends Reaction
Thr this new chl u show, machiam singapore's ver of running man
Swear I don't want to go to this lab... I be dying in there man
stomach so weak fr what c'mon man I can't eat anything
Finished tennis training dam fun man woohoo!!! Doing extra running on the track
The Fountain of Youth ??? Burning Man 2013 for AARP ??? by Dan Krauss twitterurl #photojournalism
My dog ate my money... Man gets reimbursement from US Treasury twitterurl #nom twitterurl
Man Murders Wife, Kills Himself Hours After Trying Out for Family Feud twitterurl via twitterusername
Currently watching Man of Tai Chi 2013 movie on my iPhone 5s. Done download
need to go on some cafe hopping at farrer park man...
Fulamak just installed rugby 08 it brings back so many memories man
Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death twitterurl #Singapore
[CNA] Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death twitterurl
Happy 36th Birthday to Half Man, Half Amazing Vince Carter! World's Best Dunker of all time!
Going to serangoon gardens for supper & to watch the Man U Match. WOOHOO
Happy 18th birthday to my best man twitterusername have a great one handsome!!;)
"twitterusername 1hour $180. Work 12 hours per week. X 2months. Wow. 5digit." kerje ape sia man?
Hate kiasu aunties man I swear you all rushing go where sia? Market?
#np best night // justice crew <3 song of the night man. hahaha :')
Aaron Hughes free header from the corner. Man Utd 4 Fulham 1
Glory Glory Man United, As the reds go marching On, On, On..!!
Fuck i dreamt of smoking pot from the bong, man thats a nightmare for me ??
accidentally read a spoiler about running man ep 130 on twitter -.- #WorstFeelingEver
Soccer boys ready for competition!  "Omg like spider man " - twitterusername twitterurl
I should start studying tomorrow. Common test is on 1st feb. Die man die.
Watching That's My Boy, Adam Sandler is the man lah forever awesome!
Cmon man health booklet now is not the time to troll me SHOW YOURSELF BITCH.
#FavouriteMovies Transformers . Iron Man . The Avengers . Batman . Madagascar . Alvin & The Chipmunks . Hui banyak lagi ni.
Man allegedly used others' credit cards for shopping and McDonald's deliveries              twitterurl
Everyweek without fail, my BGS class turning into an Economics class. Not cool man...
"twitterusername Allah opens doors for His believers that no man can ever close.."
Wah wah Merlin become a real Emrys. Like a old man. xD
let's so i rlly do have double personality lol hilarious man im just shy irl lol
Man arrested for molesting woman on bus - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan arrested for molesting woman on busAsiaOneSINGAPOR... twitterurl
First match bunch of oldies/retires man playing soccer except Fandi Ahmad and some coaches.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl "One Man Disney Movie" Nick Pitera Disney Medley Music Video
This man said i look like angie mama in this scarf but im Beautiful lol
i thought running man so ninja, then turned out to be false alarm haha
Australia's Tasmanian Tiger killed by man: study: SYDNEY: Australian researchers investigating the extinction of... twitterurl
The way KwangHee handle fish sibei fail... not like a man omg. -_-
man. this that shit I'm talmbout. they always wanna fuck up at the end. good got ??
Russian judge sleeps and uses phone during trial -- before sentencing man to jail\
(ST) Man guilty of raping and trying to murder neighbours' maid twitterurl
Car misses man by inches -- before going up in flames  twitterurl
Die. My classmates all scolding me now. Shit happens man. Shit happens
"Running Man producer interviewed on producing for the show (Part One)" twitterurl
"Running Man producer interviewed on producing for the show (Part Two) twitterurl
making a big fuss just because of that thing is seriously pathetic man.
i think i cannot pull of a smile just by smiling lol idk man
I mean i love ang mo lecturers, man they go off so early
sitting in a cab reckless cab OMG im not in a rush chill man!!!
Currently walking home at an extremely slow pace. I'm just too tired man
I'm treating you like how you want me to treat you. Like a man.
Feel like watching Running Man even though I just missed 3 days of lessons. Oh my...
shall watch running man and do my work, because i can. screw sickness.
??twitterusername I will laugh, ill get drunk, ill take somebody home??? woah man calm down..
The yewtee posb outlet queue is horrendous man.. Everyone wants 2 dollar notes for cny
Giirrrlll getcho life !! Dont have yo hxes stalking me !! "twitterusername twitterusername is my man lmmfao"
How To Build A Real $1 Million Bionic Man twitterurl twitterusername #Tech
This man is so cute! So big size and is carrying a small little pink bag! ????
... why everyday someone wanna cut queue.. these people shall die man..
Im not interested in politician.But my dad Yes he is a politician man #UMNO
"If I were a boy, I swear I'd be a better man."
I can listen to twitterusername all day long, man you are sick!
someone wore this in my school and I was like, "whoa, nice shoe man." (: twitterurl
Everything was going swee..but now it's like what the fuck man~
I'm a cynical person. Always doubting people kindness.. But, doesn't mean I'm not a grateful man..
Do the things i should've done when I was your man .
That commercial with the man walking down the street with the baby is funny as hell ????????
The man to buy next season for the big clubs! Gareth Bale. Prepare 30 million.
are you spending cny alone lol no ang pows for you man twitterusername
I'm still waiting for#ABTM to come out man the rest not interested
Mesti laa lampard!! RY twitterusername Who was your man of the match? #CFC
Left 3 more parts of running man. Shall watch it when I wake up later on!
Lambatnya nk tunggu match day champion league second round ni. Real Madrid vs Man United. #GGMU!
Man sentenced to 20 weeks??? jail for taking upskirt photos twitterurl via twitterusername
We have trusted one man and one party for too long?? twitterurl #OpPopulation
With Abg twitterusername in the train. Who's that charming man opposite of us? :P
Playing 'when i was your man - bruno mars' on guitar now.
Behind every successful man, there's a woman rolling her eyes. Haha
Alt-J, the big man on the big tv #lanewaysg2013 twitterurl
Homework done (: so now ? Phy time ! Monday test ! Arghh .... ! Fuck man
#SGBucketList To see Steven Lim act like a man, for once.
Learning about logarithms in amaths tuition, oh man this is hard
Wanted go town with Mirzy but no $$ and monday got test ! So sorry man :(
Overslept. ATM down. No cab. Late for work. Nothing is going right today man.... ??????
Studying maths and watchinh running man is seriously a bad bad bad idea..
"twitterusername Believe Acoustic Deserves A Grammy. yeah man. we trend it!"
Do all the things I should have done when I was your man.
Tee tee man the skinniest toughest/ cute lil dude in the world. He only 4
*cpr* RT twitterusername The internet is too slow i'm going to die, man.
Can we have Yonghwa as a member of running man too? ^^
Old man, exactly what are you going on and on about? My brain can't absorb anything
"Behind every successful man is a surprised woman." #quoteoftheday #qotd #987fm #OffTheRecord #fb
"No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman." \
[CNA] Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food twitterurl
[ST] Man charged for using someone else's credit card to buy fast food twitterurl
Man charged with using another person???s credit card to pay for fast food twitterurl
So satisfied with my work today. 2 man clear full year servicing
Feel like getting those proteins man . Or maybe i should find weight gainer instead .
Nothing to do at work man. Everyday also just sit down stare into phone -_-
alrigh man. imma put my phone down on silent and TRY to knock out .
Wife of paralysed man takes stand in suit against Sembawang Town Council twitterurl #Singapore
And I Would Go With What I Got On Man Lol . I'm Playin
Just realize I did not update my address on my resume. Oh man..
OMG! We eat till forgot abt the time!!! Nw late for Jap class.. Oh man
[REMINDER] To watch Running Man with Guest Yonghwa & Daesung on Channel U now! :)
Doing CME work , half way already ! Writing all the wise word man ! Fuuiyooo !
omg lee dong wook is the guest for running man vietnam special ahhhh melting hahahhhah
Come alif and wan . Where are you ? Speed up man . Me and jeremiah already done .
knn china man try to scam my bus stop again peh pundeh
Forever riding on shinee's popularity. Been about 2 years?! GTFO MAN
Man jailed for tearing open hundreds of items on supermarket shelves twitterurl
>>> RT twitterusername Fuck the wind man now my hair is all messed up.
"twitterusername Oh fuck MMF tickets are selling at 50 bucks!" Ikr ! Go buy man !
Just paid $4 for seafood fried rice. Bang for the buck man. Sooo much rice. :DDD
Man Mike done pissed me off!!! All I see is BLOOD!
Man charged over giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped              twitterurl
What's with the traffic man... Damn Singapore getting all over-populated.
Man I cant even lie I miss fuckin w/a Chicago nigga
the man bside me trying to see if im crying .. oh whyyy ... im not ...
Running man to catch up. So many new korean songs to dl. Woah haha
I work at 5 man up boi lol??twitterusername Fuuuck I forgot I work at 7am???
when i heard dongwoo rapping i was like dayumm you're one smooth man i tell ya
Fuck man, ftt later yet I'm still doing nothing about it.
Think of what to wear tmr. Haha I'll be man in black.
You look like the gay Spider-Man. RT twitterusername Tonight, we're drinking from the bottle twitterurl
I dont know if i should sleeep or watch running man or rooftop prince
Hahahah the man got into the ambulance cause he ended up getting whack by the woman??
abuscyedg it's my birthday tpday, so man come notice me "( twitterusername
Haha wtf caught this old man ogling at a girl's boobs.
Do all the things I should've done when I was your man.
Shall use this time to catch up on Running Man episodes.
Whoa Bradley Cooper acting as a gay man in Valentines Day. His boyfriend damn hot. Wheeeeeee
Fuck man gambling ain't my thing. Lost all my $2 notes and I feel like changing
Soon, i'm becoming a man when i'm enlistment in three yeats time or one year time.
Had an emergency, waiting for the ambulance now. Hopefully nothing happen to cik man??
Sign me up for the next experiment man I'm all for killing emotions and shit.
Van Persie is now the icon of Man Utd and not Rooney! :O
Man jailed & fined for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs twitterurl
Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs twitterurl #Singapore
(CNA|sg) Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs twitterurl
CBS > DNA evidence frees Texas man convicted in '81 stabbing death twitterurl #news
Wow, Marlon Brando was so dashing as a young man. That lips! And face! And everything!
MSNBC: Century-old bank relies on one man and an adding machine twitterurl #photojournalism
United draw with Man Utd? Neh not gonna happen. Hala Madrid!!!
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Fedor Emilianenko v.s. Hong Man Choi
Divian and Dee's Harlem Shake is epic man! Damn funny. Especially Divian. Heehee!
So how man ,  Want some ? Come and get some ! Hershey world largest bar 2.26kg . BAM ! twitterurl
nahhhhh man that's just nasty looking. Wear a bucket on your head. It fits you better.
Its like.. Gonna rain and its so sunny. What's wrong man! Decide on one weather!
" do you hear th people sing, sing th sings of angry man "
Police: 26-year-old man charged with murder after Pistorius shooting twitterurl
Omg! How can she want to see a 30++ old man body?? Ewww..
I Miss My Friend twitterusername Back In Orlando Man!! Coming Back Soon :) #DCMG
Yeahoo . I can wait for Ronaldo to shake hands with his former club , Man United  ^^
Welback playing like me man , so good ! Chey fake ! Yes try welback
Dear Man Utd , itu Swansea ! Come on ! Yu ken du it !
Not that I'm against man utd though. I just hate Rafael so much. Haha
DavidDeGea RT twitterusername David De Gea RT twitterusername Who is your Man of the Match?
Man standing at the back of moving lorry is an accident waiting to happen twitterurl
Guys, my tryouts are over and I got it for real man
??twitterusername Tryna get girls off a brand man you hella whoomp??? lol
Sorry to kacau again, really man but what is this? Does anybody knows? :) twitterurl
Miss you too guys! See you soon "twitterusername twitterusername we miss u man!"
??twitterusername "But now my babys dancing, but shes dancing with another man."?????
Commuter praises bus driver for allowing blind man and guide dog to board bus twitterurl
Bus driver praised for allowing blind man and guide dog on bus twitterurl
Was thinking how i couldve counter attack that motherfuckin china man.
Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Stunna Man! twitterusername All the best, have another killa year   #RichGang #YMCMB
"twitterusername Now my baby is dancing, but she's dancing w another man."
If only gotze, Ronaldo , bale, Walcott , badstuder and sterling sign man u
"twitterusername i want jay on running man!!" it'd be the most epic episode ever
"twitterusername twitterusername retake o,Do well then take good diploma course" money man money.
U r missed ?. My wing man RT twitterusername Come back twitterusername
This niggas shorts man @ this meet LMFAOOO . Nigga sporting coochie cuttas.
Now my baby is dancing, but she is dancing with other man~
??twitterusername Starting Chemistry now. gg.??? THAT'S THE WAY MAN! HAHA!! All the best!
will Running Man come to Singapore? is there a chance? mmmm
"The greatest thing anyone can do for God or man is pray." - S.D. Gordon twitterurl
Fuck man the cloth so ex still buy. What's wrong with me. twitterurl
Really need to thank twitterusername today! Thanks man. Now I can use my phone happily. :)
When Ustaz Azhar said "No time man," he seriously did made the crowd laugh.
I'm a leading man, and I'm so evil, oh so into cats. #misheardlyrics #falloutboy
Every chicks from pitbull are so hot and fuckable hahahaha I gotta admit that man.
Why tf DISD got school and everybody else dont...??? Man fuck Mike Miles
Motorcycling: Australian dies in Indonesia motocross: KUTAI KARTANEGARA, Indonesia: An Australian man died in th... twitterurl
Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner twitterurl
Man gets 2 weeks' jail for not reporting death of his sex partner  twitterurl
Sounds so wrong, man. QT twitterusername Someone just learnt how to do fingering. Hmm
Old man problems ??twitterusername 3 cramps in one night even when I didn't train legs. #itsasign???
Giraffe FTW! RT twitterusername "twitterusername #DontBotherMeWhenIm watching Running Man." Yeahh. Kwang Soo ! Haha
Too tired to watch #noregrets. And I need a bath man. My makeup is suffocating me.
have to study social studies after this episode of running man
The Running Man production staff really,really like WWE entrance themes.
wow i said 'after running man' look at me now im still watching tv.
Man used surgical mask and gloves to break into ATM twitterurl
there are 2 reasons.. I want to leave everything and Because of that man >:(
shyt man I'll feel so bad if I forget to bring anything tomorrow
Sparta jong kook arrive in Singapore last night. :), Hope the running man can held in sg.
It's been quite awhile... Great long chat with twitterusername Poured our hearts man.
Hope Running Man will come in this 2 years, before I enter NS pls.
Omfg RT twitterusername Jackie Chan to appear on ???Running Man??? with Siwon twitterurl
Jetstar made mum of man killed by shark pay for flight twitterurl
SAP #BusinessMgmt #Job: Intern (f/m) : Solution Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...) twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Now my baby is dancing, but she's dancing with another man. #nowplaying
??twitterusername twitterusername MY MF MAN??? I'm gonna use that Tag for my IG posts now
KJK might be quite annoying on Running Man, but I still like him ):
Now, Man United are 15 points clear on top of the table. Woooooooooooooo!!!
Thanks for the Mr. Bean treat! Haha, always here for you man! twitterusername twitterurl
You are so so hot that you melt my eyes man
at night is when I really be thinking about some shiiiit. shits crazy man
??twitterusername "twitterusername Runners! #TellMe which songs do you think Jong Kook will sing? ;)" ONE MAN??? lovable !
This is only KJK in Singapore. What if the whole Running Man members come to Singapore? ???
Man if Rupp could only be this loud during games #bbnstandup
Shit man, gums are hurting so damn much I can't seem to even chew something.
Man United ??twitterusername Idk why i hate liverpool so fucking much.???
now my baby is dancing but she's dancing with another man.
Have no idea what it means but it's so beautiful man #nowplaying Over My Shoulder
[LINK] Running Man EPI 135 with Guest Jackie Chan & Choi Siwon! (ENG SUB!): twitterurl twitterusername ?
Note to self: drop some spares to that old man playing the harmonica every morning.
Lol 2 screenshots from ep 135 of Running Man! #RM #runningman #SBS #missmong #songjihyo #kirin?? twitterurl
A black man walks up to his friend and what did he say? He said hi.
Boy tony got some real problems in that movie #IronMan3 Iron Man 3
can someone tell me what time is the man-u match?
Going to watch Man u game this night, tp esok ada paper kan?
I'll be a rich man if i'm getting paid for every CO lessons.
Never mind la. I rather watch running man while going to school sia.
Every man isn't a king and every woman ain't a queen.
Hahaha thank you c: "twitterusername twitterusername Oh man,take care. Common test period! ><"
man. i miss being that fat kid running on sports day
Hahaha I'm playing Adventure Quest again , oh my its a legendary game man
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii: SINGAPORE : Singapore's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) and its Consulate... twitterurl
Fuck man. Forever dropping my phone . Drop twice in a roll ?? *ouch*
(sna) 62-year-old Singapore man swept out to sea by strong wave in Hawaii twitterurl
Those days of cycling to PRP like almost every evening.. those were the days man..
iPhone 5S? Man I can't even afford the 3GS with iOS 6! #lol
Headlines... " Ref use Machine Gun to Stop Man Utd not Ronaldo"
LOL? ??twitterusername The definition of irony: Man United supporters complaining about the referee.???
Fuck this man... Idw to be feeling this way every morning.
Ah.. Snap man.. Accidentally stepped my MP3 , but luckily not spoilt , just scratches.
A Birthday Video for me... i feel like crying man. Touched :')
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername then you're not a manly man!??? I guess not.
I wish you're not RT twitterusername i wish i am your man
It has been so long since I watch running man... Sign~
Challenge your members at THE WIPEOUT! Only twitterusername ! Are you man enough? RETWEET! twitterurl
Going to work via west coast.. All these trailers are freaking me out man!
Why is no one on. Shoot man I should've brought my laptop
There's A Difference In Holding Your Man Down & Taking Care Of A Broke Nigga. . .
wtf you expect me to clear your shit? SEARCH URSELF MAN
Man who pushed elderly woman off bus ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment twitterurl #OpPopulation
Man who pushed woman off bus ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment             twitterurl
xoxoxoxo if tmr continues i go see doc. cnt tak it man xo
HAHAHAH BURN MAN??????????twitterusername Sex, blowjob or both? ??? how about satu penampar? twitterurl
I want to go for emerge running man!! :( why is poly excluded?? :(
First time i see a chinese man bowing to a hindu temple.
what's with me. what the fuck is with me man. fucking piece of shit.
If you still haven't try disposable underwear, you are missing out the fun man!
"twitterusername In inlove with korean show <3<3<3 sweet love story ever (':"running man
"twitterusername The story of one man and his dog twitterurl so sweeet
Ang Moh man dunnoe our woes. RT:twitterusername Filipinos are better service staff than Singaporeans! twitterurl #OpPopulation
#Technology #Geek Blake Patterson's Byte Cellar: the ultimate man cave for aspiring geeks:   Apple... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
Man fails to return iPhone even after his photos are captured by app: \
RT twitterusername What did one Japanese man say to the other? We are both Japanese.
twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername guys now no more running man on tv ah?
[PC Advisor] Man who used Find My iPhone accused of 'trespass via radio wave' twitterurl
twitterusername embarrassing man! Really embarrassing.. *runs back to watch live apple blog*
???Portal: No Escape??? Director Dan Trachtenberg To Direct ???Y: The Last Man???  twitterurl
Beware of man in Orchard Rd asking people for money for MRT fare twitterurl
freak man, day by day my diet plan is slowly failing ugh
Young man, my arm isn't for you to sleep on. You jijik thing.
twitterusername twitterusername read this article man. BBC News - Viewpoint: Apple's iPhone launches no longer excite twitterurl
So fly *begh :p RW twitterusername I'll be..your crying shoulder.. *begh! co cuwit man!
??twitterusername twitterusername creepin lol??? man not even is just the truth lol
WOW!never knw a pic of a man running can be so hot. Really WOW! twitterurl
At Bluestar now with le dancemates. Makan after dancedancedance. Yea man.
Woman in Taipei saved by young man after falling onto train tracks twitterurl
Okay next chance I get I'm going to buy Yes Man
Thanks for the support man! RT twitterusername Previous RT. Loving his artworks.
A liverbird upon my chest, we are the man of shankly's best.
Happy Birthday twitterusername :) enjoy your day & may Allah always bless you. Last long with your man :)
Handsome flawless Chinese guy beside me watching running man. OMMO.. CAN I JOIN YOU??
See how many electronic goods this man grabs in 156 secs of free shopping  twitterurl
I should just chill the fuck out man maybe that tweet really wasn't meant for me
This is one of my new fav Chinese restaurants. Man... It's So yummy! twitterurl
And treat men the way you want your brother to be treated? Nahhhhh. Danggg man.
like other chores ah, not that bad. ironing fuhhh i dont fancy man
I had a Long ass day/night man and was back at it at 8
??twitterusername it's raining it's pouring the old man is snoring??? lolol.
"twitterusername I got chickens man chickeeeens..." i got Jab Beratttttt hahaha
I am a changed man. I'm not going to bet today.
SEUNGRI will guest star in Running Man ep on Channel U tmr @ 11.30pm! YaY!!!
The man who is always smiling can be the most depressing.
Van Persie come man u only he like horse sia damn active
Criticizing my friend? Whoa ... hold on. Mirror yourself man, i mean lady.
You right! RT twitterusername twitterusername now ar I also dont know fustrated man lo ! Jahaha !
It's good to see that Man U still can manage without Rooney, Scholes and giggs etc
??twitterusername RT twitterusername Whatever. Irritating Man U fans. Talk so much.??? THIS LA HAIS
"twitterusername so how are you feeling all the man utds fans" awesome baby!!^^
Football: Man Utd beat Liverpool to move 10 points clear twitterurl
No man is more deaf than he who will not hear.
Looks like Arsenal is a victim of bullying tonight. Damn son Man City!
Liverfool manager Brendan Rodgers said his team matched Man Utd in terms of quality. #MimpiDiSiangHari
Just looked into the mirror and my gosh. My eyebags. What the fuck man
Why is the class heaty man is the air condition turned on?
after watching the latest episode of running man, i'm gonna sleep.
Buey tahan man.. Still at section A qsn 1.. I really need twitterusername to guide me..
_|_ man. Changed my screen protector and right after that "BAM" there goes my poor hopeless phone -.-
Any man can be a father. It takes someone special to be a dad
"twitterusername twitterusername man survey fon katne?" Macam biasa tan chong spare spart .
"see the luck i had, can make a good man turn bad."
[NEWS] Cast of ???Running Man??? spotted filming in different costumes twitterurl
just looking at this text is making me cry, man, like G
a group of wotas just sexposed one of the most dangerous man ever encountered.
HOW ARE THESE PEOPLE AGENTS!!!  The customer will be blood boil man when talking to them!
Dafugg man?! You can't always expect me to do everything first. Merepek glerr!
???????? RT twitterusername "Why'd the fuck you call him coon man?! That's fucked up!" -Tim Hefferan, 2007
Man my head is killing me!!! I honestly feel like crying!!
WHAT??? HAHAHA RT twitterusername Feels nice staying at home. Omg! I am a family man
A man that can talk & has word game can get himself into and out of situations.
Kinky. "twitterusername twitterusername I will do anything to get my screen free man..."
Whoever is in the toilet is taking forever man quick lah walau
[ST] Man charged for stealing 2 litres of cough syrup from a Tampines clinic twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Beijing's man pledges housing fix - The Australian: Philadelphia Inquirer... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
??A diamond cannot be polished without friction nor man perfected without trials.??? - Kathryn Kuhlman twitterurl
Miss A performing their latest hit! 'I don't need a man' #GDA2013 #KAvenyou
"twitterusername Miss A performing their latest hit! 'I don't need a man' #GDA2013#KAvenyou"
Fuck lah I miss the boys so much man #saffcU18 #warriors2012
HAHAHAHAH THIS RT twitterusername wah a lot of ppl i hate going to thailand :( srsly man
American Photo > Exhibits to Watch in 2013: Keizo Kitajima at Little Big Man twitterurl
Haha! Ah really? Nice! :-) RT twitterusername twitterusername Saw ya at macs man
After school, straight away go away. Can't take it anymore man. ??
"twitterusername Man it's time for me to bag a old head" truuuu!
Mum kept say I got girlfriend, that's why everyday went out. WTS man.
Im gonna ask for a fucking zippo lighter for my eighteenth man.
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl
GENIUS RT twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus - twitterurl Because stealing a car is not challenging enough.
Odd. Why?! : [ST] Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus twitterurl via twitterusername
Yucks! Man relieves himself by the roadside in broad daylight at Geylang              twitterurl
What's the point of being good? Fuck care man I dw to suffer anymore
I just vacuumed my carpet two days ago and now it looks dirty again. Oh man.
I wish someone would man handle me and crack my backbone for me. ??
Got a feeling I'll retest my one man cpr tmr hahaha. :')
I want to smoke but I can't. It's been five days. Yeaaaah man!
I mean that could be the most embarrassing death scene.. Man died while clearing dog's poop.
"twitterusername twitterusername hope your mum have a speedy recovery in shaa allah!"thks man!
i wish that the amazing race on monday would be like running man! :D
Cannot watch running man on bus/mrt ,  people think I'm some crazy person hahah ??
Yeaahh running man coming to malaysia!!!  Oh my goshhhh!!!!!  :0 tapi when?
Hahahahaha RT twitterusername "twitterusername You've hot a dick so man up!" So hot th dick
Wah I didn't even know it was raining..... I should sleep soon man
UKISS performing their last song, Man Manhani. The next performer will be Tahiti #DKFC #KAvenyou
Even though my Ahma doesn't wants it. ?? Nice tactic man nice tactic.
Fuck man i see my bf's thigh gap so depressing why I don't have
Shes not even trying and she looks amazing D: , Aint fair man. twitterurl
Got myself 2 top man tops and 1 Fred Perry, end shopping.
Man, ain't the card-dueling era over like 5 years ago or something?
Perfect man at the perfect time doesnt exist. There is no perfect thing in this world.
Hahaha dude, you tickled my heart man. A big HAHA in your face!
My dad was like " man utd match? *switch off the TV*" HAHAHA
Glory Glory Man Utd! As the red go marching on on on! #GGMU
And today I'm working near my house! Omg, I need potato man. Bo lui
Man somebody tell em hoes it's a celebration all my niggas got guns no registrations!
Yay! Midnight at JB with baby! twitterusername #jb #midnight #love #baby #spade #perfect #man #instalove twitterurl
"Some girls now successful alrd, & thier looking fo more successful man. Tell you first, cannot find!"
omg running man ep 129 engsubs is out, that was really fast :D
Running Man Ep 129 (2013 Running Winter Olympics & Idol Special Edition): twitterurl
Some man who sat beside me was staring at her...ass
Daddy drove me to Singpost eventhough he is sick. How not to love my old man?
"She needs to be with a man not a boy" Excuse me ? Ouch
Yeay! Done watching Running Man ep 129! Minho and Yongwha so cuteeeeee
#HooligansAreLuckyToHaveBruno and I'm playing "When I Was Your Man" #favesong #UnorthodoxJukebox
3 hours of writing lesson killed my brain man. 6 more hours to go!
#Sales #Job alert: Service Account Manager Man... | SAP | #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??... twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Ohh man... getting addicted to 'Elementary' now :O And it hasn't finish airing :O :O :O
Boy u hell!! kml RT twitterusername I said naw man, ain got on no clothes!
Woa, someone i thought was a friend just unfollowed me. Mixed feelings man.
Belum tgk Running Man ep 128 & 129~~ tonight ah while doing insya'! ^^
??twitterusername the man wit the iron fist clear tho..whoop !???  Iron fist was a good movie
SHF Iron man MK VI and Warmachine... yes BANDAI shut up and take my money!
Unless I chiong like siao before end of Feb. Oh man.
I've tried sleeping from 12.30 till now i cant sleep. Wadaaafark man.
Baru liat sport center twitterusername Man Of The Match nya Frederico Machetti lho.. Wow twitterusername :)
Thumbdrive filled with songs. If I were to lose it,I'll panic like hell man.
Downloading two of my all-time favourite episode of running man in my phone! :D
Lol man I talk alot of shit I was just told
Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
twitterurl Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology: SINGAPORE: An Australian... twitterurl
"twitterusername Taemin doesn't need SHINee cause he's now a ladies man (or just Boa's.........)" ouch
See how close this man stands behind woman in skirt on train\
Addicted to yoseob caffeine cnblue im sorry and juniel bad man. Ultra niceeeeee
"twitterusername Really have to get myself outta this mood man, can't go on like this...."
i just realised that there A LOT of people who actually watch running man haha ^^ #proudrunner
A guy just shouted "shut up la so noisy fuck man" hahaha aren't u shouting too?
Lapar. Tak sempat withdraw. Tak cukup manpower. Not getting any good man.
" Do all the things I should have done when I was your man! "
Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology twitterurl via twitterusername
??twitterusername yes,we are soldiers.but not your fucking animals.??? Tahan je lah bangla man ????
Lee mi who she twitterusername and is lee soo man the bastard CEO of sment
Hate it when my skin gets oily when I'm sick. Like... Why man......
What a coincidence! Man found strolling by during news report about his disappearance\
Man walks 400km to get home -- while carrying 60kg 'hotel room' on his back \
THANKS MAN. You can do it too jiayou!  RT twitterusername twitterusername OMG your abs damn defined
Dua2 nya RT"twitterusername #NewLangitMusik when i was your man / daylight ?"
My first song today.. ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Woke up with a sore throat. This is not a good start man.
Shenzhen man goes crazy with chopper at market, attacking dad-in-law and himself twitterurl twitterurl
Episode 1969 RT twitterusername Which episode of running man yang ada family outing tu?
With the producer of "Jalan-Jalan Man!!" With twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername at PPM twitterurl
Man walks 400km to get home -- while carrying 60kg 'hotel room' on his back\
Happy Birthday Reek ima rep ya name till the man up top take me
Now my baby is dancing but she dancing with another man.
his playing with the iron man yusuf gave me. so cute.
Body of a man in his 60s found in S'pore's Kallang river this morning. twitterurl
Joseph Stalin was a very handsome man at a young age.  twitterurl
Oh man ! Look at the time ! Haiss haven't finish doing excel also :/
"twitterusername A guy who isn't a man of his word should reconsider is gender"
Hong Kong man finds he is a woman after doctor visit  twitterurl
[LINK] Running Man EPI 148 with Guest Jung Junha & So E-Hyun (ENG SUB!) : twitterurl (CR:twitterusername
Hello prata man. Happy 19th birthday!!! See you in school next sem :) twitterusername
Man... I have a lot to edit. The only things different are the colour theme... Hmmm
Tt man is wearing a colored contact... Did he wear 2 layers of contact again...? ???????????????
#lamejoke What did the lady bee say to the man bee on the Valentine's Day?
Suspicious man uses binoculars to inspect HDB block -- and even takes pictures twitterurl twitterurl
The 11 Differences Between Dating a Boy vs a Man | twitterurl - via twitterusername
is there a lot of blood i can't stand blood man like excessive gore
Damn sian man time to hang out with friends also fking limited
that squirrel loving and it feel so good RT twitterusername Maya better come get her man
Due everything I should have done when I was your man~
Crazee black man on the drums just stealing the show. twitterurl
the promotional cd are not for sale?? aw man chaerin why we cl stans need it
Submitted writoral... Man it feels good to be done with dat shit!!
Mentally ill man stabs 6 children, 1 woman in Guangdong province twitterurl
At exactly the same time tomorrow I'll be watching iron man again
The man himself, Jo In Sung is finally on stage! #zoinsunginsg
Tmrw will be the most boring day ever man I'll be bored to death T^T
Sigh just let me die rather than coughing my life away la. So annoying man
??twitterusername Home she can fit her bontot in them jeggings ????? i home so too man. hahahaha
Today Chinese relief teacher so nice let us watch Running Man! ??
Gonna go all out for paper 2 omg I can screw up this time again man
no chilli or milk aw man does that mean no banana milk why :(
19-year-old man arrested for breaking into more than 20 flats twitterurl
Tomorrow is Tuesday ! Happy note is running man new esp :p
i hate everything. fuck man, i would concentrate on accademics but my results are shit
I just watched Yong Junhyung oppa's first series '???' and fall in love with this man...?????~? ??!!?? twitterurl
A (wo)man bent on creating terror will always find an excuse! Always
Man who filmed 423 upskirt videos, charged with insulting modesty of women twitterurl via twitterusername
Not going to school tomorrow. Ugh I feel terrible. What did I eat man.
"twitterusername to have a man assuring me I am beautiful even at my worst *cries*"
fucking black man trying to touch a beautiful white woman stupid paps
wth is wrong with the camera man I feel like vomiting watching the camera shake
Mother fucking weather.. u r making me dizzy man.. cool it!!
Man I'm so curious to know who the person is thats saying all thisss
Getting angry over such trivial matters, it just shows how immature you are man. #norespect
My relief teacher let us watch Running Man for the consecutive 3 days! This is life! ??
Hahahaha saw a man with a giant tumour in his neck smoking wtf #heonlygotonelife
if you gone be my ole man i gotta trust ya
But seriously lah running man is an awesome variety show. Fucking gerek.
??basic bitch man, dont try to approach me with a very familiar way ????
Always have the urge to snooze when it comes to subuh. Na ah man na ah
Watching running man ep148, craving got all sorts of Korean food :(
Watching running man ep148, craving for all sorts of Korean delicacies.....
#222 Best at bboying, bestfriend and funny..see u tomorrow man!
Asik tengok running man kan at last watching mencari cinta now hehehe
??twitterusername Boys are fun but what we need is a man???
What's up with people tweeting the hashtag and the numbers I'm lost man
Epic, After Earth, Now You See Me, Man Of Steel, The Great Gatsby, The Hangover III.
i have to wear school uniform to the dance concert -_- what even, man
Sedih bgt lu har RT twitterusername I'm the man who can't be moved twitterurl
Bitch please. That's man is not of Gryffindor. That's an infiltrator.
Bitch please. That man is not of Gryffindor. That's an infiltrator.
I prefer;  Water, lightning, psychic, fire, grass "twitterusername Man vs Women: Color twitterurl
Citing Stand Your Ground, Jury Acquits Man Who Killed Wife???s Lover twitterurl
It's those fuckin hips & that azz "twitterusername twitterusername bruh how you steal her man"
the local store is playing armin's "this is what it feels like". oh man.
WONG SK should really freaking change her microphone man it does not work properly anymore =.=
"twitterusername twitterusername you also like to watch?" I'm a big fan of running man yeahhh
I may have just acquired anxiety issues from last night damnit man what's wrong witchyu
No man. Must not hope anymore. Cus everytime I'm hoping, it'll never happen. Nevah.
Man,i see people receiving good experience and stuffs but i'm not even counted in !
Stupid Bar-man keep pissing me off today, what an asshole
A true man will know whether that chick is wearing a g-string or not
I was first man !!! Leading the way ! Then connection lost ! Haiserr ! :( twitterusername
Celebs Peggy Heng and Xavier Ong give an old man a McDonalds' treat  twitterurl twitterurl
Some laugh when I say one man band. I know la I suck tsk.
so apparently so many singaporeans in thailand lOL! omg LEVELS SO NICE MAN! like best club!
#717 - Been a long time since I played football with you. See you soon man
This Hydar huh, can really make my self-esteem drop man
this man RT keelaminho: etude sg needs to update asap. its so slow omg :(
Celebs Peggy Heng and Xavier Ong give an old man a McDonalds' treat twitterurl twitterurl
Previous RT. Fucking true! Don't flirt w our man! Fucking slut!!
Man goes into coma and almost dies after drinking too much soy sauce twitterurl twitterurl
Good thing dad bought nasi lemak.  Man it's been a long time.
She walks off to a man on a street, "Sir can u help me?"
Jealous Chinese man sentenced to death for fatal building fire that killed 8 twitterurl
yesterday was stupid i swear. said alot of stupid shit man -.-
Family of man who died in Novena excavator incident arrive at mortuary twitterurl #Singapore
Watching bondi rescue, and this particular wave hit a man and his shoulder dislocated OMG.
even arsenal got back andre santos la wake up man United
"twitterusername [PICT] Running Man HaHa and SNSD Sooyoung ! cr/runningmanfanpage <facebook> twitterurl HaHa's face
"That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind." - Neil Amstrong
[ST] Man jailed for helping others to get visit passes for their "wives'' twitterurl
"twitterusername Next week school start...what a dread..." hell fuck man
mom: "can you don't watch running man and do your work!"\
"Generasi ayam putih~" That lyrics makes no sense at all man
??twitterusername man wtf was i wearing in the video??? ur fav baju sia
MUMMY RT twitterusername HAHAHA fuck off tissue man RT ??twitterusername twitterusername I'm a mummy you bitch???
Blackhawk is like Man Utd in NHL. The reds are giving me headache. #TeamBruins #BecauseItsTheCup !
you're portraying a wild, young and free image yet "aw man society judges"
#27 - A friendly guy whom I know since P1, see you soon man
#4 - Good-looking guy, see you this Wednesday night at Bishan Std man
Welcome! See ya ??twitterusername twitterusername thanks chok bak..see you soon too man! :)???
twitterurl this skirt is tempting me to no end :( but my love for iron man :(
Man Of Steel, 13 June. Now who could I be possibly watching this movie with.
Shall wait for her to finish up her watching Running Man.
I'm many things, but a good man is not one of them.
Chinese man gets 12 years in US prison for selling $125m in stolen software twitterurl
Producer denies underpaying Donnie Yen for Ip Man projects   twitterurl twitterurl
eff man.. wesley can sing like freaking high and i jelly
The walking man realized that walking is to tough till the day he can't walk .
So I was sitting for a while and that man farted.
Yoo Mae VS Kook Mae lol. #Nowwatching Running Man Ep 40.
Lousy day man. Embarrassing myself in front of arguably Singapore's best keyboardist. Bloody hell.
S/O to Gorgui. Congrats to a humble, good young man.
most of lelaki lembut disisirkan just bcs of THEY ARE LEMBUT and not A REAL MAN
[PICS] 130624 Running Man arrival in Incheon airport. twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
So hail storm isnt because of cloud seeding in indon. Kuasa allah. Not man made.
Man utd like alot of new signings and all good good only , AWESOMESSSSSSS.
You Belong With Me punk version by For All Those Sleeping so cool man!
Welcome to the 18th Club broskiie! Happy Birthday man! twitterusername See you soon.
Work work work. Till 10. Running man again to waste time. Hahaha. Life..
do international kids have more freedom than local kids? ??? nawh man is semi equal twitterurl
Rais should go and die my phone was directly infront of my face man :((((
"I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man."\
The man who sold the world. Keep playing on my mind
I want a man not a boy who thinks he can
SAP #CustomerService #Job: Enterprise Support Advisor / Technical Quality Man... ( #Lisboa ) twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
so the man that wants 300k a week cant even bring his team to the finals..
[CNA] High Court dismisses appeal of man behind online vice ring twitterurl
just watched some running man and family outing episodes with my sister #throwback
Paul Oakenfold - Southern Sun (Angry Man Remix) what a fuckerrrr <3 <3 <3 #team140 twitterurl
Gordon Ramsay the man himself!!! He accepted the food bloggers challenge to face off with?? twitterurl
"twitterusername A double minded man is unstable in all his ways. - James 1:8"
pepe top transfer target for man city? fk shit just got real
Crash at car wash: Cabby and man die on the spot, SUV driver arrested twitterurl twitterurl
Good morning all and good morning my man! twitterusername @ Shangri-La's Rasa Sentosa Resort twitterurl
Serunding and rendang in class. This is the life man. #selamathariraya la guys. twitterurl
A bachelor party in a train is a sickass idea man
this is probably the first BLACK guest on running man (rio ferdinand not counted)
Maybe bring my camera along, take pictures and appreciate nature, appreciate god's wonderful creations aww man
Good man Ramos misses Oscar by centimeters otherwise his boots would be on his back damn.
Waking up on a Monday morning-toughest thing on Earth man.
OMG Lee Kwang Soo in running man ep 154, funny as hell.
Maybe I have MSP . But .. Don't try to take advantage of it man .
I always hope I can be like this man. In sha Allah twitterurl
[Spoilers] Yoo Jae Suk surprises everyone with his penalty kick on 'Running Man' twitterurl
Catch of a lifetime: Man lands 40kg shovelnose ray in Singapore waters twitterurl twitterurl
Man, fuck theoretical mathematics. I haven't slept well in 6 weeks.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Malaysian Makes Man Booker Long List - Wall Street Journal (blog): M... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Especially when I'm having a good hair day! MAN you can't tell me nothing
Man see how you dress, and then make assumptions about your relationship potential.
Hurry the freak up man... dont waste people's time over here!!!
Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
my china man are going to record 2nd album SOMEBODY HOLD ME twitterurl
Why is the song bromance stuck in my head man get outta ma headddd
hahaha finally running man ep154 came out! gonna watch it. #tweetlater
[ST] Man, 20, slashed by cousin, friend with 'watermelon knife' twitterurl
And I can't stand to see another man make you Smile .. your smile.
Still waiting to download FAST 6 & Iron Man 3. Bt no clear version.
Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Selling IPhone 5/5s Iron Man Case  for $15 twitterurl via twitterusername
I don't judge guys who wear make up but don't wear it too thick man.
Man jailed three years for using fake $100 notes twitterurl #Singapore
And man the person I've been EC-ing is PRC HAHAHAHAA BUT STILL CUTE??????
CBS > Man plunges to his death from chopper off Calif. coast twitterurl #news
This Recently Married Man Just Realized Marriage Is Not For Him - twitterurl
Man suspected of stealing TV sets from 3 coffee shops arrested twitterurl
Cb nearly quarrelled with a old man on bus. Stop abusing your elderly status nabeh.
I have yet to watch the latest episode of running man zzzzz
??twitterusername man u vs arsenal this weekend.interesting.???march 6. Mayday parade. Exciting HAHAHA
Didn't know when I fell asleep. All I remember is watching running man till the end
man i wish i was fit enough to do the colour run ahah
How to get rid of headaches man? This is killing me
Waiting for Real Sociedad vs Man United, Juventus vs Real Madrid. #sleeplessnight
walao stumbling upon running man spoilers EVERYWHERE thanks to exo fans -_-
kshownow faster upload running man episode 171 pls i wanna watch kris, lay and kyungsooooooo
AWWW CUTE "exonyeondan: Kris on Running Man fanart by ??????_????????????? LMAO twitterurl
Good thing Jessica is alright or else someone's dead man by now
man??Kyochon just fcking edited Ailee out of all their ads. useless company
I just seen a GROWN ASS MAN asking for Pokemon trades b.... twitterurl
Man causes panic at LA airport after brandishing unloaded gun twitterurl
You are a boy not a man. ??twitterusername twitterusername I want to. Can I????
Jobless man jailed for life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer twitterurl #Singapore
49-year-old man investigated for lodging false police report twitterurl
49-year-old man investigated for lodging false police report twitterurl #Singapore
Lmfao Yixing while hiding dear boy Jong Kook's not the only member of running man twitterurl
has been ended!! huahh i will difficult(?) to see you again my "time's up!" man...
I ken0t lah watching the romantic-2 movie like Mohobattein movie aiseh man
It's really annoying how their not letting us leave Bryant park. Come on man.
Idk man I feel like wiping off all that make up on their faces.
??twitterusername glory glory man united. hihii. good night. mimpi indah arsenal.??? Sweet dream bahahahah
you are ??twitterusername I love myself too much man. gah damn i'm sexy bra???
What do you think of Kpop? ??? Not into kpop sorry but i watch running man twitterurl
twitterurl here one man that caught my attention and kept it well twitterusername
Boooo menyu booooo "twitterusername In confident mood ahead of Man Utd vs Arsenal match this weekend !???
"twitterusername [Preview] EXO on Running Man twitterurl did I just saw luhan?!
[CNA] Man jailed for housebreaking-related offences, stealing Viagra pills twitterurl
(today) Man jailed for housebreaking-related offences, stealing Viagra pills twitterurl
Elderly man takes up not 1 or 2, but 4 seats twitterurl twitterurl
Been blastin man of the year by schoolboy q all day
Last man standing in bridging maths for me, twitterusername and Francis :-)
I should stop watching this thing and continue with my running man neither playimg with pokemon
??twitterusername A wise man once said, 'smoke weed everyday.'??? Smoke Weed Everyday!"
Omg I really don't feel like getting up for work man!!
one man,does that mean solo? if its true i am so happy for Marin
Birthday kau zid ? Hahaha happy birthday see you at night or something man twitterusername
"trying to act like the man rather than learning how to become one"
this week came helllla fast ! I'm excited to see my loves man.
[CNA] Man who had oral sex with minor without paying jailed twitterurl
I'm having a really bad weird itching reaction on my chest. . fucccccccck it's irritating man
messup of the day man this is as real as shit gets
For android users,can download running man by downloading the dailymotion app first
Man who engaged under age prostitute then left without paying jailed 7 months twitterurl
Nightmare find caught on camera: Man discovers female stranger living in his own home twitterurl
Can't believe Singtel Mio Stadium is actually showing porn. Man City is raping Spurs
Hopefully I'll be able to stop accidentally referring to Manchester City as Man Financial.
PRC man caught secretly taking photos of a girl on the train twitterurl
Loafing with Syirin, Man and Hazrul (@ Perpustakaan Cendekiawan w/ 3 others) [pic]: twitterurl
She make me wanna figure out who gone be my best man ..
PM Lee uploads photo of him with a man believed to be married. twitterurl
I'm in love with Sad Song whoever is Tae One THUMBS UP MAN AWESOME SONG
Fuh bayern real and man utd playing tonight its gonna be fun
Youths seeking $10 donations hit man on face for taking photos of them twitterurl twitterurl
PM Lee uploads photo of him with a man believed to be married | New Nation twitterurl
This man cannot feel fear ... because he has no adrenaline twitterurl twitterurl
Weather too hot? Man buys ice cream at mall in colourful underwear twitterurl
Are you finding relationship?? ??? Of course not. Ive definitely had enough man twitterurl
got business accounting extra class at 8 omfg I'm frkn exhausted man
anyone wanna eat at JP today I am craving for beef fried rice man.
This Indian man came out of nowhere..said that the company he's working for cheated him..
Man In The Mirror (Tribute) featuring Laura (Germany) & Reev (Philippines) twitterurl
Citizen Journalism Awards Month 3: Honest man returns wallet -- with an even bigger surprise twitterurl twitterurl
Singing ANTM song with Rico all day man HAHA you wanna be on top~
Whoa the girl in "the next karate kid" is hot man
[ST] Man feared to have drowned near East Coast Park, search operation ongoing twitterurl
Tua Jiak will eat Ang Huey out of house and home, man
CBS > Orlando man wins his 2nd Florida Lotto jackpot twitterurl #news
Love aggravating my man???? lol Have so much fun with him.
You think the world revolves around you ah? No fucking way man
And my foot is hurting idk why I didn't even injure myself man what iz diz
i just hope puteri and rino can get along well. its not easy, man.........
Even when kena punch also run. What kind of man issit
[ST] Man found dead outside the Swissotel The Stamford hotel twitterurl
screw the person who is pretending to be me on jh askfm man
Craving for too much food at one go. Really is too much choices man
I'm waiting for the air con man to come deliver my remote control.
taec being obsessed with okcat is like being obsessed with yourself man hahaha
CR7 "twitterusername Man of the match Real Madrid 7-3 Sevilla adalah _______ . #HalaMadrid
Last night was watching running man with jimblack and.... see, i told u it was funny!!
Alltop RSS > Man sneezes out bullet after being shot twitterurl #photography
Man admits to fatally stabbing cousin's wife and her four kids in #NewYork twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Get your shit together and man the fuck up please."
Shall rewatch first few ep of running man now since i'm bored
What song makes you feel happy? ??? single ladies / remady ft man-u twitterurl
Is it OK to be missing a man I've never met
fuck off man dont give me that bullshit. whatever happened wasn't my fault
??twitterusername BREAKING: Man United star to leave in January. #MUFC twitterurl DAMN! kagawa's leaving.
Man behind Boon Tong Kee says he leads a simple life\
Thee feeling of not being able to do sports sucks man
Finally Man U do what they really got to do.. Much awaited skills from them
for the first time ever im watching Running Man right now, ok dont judge me.
i would kill a man to see fvk play bleed til sunrise
Game plan score 2 and assume our final 6 man defence.
Man sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training for stabbing fellow ex-inmate in the face twitterurl
Man gets 5 years' corrective training for stabbing fellow ex-inmate twitterurl
Previous RT hahaha y so funny Batman owned ya Super(dick)man
What should a real man be able to do? ??? Not cheat on his partner. twitterurl
Man dead, 3-year old boy in critical condition in new #Cambodia #birdflu cases\
[NST] Man charged with posting 'Anonymous' symbol on Singapore website twitterurl
how can I not love you guys man literally you guys make me smile :-) x
Rt twitterusername "Can't wait to hang with twitterusername , miss this fucker so much man."
What for when they don't appreciate. So much for this friendship,got to go man~
Oi!..... QT twitterusername "twitterusername grown man putting a female as his avatar smh" sewe
Man claiming to be Ailee's ex-BF allegedly tried to sell her nude photos twitterurl twitterurl
Main point y my mood get better now?cause of old man,lol
I like running man ep 171, i like to watch them working together
Man who claimed trial in online vice ring case given 4 months' jail twitterurl
Man no longer faces the gallows after killing taxi driver twitterurl
Watched a stupid news. A man actually sued his wife for being ugly.
Man charged with hacking Ang Mo Kio Town Council website twitterurl
[ST] Man charged for hacking incidents; More being investigated for PMO, Istana hacking twitterurl
(topix) Found Hiding in KL: Man who hacked Hsien Loong's website twitterurl
(sna) Man remanded by police for recent hacking incidents - report twitterurl
Man sentenced to 4 months??? jail for having paid sex with minor twitterurl
Hey man I see we have the same shirt from G2000 and that's totes cool yo
Caught on camera: Man steals statue of deity from Yishun temple\
U ARE SO STRONG I LOVE IT MAN ??? Yes i guess heh thank you twitterurl
Kendall and harry is just like haylor this needs to stop man
Worst staff ever -- she plays games on phone while man robs shop blind twitterurl twitterurl
The Man Show on twitterusername starting off with Green Day's Holiday!
"The Italian nobleman decides against doing business with an undiscerning man of poor taste like TK."
Photoset: luhan chen and sehun catching kwangsoo on running man twitterurl
Time to watch some online movies or the latest episode of running man. Goodnight all
Too bored until go disturb friend's sleep haha man I am so irritating hehe
"twitterusername A 95 year old man gives all of the advice he's learned. twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ya man, ain't nobody got time for em probation"
Helped an old man pushing his wheelchair to the counter. I'm a good boy.
Cafe. With this scenery. Just don't even try man cafe hopping wannabes twitterurl
Man the music written for doctor who is truly extraordinary and beautiful. A masterpiece.
MAMA > The Birth Of A Family > Running Man, best night of show tonight! I'm lovin it!
I love my O'Neil California state shirt man. #oneil #california twitterurl
Yeahhh ! RT "twitterusername cant wait for running man tonight!! top omg"
Man involved in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange expected to face more charges twitterurl twitterurl
Man jailed for stabbing friend with a pair of scissors twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
No idea why I continued watching Pretty Man.... Their names are sure.... WEIRD.
A Man Discovers He???s Sitting With ???Kids??? He Saved From Nazis (VIDEO) twitterurl
(today) Man who threatened to leak nude photo of ex gets probation twitterurl
Man jailed for stabbing friend with a pair of scissors twitterurl twitterurl
Demolition Man: Why does Fab???s CEO keep building Companies that suddenly implode twitterurl
Chose to watch Man utd match over studying for test tmr .
(sna) VIDEO: Man acted violently against old lady begging for money in Toa Payoh twitterurl
Religion? ??? they cut my ding dong so I can become a man twitterurl
Been a long since i watched such an exciting game. Man United 2-2 Spurs #GGMU
Suthep, a condemned man. "No negotiation, no compromise" said Suthep to Yingluck. twitterurl
It aint nuthin like a Man doing ya Hair n Feet ! Lol
This old man have amazing hand writing. @ Hunan Country Cuisine twitterurl
Watching Undisputed II: Last Man Standing (with Shandy and Danielboy) ??? twitterurl
There was a man who was standing on the mrt train :O
523 see you gettin hoes lil nigga you the man but you cool peeps
;_; RT twitterusername xiumin biased let us all have a hug for this man twitterurl
What the heck is hara doing, joining exo-k on running man????
To Help During Shutdown, Man Mows Lawn Around Lincoln Memorial twitterurl
??twitterusername 21-year-old man allegedly used toy gun to rob woman of valuables twitterurl Swag
[ST] Kazakhstan man charged with robbing Japanese woman; used a toy gun twitterurl
Kazakhstan man charged with robbing Japanese woman; used a toy gun twitterurl
A sinful man receiving mercy from God is amazing. Words can't describe how good He is!
Man trapped in waist-deep water after falling into hole at Bt Batok twitterurl #Singapore
Man strips naked at airport, challenges pilot to fight and urinates against wall\
Jango Fett: I'm just a simple man, trying to make my way in the universe.
Sole Man - Viberg Boot x WanderWonder on Surface Asia. #surfacemagazineasia #wanderwonder #viberg twitterurl
[We???SG] : Chinese man jailed for pimping teen in Singaporesg.finance.yahoo.comA Singapore court Thu... twitterurl #singapore
watching taecyeon and hyukjae dancing so enthusiastically and then there's kris with his man skirt
If Man was given free will, then why is he/she punished for having free will?
Two sentenced to jail for hurting man who died of his injuries twitterurl
twitterurl Fashion photographer Terry Richardson is a creepy, dirty old man? Who would've thunk?
Just finished watching Running Man ep 166. And it's about the upcoming drama The Heirs. Cooool
Fuck, totally wrong time to set my phone to default man...
Man jailed 7 years for having anal sex with underage girl, 29 years younger twitterurl #Singapore
Omg boyslikegirls and running man in Singapore. And here I am missing out on everything.
Running Man has arrived in Singapore and seems to be headed to VIP terminal.. #runningmansg #rminsg
"Lay: I wish to go on We Got Married. We got Married or Running Man."\
The Running Man Race Start! In Singapore press con is starting soon! #RunningManInSG twitterurl
STOMPer's plea: This man made off with family's dog from Sembawang home twitterurl twitterurl
And I'm off to school again. Being keykeeper is hard work man for real.
hah...put a w1n start button there...but doesn't really help in anything man
Goodnight Fad:)) Ajak the rest movie soon k RT twitterusername twitterusername goodnight ns man.
love you, you crazy man. Trending first #worldwide #HappyBirthdayTommyJoe tommyjoescissorhands?? twitterurl
Still missing this man, who brought up Singapore so well. twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Off job #2 up on the phone with d.marie this girl need help man
I need to catch up with some football la tonight. Got man utd match not?
Running man members are giving out hugs to their fans #RunningManInSG
gonna fight 3rd gym already...oh man,the cave before that giving me a hard time
Lol! "twitterusername There is a Running Man in town ah? How many kilometres he running?"
Aiya sian why this week Running Man the quality so lousy one.
Man fined for criminal intimidation and causing hurt twitterurl via twitterusername
??twitterusername Can they not ask me to shave my beard??? REAL MAN DONT SHAVE
Hehehe your height so cute ??? Not cute at all man. I feel like a dwarf :') twitterurl
Marvels just teasing man... the part where Bucky catches the shield. Wlaooooooooo
CBS > Man live-tweets details of ex-NSA chief's phone calls twitterurl #news
Woodlands spitting incident: Man sent for psychiatric evaluation, faces 4 charges twitterurl
I really don't mind Shinji kagawa leaves Man Utd to join Borrusia Dortmund
It's ok! :) thanks!!??twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday man! Ps dint wish ya earlier HAHAH???
My bun survived the day yay! Its sooooo cooling to have all the hair up man
Man throws used tissue paper on vehicle windshield at hospital car park twitterurl  twitterurl
Shift ended!!! Wearing Man Utd Jersey by coincidence with dammahum DAYUMNNNN! twitterurl
'Spitting incident' at Woodlands Interchange: 47-year-old man involved arrested twitterurl twitterurl
[INFO] Running Man News Write-up on "The Straits Time: Life" (Short intro of HAHA) twitterurl
Man who spat on woman at Woodlands Interchange to be charged for Public Nuisance twitterurl twitterurl
Man in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange to be charged in court twitterurl
Man jailed for pocketing $243,650 and giving false address to loanshark twitterurl twitterurl
Man i hate it when this kind of feeling just come and ruined my mood.
Did I just heard games of throne ost in running man, #runningman168
OMGGGG TOPPPPP RT twitterusername FML TOP !! RT ??RunningmanEng: Upcoming Running Man episode 170 (cont) twitterurl
[COVERAGE] Running Man "sabo" their way through their first Singapore fan meeting twitterurl
After Bling ring, gonna watch a haunted house, dead man down and kick ass 2.
I agree "twitterusername #Bolehland is more known for its man made disasters than natural disasters."
Singapore not safe liao Another slashing case at Woodlands. Wtf man? twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Im glad Allah took a man like you away from me.
And not to forget,Man City vs Everton. Must watch match.
Hopefully yayi is fine. Um im sure he is. He is a strong man ???
is it me or is everyone here a rich business man
Running Man 19 October 11am at Jurong Point autograph session :D\
"twitterusername If I had one wish, it would be to be with you" yes man. Sigh
[ST] Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man twitterurl
Man who slapped crying toddler on plane pleads guilty to assault in US court twitterurl
"twitterusername Man is free in his imagination, but bound by his reason - Israel Lipkin #quote"
the carpet cleaning man came in this morning and called us all hoarders
"twitterusername Woah i miss graduation day during my seconday school man"
Man caught allegedly taking upskirt pics at Dhoby Ghaut MRT twitterurl twitterurl
Man crushed to death by 5,000kg of grapes in Spanish wine producing region twitterurl
Alltop RSS > Pedophile or Street Tog? Toronto Police on Lookout for Man Photographing Kids twitterurl #photography
To achieve financial freedom you have to stop being like 'mediocre man' and cease mindless spending.
(yahoo) SAF says man shouting in Northpoint library is not a commando twitterurl
[Y!] SAF says man shouting in Northpoint library is not a commando twitterurl
And I can't stand to see another man making you smile.
Running man, The master's sun & Her legend. I NEED TO CATCH UP WITH THE EPISODES!
1 more hour omg what is studies what is SA2 man
OMG... Man city really win 3-1.... Should have asked someone ....
Simple aja : Yes, you're a warrior but you're not a man
realised i got an extra tooth inside. yucks. it hurts man.
"twitterusername Yoo jaesuk likes Teen Top!! Now it's time to get them on running man!!"
Engineers create world's first ??bionic man" using artificial organs and limbs twitterurl
Man city extending their stadium capactiy? Bitch please. Always empty still want extend.
ok gonna watch GDAERI's Running Man on TV while doing my music cleanup.
[ST] Jail, caning for 6 men who beat unemployed man to death twitterurl
Ahh fuck it man seriously. I'm just gonna go and play soccer tonight haha
This man may be in danger if the lorry driver jams on the brakes twitterurl twitterurl
Man allegedly threw hot tea at female employee after argument at cafe twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Man.... you have to admit.. Lee Min Ho is so dam good looking.. wtfffffff"
14 year old girls thinking their life is hard and what not fuck off man
Citizen Journalism Awards: Heroes take down man who allegedly took upskirt pics of woman twitterurl twitterurl
Describe twitterusername :) ??? Man with strong determination. Know what he want and fight for it twitterurl
one last song before work #np the script -the man who cant be moved :3
Man allegedly threw hot tea at female employee after argument at cafe\
Honest man returns lost wallet -- but there's an even bigger surprise involved twitterurl  twitterurl
Just rmb today is Monday & there is running man to watch but.. assignment still haven finish -.-
ohwell time for my weekly fix of running man (featuring IU hehe)
Gonna buy new things just for WCAR mwahahah discounts man u gotta love it
And I still got in. im fated man to be in this line. lol
every single fucking movie intro(commercial.....) 15 mins what the fuck man
Kinda sad for not meeting the running man members when they were here.
I bet this man wondering why we all standing here watching him work kmsl
Today become delivery man. Lorry time! @ Woodlands Ring Secondary School twitterurl
Your stupid questions and your lame jokes seriously got to go man.
Too tired to function. Crazy man screaming and shouting downstairs. Ah. Yishun.
Now it's the finale with all the Running Man members performing Our Meeting together!! #RunningManinSG
The Running Man members are performing a medley of one another's songs!! #RunningManinSG
Chinese authorities arrest man accused of killing wife, six relatives twitterurl
After last night, im not gonna drink for a long time man
Really need to get over my burnt noodle HAHA I just sucks in cooking man SUCKS
The typical Man Utd comebacks is back. I take back what i said previously.
Januzaj gets all the tackling and got freekicks for man united!
Liverpool is fantastic tonight but credit man utd coming from behind to win the game :)
"twitterusername Alamak man utd win cannot kacau the fans" shut up la LiverFOOL
IPPT Man transforms into Singapore's very own World Diving Champion twitterurl
Just got back from plaza sing with the bros. Heaven for us man over there.
How can a 1-man-crew possibly shoot a documentary? #bollywoodlogic
IPPT Man transforms into Singapore's very own World Diving Champion twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
???No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying.??? - Unknown
Been pouring 3 days straight~ Man it's always super warm before it rains!!
Watching one piece & studying @ the same time totally gonna regret it man.
Man charged for stabbing girlfriend with scissors at Pasir Ris void deck twitterurl
Wtf is this thread doing inside my knee!!!  WTF MAN. twitterurl
My mama said its 2 things in life you never share, yo toothbrush and yo man!!
rey mysterio unmasking himself, and i just cant..... undoubtedly charming man i must say!
Damn china man and pinoy just now in the train so disgusting hahahahah sial
Alltop RSS > Brazilian Calvin Klein Hot Man Marlon Teixeira Me Come twitterurl #photography
What have you learned from your past? ??? Do not trust man easily twitterurl
gonna learn how to play say something on the piano man im obsessed
[MOVIE] The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014... twitterurl
Malaysian man who bashed then-pregnant teen wife sorry for assault twitterurl twitterurl
You wont receive any call from me ever again i swear man.
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Flume (20), Sam Smith (18) & Magnetic Man (17) twitterurl
[TNP] Man in wheelchair holds up bus for three hours twitterurl
Tltltl I know RT twitterusername twitterusername lol arg man.. That's a leaked DM
Fuck man rain means poolside air on sure kena reduce which is gonna be fucking hot
Can the train just shut the door and move fucking slow man
Idris Elba lookin a lil rugged but whew that man is a fine piece of chocolate
Man stabbed friend with ice pick after accusing him of stealing his mobile phone twitterurl twitterurl
Prison death of Cleveland man who kidnapped three women for a decade ruled as suicide twitterurl
Man United match in 3 and a half hour time. Gonna take a nap
Awsome. The 18-Year Old Man United Muslim Player, Adnan Januzaj is in the pitch.
And then Man U haters are laughing... Korang rilek je k ??
I was wondering... What has Fellaini been doing since he entered Man United?
Wounded Syrian Man Shot in the Heart by Sniper   Best Gore twitterurl
This man is dressed dapper as fuck! Excluding a blazer but still looking sharp.
Man who allegedly robbed woman with knife at Geylang Bahru arrested twitterurl twitterurl
Should have kept 99 bucks for the fucking tab man pfft
Man who allegedly robbed woman driver at knifepoint in Geylang Bahru open carpark arrested twitterurl twitterurl
Walkie talkie, cheese grater, man-eating amoeba. Also known as buildings.  twitterurl
Cop Accused of Killing Man Who Longed To Be Killed and Eaten\
A well dressed man just dropped his iphone and shouted oh fuck gahahaha
I'm so gonna get fucked by alcohol man I foresee it coming
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014
IT'S OUT LEGGO "twitterusername Running man needs to faster come out:P"
i cant wait to leave sec school man ughh one more year next year endure
Oyah clan gang pe?. ??? Haha, lol no man. We're just a group of friends. :) twitterurl
In another 8 months' time, Running Man will be 4 years old.
Ask mir so many questions about army. Haha. Lucky he one patient man.
Man jumps to his death after girlfriend insists they continue shopping twitterurl via twitterusername
#LittleIndiaRiot: Man seen asking rioters to stop violent behaviour twitterurl twitterurl
400 people riot in Singapore's Little India after man killed by bus twitterurl
what to do today : eat muruku, watch running man, buy miracles in december(must)
I need rest man after this week i am done done and done
The weed man is texting me his life story nigga idgaf
holy fk this riot no joke man its an actual riot not those pussy ones
30th man jailed for having paid sex with Singaporean minor twitterurl
i heard media says moyes will compare sneijdel with kagawa? oh man kagawa is young talent...
Fucking shit. I wonder who reports strength to that woman. Gtfo man.
[CNA] 35th man to be charged over Little India riot twitterurl
Regular ed classes must be so easy man I can't even imagine
[ST] Man in his 60s found dead along Gambas Avenue twitterurl
twitterurl this is the man that is my everything isnt he perfect?
Not a lot of girls can put up with me for 73 days man that's crazy
i do missed my Paris man. Missed that time that we was tengok bulan together @ PD
Oh man. Great dinner. Waahhhhhh. Just a little something something for you guys.. twitterurl
Grey-coloured hair like that troublemaker man  is kinda hot too keke
[TNP] Man who filmed Little India mob: I thought about saving woman in bus twitterurl
(sna) Man brandishing a samurai sword in MRT terrifies commuters and police twitterurl
I think I really have a thing on babies man. Not a pedofile or something tho....
REALLY? RT twitterusername HA?! RT twitterusername Are you guys serious? Vixx will be on running man?!
What the fuck is wrong with this samurai man?!! Can i meet him in person.
Knocked Out A Record For Da Homie twitterusername Man! He MURDERED!! #IAintPerfect #WORK #GodIsGood
Inches from death: Watch this man dodge an oncoming car like a ninja twitterurl
Eyewitness Reports: Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl
Not sure if cosplay or for real, but man with 2 swords spotted on train! twitterurl
stop bringing god's name in everything you do man you sound so fake to me
we live in exciting times. enjoy this while it lasts man
Old man struck by lightning -- then gets up and walks away like nothing happened twitterurl twitterurl
I'm not a smart man... but I know what love is.
Life is boring that i need dramas and running man to entertain myself.
We need to meet up over coffee and ciggs soon man twitterusername
"twitterusername twitterusername be careful later ah gua" oh man I love ah Gua
One-man helpline got 200 calls in three days twitterurl #Singapore
I never understood how someone gets "bullied." Man up and you'll be fine
pft not the end of the world man paranoia at it's best
You gotta hear Hey brother by avicii man. On replay since morning
"RIP to her vagina" everytime i see a female with a bigger man. Big,not fat.
Crying man omg both of them happy till they cry feel so happy for them twitterusername
Man this plastic screen on my case shit is annoying. It gets dirty to easy
Man involved in Woddlands bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty twitterurl twitterurl
Has Tang Wei broken up with man she was caught kissing in public? twitterurl twitterurl
U bullshitting me RT twitterusername how to keep your man or your girl twitterurl
Man in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange in October says he will plead guilty twitterurl twitterurl
Police arrest 40-year-old man for Sengkang East Way snatch theft twitterurl
(asiaone) Man climbs through a bedroom window, risks falling five floors in rape attempt twitterurl
Man climbs through a bedroom window, risks falling five floors in rape attempt: ???????? twitterurl
Arsenal want to sign Bayern Munich forward Mario Mandzukic and former Man United forward Dimitar Berbatov.
Man Utd starting lineup: De Gea; Rafael,Vidic,Evans,Evra; Valencia,Carrick,Cleverley,Giggs;Januzaj,Welbeck
[Modmyi] Popular PAC MAN Game on App Store Given 'App of the Week' Title, Goes Free
Man in Australia endures painful hospital visit after large cockroach burrowed into his ear twitterurl
??twitterusername Mondays arent really bad man you just dont smoke enough weed.???
Man probed for making racially insensitive remarks under "Heather Chua" account twitterurl #Singapore
gonna get Creamier before heading back to IJ. man I miss IJ so much!!!
[TRE] Man under investigation for making racially insensitive remarks: Police are investigating a 2... twitterurl #singapore
Man probed for making racially insensitive remarks under "Heather Chua" account #Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername
Yay!!! RT twitterusername Baro and Seo In Guk confirmed to appear on 'Running Man'
man, the selangor team has fantastic passes how are the boys going to even.
Lex Luthor said "The president? A foolish, faceless man..." lol. That's deep
Literally breakdown and cry together with this man. Stay strong my boy, ily. x twitterurl
Clearly I am the best man ha ha fuck off la goodnight
(asiaone) Man arrested for flinging chairs onto road in Bedok twitterurl
Kinda busy & my busy schedule has obstructed me from visiting my dear man. Cepat sembuh.
Nike and adidas battle for Man United's new ??70m-a-year kit deal twitterurl via twitterusername
[CNA] Man jailed 7 years for raping cousin 14 years ago twitterurl
Oh man I miss my reporter ash no one to whinge toi
he's beautiful, baby and I , Love rain, Pretty Man .  Jang Geun Seuk always!
Alltop RSS > Man runs into burning home to save his Xbox twitterurl #photography
[PICS] Running Man EPI 182 with Guest Siwan,Dohee & Yeo Jin Goo - [2] twitterurl
I should be at home sleeeeeeping not hereeeee cmon man its sunday.
"i found you died alone along long time ago.." -The man who sold the world
you need to man up and stop ranting about your relationship problems here dude
Its annoying to see my tl was filled with the same tweet. Come on man!!
Indian man attempts world record for speed typing -- with his nose twitterurl twitterurl
Can't wait to get back camp . I need to watch running man .
Also, the Liberal Islam concept is a joke it's not that complicated man. See "Mu??tazilah".
Running man daebak. Ep187 w uni students crossing han river. And ep188 in australia rich af.
What the hell got hot didn't melt only man above me is god himself
seriously man just move out of the house already fucking burden bitch
AsiaClassifiedToday: Video: Idaho man leads expedition to Myanmar peak - The Spokesman Re... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Cant wait for next week's running man! Bi rain and kim Woo Bin... arghhhhh!!!!
Cheena looking man beside me blasting death metal through his headphones
twitterurl twitterusername yet greaseball .......man i rather think i hit a landmine following this dude
[ST] Man arrested for alleged cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino twitterurl
two punny answers in a row man that's a record awwyisss
Never gonna leave you man i love you muak muak twitterusername twitterurl
30yr old man arrested at MBS Casino for alleged cheating twitterurl
really hope I able to go man. no one back out pls
McSpicy after a long day of camp activities omg this is life man
My man pride is stopping me from taking the first step.
[CNA] Man jailed 30 months for molesting 13-year-old boy twitterurl
Man arrested for attempting to bribe 4 police officers at Ang Mo Kio twitterurl
Every man can be a solider, but not every solider can be hero.
Man jailed 12 months for molesting teen and 22-year-old woman twitterurl
(today) Man jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe SCDF officer twitterurl
NIGGA & 2010 ??twitterusername Man 2012 was such a crazy year on twitter lmfaooo???
Thanks man! Yes I am! ??twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday ammar! Coming training later????
Happy birthday bro. Miss ya alot man. Have a blast????? twitterusername
already waited for 1 year 2 months ... what is 2 weeks man HAHAHAHA
Aww ??twitterusername Ignore th disgusting couple, but Awww look @ th old man, :') ???? twitterurl
Miss world married a russian oligarch,a powerful man that are connected to mafia and government
One man in England trying to save his house from the floods twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
It feels amazing that the man you love is pushing you towards working for your dreams. ??????
umi asked me to go to d night market.....i hate crowded place man
Man startles passersby as he takes tiger for a walk in #Henan park twitterurl twitterurl
Football: Man Utd legend Paul Scholes helps train budding footballers in Singapore twitterurl twitterurl
Kwang Soo being so damn hilarious in the latest episode of running man hahahah
[ST] Indranee stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl
Fucking sot now this fucker is fucking asking for it man.
So fucking tired with life man, I don't wanna die but I'm tired
Love watching the man came from the star even though haven watch finish.
Indranee Rajah stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl #Singapore
Being a gay man doesn't mean you can touch a woman without permission, my boy.
Indranee Rajah stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl twitterurl
I got stains worst den a smoker LOL - EPIC HILARIOUS - NO MORE TEA MAN
"You can't have a man look at you for 5s, without you being insecure." snurafiqah twitterurl
[CNA] Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges twitterurl
Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges  twitterurl
??twitterusername Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges  twitterurl
Oh man. Need to confirm my availability for work by today. Totally forgot about it yesterday.
Wah I really really really wanna go Korea man. I'm gonna spend like mad there HAHA
[ST] Man charged in court for allegedly attacking and molesting woman in West Coast twitterurl
[ST] Police appealing for next-of-kin of man who passed away twitterurl
Police looking for next-of-kin of deceased man twitterurl #Singapore
Ah man that girl is cute and it's my second time seeing her hahaha so cute
US man kills stepfather with classic bully manoeuvre known as the ??atomic wedgie??? twitterurl twitterurl
Man Struck, Killed on Train Tracks While Posing for Photo in Auburn, WA twitterurl #photography #arts
i love the weather and everything but damn man sometimes its too cold
seems like its a big occassion for Man Utd la bila Mata masuk.
Police arrest 47-year-old man for spate of cashcard thefts in Hougang twitterurl
[ST] Police arrest 47-year-old man for spate of cashcard thefts in Hougang twitterurl
Man probed for making racially insensitive remarks using moniker "Heather Chua" twitterurl #Singapore
??twitterusername Dutch man accused of coercing around 400 children to perform sexual acts via webcam twitterurl
No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman.
Man probed for making racially insensitive remarks under 'Heather Chua' account twitterurl #Singapore
The man that owns the food restaurant Breaking Bad is the fucking realest.
Popeye the sailor man pon pon RT twitterusername Be careful what you say about spinach.
32-year-old man acquitted of murdering his own mother on grounds of temporary insanity twitterurl
(asiaone) Search underway for man who fell overboard passenger ferry twitterurl
Ang Mo Kio hawker arrested for slashing man with chopper twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Why am I turning into an old man why am I eating kek kukus
"twitterusername Ang Mo Kio hawker arrested for slashing man with chopper twitterurl twitterurl wow another one.
this chengding always so direct one sia walao eh walao man
My new boyfriend is qmosquitoe. I LOVE YOUR "LOVE BITE" MAN
New richest man in Asia on Bloomberg Index is Macau gambling tycoon twitterurl
"twitterusername YES twitterurl hey ma man, u got some leaves to share?
There's a drunk black man smoking on the bus ... Ttc is freaky
Please Man United, we need a win. Nemanja Vidic got a three-match banned.
"twitterusername RT if you can read.. twitterurl it easy my man
It's forever fun to be with Jerico Nigel Tolentino Songcuya. Blessed to have this guy man.
These Bitches Too! ??twitterusername These niggaz all clones man to many niggaz fakin #truth???
Sunderland will face Man City in the final of the Capital One Cup 2014.
Retweet my last retweet for a chance to help a young man make his dream happen!
So Mata going to Man United to help in their relegation battle?
Appeal for next-of-kin: Unidentified man found at sea off St John's Island twitterurl #Singapore
I should start finding a job like at a small cafe or smtg man.
Watching running man in office make me sounds like I am having asthma. Lol.
Liar. According to The Kindly Man, A Feast for Crows, Game of Thrones. twitterurl
one of the funniest pix from last night hahahahaha i love these idiots man twitterurl
Will u ever come to singapore bro? Wanna see you live man! twitterusername
Happy birthday twitterusername may allah bless you and all the best man #hidupsirjamesfranco
Fuck this,i cried man really cried. This was like heartbreaking moment ever
Man united keep losing thats why you extra cranky ah my bladeerrrr. See you later twitterusername ???
Damn itp week 2 tmr. Still got a long lo g way to go man
Make your passion your profession, man. RT twitterusername Ugh fk it then. Accounting it shall be.
Ohuwah ~ man he should totally never have a clean shave *u* twitterurl
''Naruto Shippuuden - Jiraiya is dead: twitterurl via twitterusername the nostalgic moments plus the feels man
You definitely need to grow the fuck up and mature up man,naive and short tempered.
When a Man Is Tired of Wingsuit Videos, He Is Tired of Life ... twitterurl #photojournalism
I havent bought any food yet man. If got time I go buy uh
its annoying, i thought u were capable what the fuck man.
Oh my god I've been watching running man the whole night.
Oh man this is the second last week I'll see that girl in the train. >.<
I only want to text someone I like not randoms man
I swear if man utd losses this match they deserve it stoke played damn well
Haha abah was laughing when he told me man utd lost 2-1 #MoyesIN
#NowPlaying ?? Fanfare For the Common Man / WORKS VOLUME 1 (ELP????????) - Emerson, Lake & Palmer twitterurl
I must look extra Asian today, a Chinese man just asked if I am Chinese mix.
(today) Police looking at CCTV footage after elderly man found near track twitterurl
Oh man I just thought of something that might be super sweet! HEHEHEHE
(asiaone) Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl
Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl #Singapore
Man Utd Starting XI:  De Gea, Jones, Smalling, Evans, Evra, Young, Carrick, Cleverley, Mata, Rooney, RvP.
Elderly man found unconscious near MRT tracks at Expo station twitterurl
Will Donnie Yen return in iconic role for Ip Man 3? twitterurl twitterurl
"When you a man, action is what's expected" - twitterusername That's a hard line right there.
i haven't recovered from confident and now, it's midnight memories. fuck man.
Yes man??twitterusername Y'all ever blacked out from smoking too much????
Man jailed four months for attacking victim with broken light tube twitterurl
She was stalking me and followed me by mistake. Cooooh man :)
(yahoo) Man punches Singapore Singer in the face. How she responds is incredible twitterurl
Man gets 21 months' jail, 3 strokes of the rotan for punching, kicking girlfriend twitterurl #Singapore
Man arrested for sending live mealworms, joss paper to Jam Hsiao twitterurl
yep being called 16 again...haiii this is very annoying IM 31 MAN 31
Unemployed man gets 21 months' jail and 3 strokes for punching and kicking GF twitterurl twitterurl
Terrific panel discussion and engaged audience at yesterday's screening of Menstrual Man! twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Taiwanese man who mailed bullets to PM Lee jailed 55 days twitterurl
You have no idea what I'm capable of doing man, you have no idea
"twitterusername This 102 year old man has driven the same Rolls Royce for 82 years.\
This bus driver need to maintain his attitude with the passenger man..
Man removes sandals and dozes off at Toa Payoh bus stop twitterurl twitterurl
My hatred towards that muka anjing is really overwhelming fuck man make me so angry
Man jailed four months for attacking victim with broken light tube twitterurl twitterurl
Gonna watch two episodes of running man tonight back to back.
#lifestyle #news: China executes man for raping, murdering 'sex slaves???: He 'repeatedly raped??? six ... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Man jailed for four months for slashing neighbour with keris in insecticide row twitterurl
[ST] Jobless man jailed four years for passing knife to coffeeshop brawl 'murderer' twitterurl
dionne ng u should have applied for the hangout cam man
For what is a man, what has he got, if not himself then he has naught
Nemanja Matic made Yaya Toure looked weak,and was the man of the match!
Oh man I'm so damn sleepy but I've got so much to write by tonight.. :(
Can't sleep. Shall watch a movie while waiting for the man.
i always wake up with a temp dry and sore throat i hate it man
hantar msg kat org then kuar syntax error. this is bugs man. bugs
Walaowey, another big game at 4am. Man City v Chelsea. Kirim salam lg suaaa!!!
I want to be a man who can afford to buy anything I want.
And damn nice seeing twitterusername after so long fk man hang soon
Football: I'm lucky to still be playing, says Man United's Fletcher twitterurl
So what if Flea played air guitar during the super bowl halftime? He's legendary man.
This slimming gel seriously... burning my skin/fats... better works man hahahahah damn HOTTTTTT
Man of the match should be gary cahill. His doing a superb job in defence
The only one time I've seen my man ran after me HAHAHAHAH
Nah i aint feeling this yet. I need my food man. twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial twitterurl
Stop your bullying and be a man ??? The hell did i bully??? twitterurl
IM done watching pretty little liar man..I don't want to know who is A anymore
when you find him ask if he has a friend ??twitterusername Where's my man???
Fck lah i wanna watch man utd vs liverpool at 9.30pm.
Still got another half. Honestly, not gonna expect anything good from Man U.
Dad,don't fucking change the story man sheesh I didn't lose if
Because there just one man I be cheering for ...and he will be back next week
Is there DVD stores which sells Running Man all episode DVDs?
Lol??twitterusername If nigga eat your pussy and he ain't ya man then you a hoe???
howww could u not have a girl crush on nora danish man how could uuuuuu
Drinks stall worker arrested after slashing man at food centre at Blk 628 Ang Mo Kio
I'm happy to have such awesome friends, I love them alot man
I feel like giving on jpsae alrdy. Fuck those essays man. Damn lazy to do it.
Not gonna stress the man bout this. I'll find my way. Susah2 tembak je.
Gonna be an awesome new year man I can feel it
There is so many movies I wanna watch!!! Omg come on what is working man sigh
Search and rescue operation underway after man falls overboard near Kusu Island twitterurl
I hope tara dnt plan on bringing no man home to that Couch lml
"They can never cultivate a man. They just go for someone else's." #BeingMaryJane"
[ST] Man accused of stabbing his mother to death acquitted in rare case twitterurl
No mood to do anything... even LoL. What is wrong with me man.
Running Man cast head to Australia with Rain and Kim Woo Bin twitterurl twitterurl
[PICS] 140224 Running Man Filming - HAHA & GARY in the same team??? [2] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
??????~?????????!! ?????&??????^^ RT twitterusername Wah, I just Running with the Man.. Lol twitterurl
"twitterusername OUT NOW! Running Man Episode 186 English subs (twitterurl || twitterurl
hoh gosh where have i been omg i've missed like tons of running man episodes
Siala man abeh cui!!!!! RT twitterusername This girl beside me the tattoo very nice
[PICS] 140224 Running Man Filming ??? So cute!!!^^ (CR: owner of the photo) twitterurl
Most prolly,not gonna shower the whole day! Embracing my off day already man!
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Rumning man after so long???beeg after so long??? astaghfirullah al azim
Without This Man Im Nothing In DHL Supply Chain Life Skill .. twitterurl
"twitterusername Man fined for slamming teen's head against arcade machine for beating him at racing game"\
[ST] Man fined $5,000 for slamming teenager's head against arcade game machine twitterurl
(today) Man jailed for threatening to post nude photos of women online twitterurl
smu u're not gonna accept so many people, so chill with your promos man.
I was a user of it man! "twitterusername RIP Facebook Messenger for Windows \
Man accused of kidnapping supermarket boss' mother deemed fit to make plea twitterurl twitterurl
Man accused in Sheng Siong kidnap case deemed fit to make plea twitterurl
WHATTTT?? You're leaving radio twitterusername We will miss you over the air man!
hahaha I love that Charles Cave listens to metal too, see you on 22nd March man
This guy used to be my favourite man utd young player twitterurl
Man admits killing ex-girlfriend by setting her on fire twitterurl
WATCH: Man apparently run over by horses at Singapore Turf Club race twitterurl twitterurl
shit man their schedule 15th .. so got chance they leave on 13 or 14th -_-
yeah man we know where we stand you dont have to pretend
So, man utd lost again. Why am I not surprised anymore?
Man gets run over on by race horses at Singapore turf club twitterurl
Man climbed through a bedroom window and risked falling five floors in rape attempt twitterurl twitterurl
Man needs to charge his phone -- so he does it at MRT station power outlet\
And i hear the #GGMU song by the Man United spectators :D
Iron Man real job in real life. [Photo] #CdC #COMMIdesCOCHONS #COMMI #COCHONS twitterurl
how does one look fucking adorable when he or she laugh man\
Man City & Arsenal got their revenge in FA Cup last weekend. Hah...
"twitterusername Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall twitterurl
Watching running man. This is the episode that twitterusername showed me. Hahahah!
Ready to go abroad and get a winning match against man. City. #ViscaBar??a 6-0!
LOL "twitterusername Someone should tell the Barcelona fans they're playing Man City not United twitterurl
Less than 30 minutes akmal will be 20 kihkih no more teenager for u man
??twitterusername Don't be mad because Im comfortable with Allah being my judge and not a man???
fuck I'll be buying it & I'll still be single af too lmao hiding out man twitterusername
[CNA] Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse twitterurl
3 years ago today that Amish man pulled your hair hahaa  twitterusername
(today) Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse twitterurl
[ST] Man filmed stopping SBS Transit bus along Serangoon Road arrested twitterurl
Happy birthday man! Have a blast and ya takecare see you around :) twitterusername
[CNA] "Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause twitterurl
Cannot believe this man time flies so fucking fast ahh why time pri tk cepat
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Yes it is a dick brotherhood thingy HAHAHA" fuck man u guys.
Family appeals for info on crash that left man seriously hurt during OCBC cycling event twitterurl
Nepalese man jailed for cheating in Singapore casinos by marking cards twitterurl
Man who beat up commuter on bus identified and assisting in Police investigations twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Sixth man pleads guilty to amended charge in Little India riot twitterurl
[TODAY] ???Crazy??? man runs 1,300km in 31 days to encourage bone marrow donations twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed seven months for committing indecent act with 11-year-old girl twitterurl
Luxury car driver scolds man and hits his car with cardboard tube twitterurl twitterurl
Penang man turns mum's house into tourist attraction so people will visit her twitterurl twitterurl
Heavyweight man beats up much smaller guy at Jurong East twitterurl twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA, JONGKOOK, JIHYO, KWANGSOO & JAESUK [4] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA & JAESUK ??? [5] (CR: owner) twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA, GARY, JAESUK & SUKJIN [6] (CR: owner) twitterurl
CBS > Man electrocuted while taking photos of SoCal sunset twitterurl #news
Running Man is so funny!!! Baro damn cute la... De Kang Yewon is one useless sia
Fk la agger sakho and johnson out for todays match its gg man
What to get for a 22 years old man? Sigh. Someone help me please :(
Die already la ashiqin is going to marry(in shaa allah) a fat man(me) lol
I see much hatred towards Man Utd. 7th? We got 20.
Life-like sculpture of man sleepwalking in his underpants causes stir at US college twitterurl twitterurl
Heavyweight man beats up much smaller guy at Jurong East twitterurl #Singapore
Makan bareng (with ricoh, Puri, and 5 others at Waroeng Lamongan Cak Man) ??? twitterurl
Hopefully magically Man Utd will wake up during this 15 mins
Clint Eastwood turns real-life hero and saves man from choking twitterurl twitterurl
Great thanks to my man, for treating the rest of us to Astons ?????? twitterurl
Man United vs Fulham tonight on twitterusername Pre-show at 11.30pm. Kick-off at midnight. ?????
Downloading running man is taking so long . I need to get down and buy some food !!!
Skilled or 'sotong'? Man spotted driving with car bonnet up in Detroit twitterurl twitterurl
"The Devil is real. And he's not a little red man with horns and a tail."
Bkn paparazi gw mh the most elligable man 2014 dek~RT twitterusername Abng Paparazih (cont) twitterurl
The chalet pic is freaking me out man guys ... stop retweeting ><
Opponent all level 30 while my team comprises all the level 11, 17, 24.. wtf man
??twitterusername I realized I missed 3 weeks of running man already!!!??? Same same ??
Man risks life by sitting on air-con compressor outside Bukit Batok flat twitterurl twitterurl
Singapore man spends $52,000 to celebrate end of 6-year marriage twitterurl #Singapore
No thanks for the free phone. Mann no way man! Hello Moto! #onguard twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested after driving through Woodlands Checkpoint barrier: Police on Saturday evening a... twitterurl #singapore
FT: Sime Darby 0 - 2 Johor DT | West Brom 0 - 3 Man Utd #LuaskanKuasamuJohor #GGMU
You're trying to freak me up don't you? Haih. Poor you man.
[ST] Man fined $4,000 for stealing $1,800 DSTA laptop and deleting classified information twitterurl
Aggressive man gets tasered after attacking cops outside Woodlands flat twitterurl twitterurl
you keep coming out with good stuff twitterusername always a good job man
"twitterusername QR763 diverting to MAN follow twitterusername who will be listening in on the scanner.."
Wogh keren! RT twitterusername ini line-up running man asian dream cup? waw twitterurl
#FF Follow My Manager twitterusername Man We Really Got Something Epic Coming Soon!! #OhBoy #DCMG
"twitterusername Mac delivery man taking the train isit pfffts" cranky bby
Two good song in a row Cclown Destiny and MBlaq Be a Man
??twitterusername All to myself HEHE..kiddingggg twitterurl eh maria go cut your hair man!
The only way maj will stop crying lol love my big man... twitterurl
Aw yis free things for the Amazing Spider-Man 2 red carpet/press con! twitterurl
I think I'm allergic to my own perfume......... I kept sneezing today what even man
Watching She's The Man just cause its one of my all-time fav moviessss
"twitterusername Fucking miracle if man utd get through to semi finals" THISS
??twitterusername Who's your man of the match at Old Trafford tonight????\
"twitterusername Who is your Man of the Match?" Fellaini hahahaa mcm setan -_-"
A good one for Man United . Thanks to Vidic for his goal against Bayern .
Man acquitted of molest: I'll never go clubbing again twitterurl #Singapore
How misleading. Girls??? Generation???s Hyo-yeon hits man during scuffle twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[ST] Police looking for man in connection with theft at shopping centre twitterurl
Man falls off roof searching free Wi-Fi to play Cookie Run??twitterurl via twitterusername
Singaporean man sets himself on fire in JB twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[TODAY] Judge says role of impulse key in sentencing man who took upskirt videos twitterurl
Help me join the Google+ Hangout LIVE with the Spider-Man 2 Cast #Ad #Spon - twitterurl
Forlan asking Suarez to leave Liverpool for Man Utd.. What is he smoking over there? Lol..
The baristas in action. #aeropress #championship #coffee #CoffeeFix #coffeeaddiction @ Common Man?? twitterurl
Trippy: Video of a Man Walking Backwards Through Tokyo Played in Reverse twitterurl #photography #arts
Man, 57, arrested for allegedly stealing lorry parked in Chinatown twitterurl
fuck iphone 5 cable la cb really cannot last long man... changed it four times alr
Why r malay movies so mushy like wot the fok man
Man arrested over three 'random' stabbing attacks in Ang Mo Kio and Yishun twitterurl #Singapore
someone give this man a child please i'm sure he'll be a really good father ;w;
Man arrested for attacking 3 people  in AMK and Yishun. twitterurl
Man my hood rat ass car gonna get me pulled over
Singaporean man sets himself on fire in JB twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
second thoughts on whether ure not the one idek man i just
But why tdy man i tot results will be posted tmr
Man arrested for series of armed robberies in Jurong West twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for series of armed robberies in Jurong West twitterurl
Sufian Anuar 'Man Of The Match' for tonight's match against Pahang! 4-1! twitterusername twitterurl
Why is everyone not having school on friday I do..fak man
[TODAY] Man fined S$1.96m for evading duties on liquor twitterurl
Man arrested for series of armed robberies in Jurong West twitterurl #Singapore
The huddle on the pitch. Oh my goodness. Gerrard the man. "We keep going strong."
Hahahaha! Liverpool celebrated like they won already.. Still got Chelsea man! Chill idiots..
??twitterusername Paris that was amazing man so so much fun yaaay twitterurl NAWWW TRADLEY
[TOC] Man dies from injuries from self-immolation at Johor Baru: Image credit: China Press\
fuck man it's the fucking highway not some small ass lane,drive faster la
"Every man???s heart one day beats its final beat. His lungs breathe their final breath."
Lazy Shanghai man takes dog for walk -- while driving his BMW\
i need to get this shit done bfr 11 man oh damn
Damn I'm trying to keep calm for Lil man, but I'm bout to go crazy!!
Secret Trade: How One Man Got An iPad Air Weeks Before Apple Announced It [CultCast]
CBS > Watch: Courtroom outburst following guilty verdict against Iraqi man twitterurl #news
dont know what the fuck i'm supposed to feel but ok man whatever makes you happy
Not a soccer fan, but to all MAN U fans, have a great evening! ;) twitterurl
(CNA|sg) Man charged with being drunk, hurting police officer twitterurl
wtf martin performed with sander van doorn omfg he makes the best mixes man
??twitterusername I need someone to play with me naruto man...sigh??? online
Instagram better fix their shit man . Keep crashing for no fking reasons.
[NEWS] Weekend Variety Shows Head for Cancellations #Running Man twitterurl #PrayForSouthKorea
guys do your job properly man. don't give my dad a coronary
[ST] 23-year-old man suspected of molesting girl arrested twitterurl
Lol RT twitterusername yaz uzofa ??twitterusername That clown is sleeping. RT twitterusername Brother man twitterusername
??twitterusername Neymar acting the tough man until Pepe gets involved. twitterurl twitterusername
Lucu parah neh "twitterusername Neymar acting the tough man until Pepe gets involved. twitterurl
Gonna meet my man tomorrow omg omg omg I do miss him a lot weh.
Man charged with stabbing 62-year-old five times with scissors twitterurl twitterurl
[CNA] Man fined S$1.95m for importing duty-unpaid liquor twitterurl
[ST] Jail, fine, caning and driving ban for man who committed multiple offences twitterurl
Man in a uniform. Omg... so handsome. What a sight to see in the morning. =D
Ji you look hideous in those geeky specs, don't wear 'em man #reversepsychology #mylifeisruinedagn
F this laptop man, I designing halfway blue screen on me
My right foot hurts man but of course not as much as mad
Malaysian man arrested today for trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
[TODAY] M???sian man arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands checkpoint twitterurl
Man fishes right next to 'no fishing' sign at Lower Seletar Reservoir twitterurl twitterurl
So confirm giggs will temporary take over Man united the end of this season ? #GGMU
Dude your man is making a creepy face twitterusername RT twitterusername nooooooooo twitterurl
Just hoping for a better performance from man u for the 2nd half!!! #GGMU
AsiaClassifiedToday Man wins half marathon, dies in Argentina - twitterurl Inqu... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
I hope this surgery ink comes off soon... This man drew all over my boobs...
Fan of Running Man? You might be disappointed by this latest development twitterurl twitterurl
"My belief is that a man should always be making his woman feel beautiful.."
A man has got to bring the eggs and bread home for the family.\
Man In Black Muslim hee.. Try selfie sat hee @ Bumi Allah SWT twitterurl
man there's a lot of douchebags lookin @ me like i owe them sumthin. wtf
??twitterusername I wish i could be everything you wanted in a man??? girl*
Half-naked man caught uprooting plants at Bedok Reservoir Road twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Mentally ill man pleads guilty to culpable homicide for killing fellow cleaner twitterurl
Citysquare change alot man . I remember the shops and all and suddenly its gone .
No man! I'm gona stand from pioneer to paya lebar mrt ?!
There is a vid of him fucking a grapefruit what the fuck man COME ON GEEEEEZZZZZUUUSSSSS
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Is Good Enough You???ll Stick Around [Review]
I was fucking drunk man I didn't know I did all those crazy shit
If giggs take charge of Man U can he even play? LOL?!
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? yea. defonitely why not ? twitterurl
why cant i freaking start reading a book man.... the intros always bore me
a man can do a whole lot of living in 45mins.
LMAOOOOOO??twitterusername Man this storm getting too serious , I hope class canceled???
The Richest Man in Asia is selling everything in China twitterurl
Alot of definition of a good man, it depends on the individuals
twitterurl #ImSiWan  twitterurl sigghh I got a weakness with a man playing the piano ???.???twitterusername twitterusername
Man lost 400lbs with help from friend he met via Draw Something app - twitterurl
We're not boys anymore. So please treat us like a man.
Man uses phone while driving at Woodlands Checkpoint -- and almost loses control of car twitterurl twitterurl
The way this man ends an interview is epic twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Wtf is that creature thing next to the man with blue shorts twitterurl
RT twitterusername Man fails to return iPhone even after his photos are captured by app twitterurl
Steve Jobs???s FedEx Delivery Man Almost Saw The First iPhone Before It Was Announced twitterurl
Hahaha man really? RT twitterusername Iyi iPhone yinshinwa ifotora nka instagram app neza. #Facts "
RT twitterusername Why did the deaf man take his parrot to work? He was weird.
Iphone rosak screen, rm300 burn. Samsung rosak screen, rm100 je burn. Use ur brain man.
Man who used Find My iPhone accused of 'trespass via radio wave' twitterurl
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press: twitterurl twitterurl
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press  #apple #news
Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press  twitterurl
Stop it Samsung.. You lost to Apple.. Just sit down and take it like a man.
Man With World's Deepest Voice Can Hit Infrasonic Notes twitterurl #apple
Man, my shirt is freaking crumpled. I feel like such a bum.
Man brings bicycle into train -- oblivious to the stares he's getting twitterurl
To my fucking bro. HAPPY 19th FUCKING BIRTHDAY YOU MOTHERFUCKER. Love u loads man . :') twitterusername
Man City out to end 37-year winless streak against Arsenal | twitterurl twitterurl
See how many electronic goods this man grabs in 156 secs of free shopping twitterurl
"twitterusername Ingatkan siape,Nie pkm,wait u waittttttttttttttttttt" so matrep sak man.
Fad dah knock out . Playground nye slide pon boleh knock out siaa.. wtf man
"twitterusername GGMU, GGMU, glory glory man united, and the reds go marching on on on."
Officially Sick... Haaaaaaiiiiisssss. Man i'm burning up ???? one full package symptoms dia!
See how many electronic goods this man grabs in 156 secs of free shopping\
woohoo yonghwa appearing on 3 running man episodes in a row ^^ #bestguest
i just know tht one of my junior is also a shinchang o.o surprisingly man..
How could a man tergamak tanya about my sex life..bongok betul!!!
Damn it man i'm fucking lazy to go out buy my lunch.??
I feel sad when i see an old man sitting alone
Might be watching liverpool vs man utd match later at yew tee
even though i'm not your man, you're not my girl, i'm a call you my... shaaawwwwttyyyyy
Mom keep asking me about twitterusername and twitterusername .. We gotta hang sometimes man!
Happy Birthday Kyungsoo!! Thanks to Running man for introducing me Mr Girrafe :) #HappyKyungsooDay
He's not replying my txt man. Hais. Kate nk suro org teman!
AsiaClassifiedToday: 'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital - CNN Interna... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
dafuq no seriously putting their username as lee soo man........... i really don't get this.
Mum and siblings are watching running man and idk WTF is going on
If I play running man with Rui En I'll rip her bra off. Lol.
It's so fattening man. But I'm just going to eat up the cupcake okay. #yolo
man, it just sounds as if kuwait is being bullied by iraq
Ref it was a red card !! Last man challenge !! Wad r u thinking !!
If man u win , I am fucking going to disturb Haziq Matin :P
I really really really hate to say this but, this season Man U angkat uh.
FT - Man United 2-1 Liverpool | RvP 19', Vidic 54' - Sturridge 57'
Glory glory man united~ Howard Webb refereeing right? No need watch la. Confirm win already. HAHAHAHA.
Weep little lion man you're not as brave u was at the startttttt~
Ahhh i love watching the rivalry between Liverpool and Man Utd fans. Keep it going!!!
Now my baby is dancing, but she's dancing with another man.
Tallest man on earth- Bluebird fly. Sexiest song ever. I want his voice like right now.
Man with paranoid schizophrenia gets 12 years' jail for fatal stabbing twitterurl
Is this real? Video shows man finishing entire bottle of water in seconds twitterurl
Graphic video: Man gets electrocuted and dies after swinging on electrical pylon twitterurl
I'm going lowkey man y'all prolly won't hear from me for a min ..
Otw home from chalet.. Im freaking tired man.. And I got work later on.. Damn..
If i do 20 years this year i'll be an old man by then
My all time favourite tetap Chad Muska lah guys he's the man
David Becham is such a good looking man. God bless the parents who made him *.*
LOOK AT YOUR MAN twitterusername RT twitterusername Yesung looking cool with his fake tatts! #GDA2013 twitterurl
tuesday are my favourite day of the week because of running man :D
The main actor in Queen In-hyeon's man is not handsome but so charming! ??
You will not find a man like me.. Cause I'm the worst one ;))
Damn step seriously... You just wanna be one of them. What a changed man.
'#Elephant man' of Little India has leg four times the size of the other twitterurl
I exhume corpses, sell skulls, Ogun man jailed 8yrs tells court - Premium Times Nigeria twitterurl
Hahahahaha Running Man was so funny,especially when the stretch band hit Jong Kook's face.
Everyone listens like they have ear wax satu tong in the ear man sial la
Finding my man twitterusername after his work to do some CNY shopping. Leggo lo!
What fuck man am i doing inside this school hais bila nak ns ni
bumped into senior hidayah three times today! we are so fated man. HAHAHAH
shitty 3G from Singtel and my M1 number is still losing signal, what the hell man.
This man deserves a seat but he doesnt want haiyaya how now
Happy birthday in advance to twitterusername good buddies since pri sch love ya man ??
Korean police man uses instant messaging app to save 2 lives twitterurl
The hell? ??twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus twitterurl #punggoleast???
Running man is too damn funny. Laughing alone in my room ????
Freak man..early in the morning and I'm hiccuping like crazy-.-
Bangkok was the shit man omg i miss it so much
??twitterusername Hate awkward moments it's like killing me mentally man??? huge hint for twitterusername
this is the first time sleeping my bad mood away didn't work zzz that annoyed man
"twitterusername "Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep." -- Mahatma Gandhi"
??twitterusername twitterusername Bring her bacon cheese fries man.??? Id bring her anything she wanted!!!
Just how many episodes of Running Man have I missed. Must catch up.
This bad ass bitch talking bout she fresh outta jail I don't care man lmao
Man... I gotta arrange for a Me Day and zhao from office in the afternoon.
Second that! RT twitterusername Ryan Gosling is one fine man la.
As difficult to learn even more difficult to recognize one man -,-
son of a bitch such a liar fucking bitch go to hell man
I'm a stronger man now and its all because of you ~
??twitterusername An Raver seh hahaha twitterusername thanks for holding/pulling me sorry.???no problem man
dont know want to go for LOST ASH one man in July or not ):
Justin's hacking Scooter w hashtagging #crackdealer . THIS KID I CAN'T EVEN MAN .
You can seperate a man with his hair but not his janggut .
I'm going to murder your cat and give the bangs to some bald man.
#nowwatching Man City vs Fulham,Liverpool vs Norwich,Newcastle vs Reading,Swansea vs Stoke twitterurl
I'm going to continue to watch my Iron Man part 2 now. . .  with Yumi ?
Running man telepathy game damn hilarious! I laughed until my chest pain!
The bak kut teh from 3head market is the best man.
Jonghyun??? Minho??? Darn it!! I need to watch that episode of Running Man!
Once I saw running man show,I feel very energetic and not going to slp.
Dad's flying out of Singapore again tomorrow. Ohh man, I don't like it when he leaves.
Spurs to lose. Sorry hehheh 3-1 win for Man Utd #prediction
Why people choose to believe rumors instead of the person speaking the true? Totally idiot man..
"twitterusername "A man who won't die for something is not fit to live." - #MLK"
Don't know got how many nicknames liao man . So many siaa . ><
I need to get my room done asap. Hate it man. My clothes all around .
But it's okay. Still on top of the league with 5 points clear from Man City....
Can you PR people stop being so studious?  Not used to this environment, man.
Same.. RT twitterusername Aww man, the flu bug has attacked me! ??
no wonder those facial expressions, I though you were just being man... ??
lmao Jonghyun looking so happy that he got caught by Sparta Kook on Running Man twitterurl
penalty shoot plak.. #AFC ni btol one man team..rvp xde hancur!
Help me man. So fucken irritated with this co-worker. It's getting on my nerves. ??
I knew it this is gg to happen!!ah...shouldnt eat the rice man.
Still can't sleep. Been watching running man from just now lol
??twitterusername I hope nothing bad gonna happen till my appointment date.??? What happened to you man?!
Can't believe it , 134 more days til FREE MAN ! Not going to get breached anymore .
Oi!! Not 5? QT twitterusername Every 30 seconds a man upsets a woman.
Such epic news of a man fucking snowman. What fuckery fuck?
Fucking blind man just ran into me. I hate all men.
My friend starting for lions xii! Wah proud of him man!
Been having headache the whole day. Whats wrong wimme man. Hahais
#nowplaying The Script - The Man Who Cant Be Moved #BeFresh w/Bella
When I was your man; one of the few songs that can bring me to tears.
49 days till you become a man ?? ??twitterusername Tekong in 49 days. Wtf ???????
Wtf man no wonder u don't bond well with your fucking level in the fucking team.
Have not yet watched running man. Maybe today. Since yest didnt have time becoz of hmwrk.
No prob ;) "twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername yo bro, chill man!???hey thanks :)"
Man sentenced to two weeks jail for use of criminal force on taxi passenger twitterurl
Everyday waiting anxiously for 2?. And now even more anxious. Exactly 2 months from now man.
Friday kiwi cup ! Come on saints , heading to RI man :D anyone ?
(ST) 47-year-old man fined $4,800 for insulting cashier's modesty twitterurl
Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology twitterurl #Singapore
[CNA] Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology twitterurl
Australian man cleared of molestation charge after public apology - Channel News Asia: Straits TimesAustralian m... twitterurl
"twitterusername I can't take care of no grown ass man!!!" Wtfys !! Dets what his mammy fa
#GBBOComicRelief #gbbo The Old Man of? What? I think I might actually be dreaming.
running man is mean to kwangsoo bc they r rly close keke
KPK on stage. Man in black is doing sign language translation. twitterurl
Ayah comes first before ANY man. (Besides Muhammad s.a.w. , of course) Even future habib.
Fuck fuck fuck this shit I gotta chill the fuck out man
"I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man!" - Jay-Z #quoteoftheday #qotd #987fm #OffTheRecord #fb
Hey man my friend wants to buy the ticketstwitterusername can dm me the info?
The fangirls fking screaming like some crazy eagles or sumting piercing man
Sometimes I can't believe my brother is gone man. life is intense
Im so late man . Its okay ,satisfying my hunger is ire important than work.
Whatever man , I just think that everyone deserves at  least 1/5 .
14 February, yng Couple ngeraya'in Valentine's Day, yng Jomblo asik nonton Real Madrid Vs Man United~
#INFINITE's #Hoya shares clever solution to help man say 'I love you'   twitterurl
uploading my cover of When I Was Your Man by BRUNO MARS, stay tuned! :)
The time today is slower that a tortoise crawling man. What is this!!!
Driver arrested after hitting eight cars, a van and injuring man twitterurl
this drunk man cant get over with this guy not moving in.
CBS > Turks reportedly to quiz man linked to missing NYC mom twitterurl #news
Tonight Running man and I'll never forget about it ahhhh XDD
Wow wan finally your singing is slowly turning to something big. Congrats man. twitterusername
staining the lolicon name... hiaz..... Man jailed nine months for sexual offences with girl, 13 - twitterurl
Nothing better to do??twitterusername Man charged with giving false information that fiancee was kidnapped twitterurl
I'm sore as fuck man. My back is in knots, must Mimis and recover:)
"I'm just a man, not a hero. I'm just a boy, who wanna sing his song."
it will be so awesome if we played running man during pe.
??twitterusername See la build more buildings la the whole island gonna flood sooner or later man???
Watching Man U vs Real Madrid with Akir, Andi, lukman, Hilman, Yussoff and Nas twitterurl
This man just said he is turning 71 in a couple days!! #Wisdom
omg gonna kill this man on four in a beg u lil bug
That man always on my mind even when im sleep, Rip big bro.!!!!
#NowPlaying ? For The Love Of Man / Psychedelic Pill [Disc 2] - Neil Young & Crazy Horse twitterurl
Car misses man by inches -- before going up in flames       twitterurl
"twitterusername No girls likes another girl flirting with, texting, or calling her man. At all.."
"twitterusername Lol Man My Nap Is Like 7 Hrs Long Wtf" 10hrs here!!
Man ion know what possessed me to take dat big ass 151 shot
Police nab man who allegedly molested woman alighting a bus near Serangoon Gardens twitterurl
Cant wait to watch iron man 3, thor 2, fast & furious 6.
im putting the HB to sleep. we had a good run man
Thx man :) RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername .. Gong xi fa cai 2013 teman
I fear for Man United in midweek. Real Madrid will tear us apart.
Me too RT twitterusername Man City lost to Southampton last night . Lol I cant stop laughing .
Can't sleep. . . So many ideas going through my man. I'm always planning my next move. #DCMG
??twitterusername Man u playing tonight? Fml.??? call yourself a united fan.... Lol....
Come on Everton. Bpl will get boring if Man U runs away with title.
Man arrested for allegedly molesting women on public bus twitterurl #Singapore
Going out later .. Meetig the rest .. Woo !! Enjoying my 4 days off real hard man .. Yea !
Hey man, that may be god blessed. Hahaahah. Yea I need money cannot splurge
Man decked in 'sexy' outfit at Tanjong Pagar eatery leaves patron lost for words\
Super tiring day going around eating & receiving angbaos all day :D Loving the weather man~
!!!""twitterusername I bump Frank Ocean regardless gay or not. This man can fucking make good music!"
Hoping I get a carbon Bont boots with 4 x 100 mm wheels man
"twitterusername I'm all yours, if you're all mine." Pekena Layan Running Man
Alltop RSS > Lessons From The Passing Of A Great Man twitterurl #photography
Been having runs since Friday night till now. You got to be kidding me man.... Sigh. ??????
We are the famous Man United that are going to wembley #GGMU
How I got muscular arms but I got man boobs n a gut smh ??????????
So much for wanting to be early. Oh man. Tak steady ah gini ??
But I'm still hoping that Ronaldo will join Man U back. Pls lah!
Man jailed for possessing stun guns, devices for taking drugs twitterurl
??twitterusername Not summer  RT twitterusername Whats summer without summer beach parties man????exactly
??twitterusername Fuck you man united ! You will lose. Yay!??? Tak syg mulut pe wai
I can't take it man...... Maths is way too confusing and difficult to understand
My two favorite soccer football team pitting up againsts each other Man U vs Real Madrid
Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man is a song that's giving me lots of goosebumps.
Man decked in '#sexy' outfit at Tanjong Pagar eatery leaves patron lost for words twitterurl
Some of my platoon mates are leaving the company today. Gonna miss them man..
Prefer 'siaa' than 'sial' . It showed me that I'm not a rude man ;P
Argentine woman marries man who convicted of killing her twin sister twitterurl
Kurang ajar sia Sergio Ramos , gi hentak Johnny Evans for nothing. Not fair man.
judging from the fb screams of goal, i know who u man u fans! ;)
HALF TIME| REAL MADRID 1 - 1 MAN UTD (welbeck, ronaldo) interesting game!
"twitterusername HT still Real Madrid 1 - 1 Man Utd" 2nd Half not HT :)
At Simpang for twitterusername vs Man U with twitterusername twitterusername & twitterusername twitterurl
hais. still dun get what the source talking abt... for ss. stuck man.
Going to school on the last day..so not me man..
using laptop now been a long time since i use it like for weeks le man
Eww.. he old man still want to see the full uncovered body.
Knife-wielding man attacks 3 at Sun Plaza after queue for newspapers turns violent twitterurl
Man.. If its raining everyday like this. Its not fun anymore.
Chinese man sues after dog dies while having a facelift twitterurl
Australian man beheads 69-year-old father during family quarrel twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Every man is not a king and every woman ain't a queen.
Champions League's results: Real Madrid 1-1 Man United; Shakhtar Donetsk 2-2 Dortmund.
Aw Chaerin uses iPhone 5 white oh man sorry I don't use iPhone
50 shades best book on iBook HAHAHAHA OMG so turn on man reading it now
The people in the canteen scare me man, totally no idea what their studying for??
??twitterusername Looking forward to make my debut tonight in Dubai at twitterusername HAVE FUN MAN.
Wolowitz. Listening to Rocket Man by Elton John #nowplaying  twitterurl via twitterusername
Max is the perfect bald man ever. Second will be abang botak *.*
Finally get to see twitterusername on sat! Yay! Can't wait man! ??????
Man sails from PNG to Australian island on twig raft twitterurl
All i want is money...fuck the fame...ima simple man
The part where the members pull their shirt, revealing their bodies in i'm your man. ?????????
Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP???s Jeyaretnam twitterurl via twitterusername
What is this I've heard, Casillas transferring to Man Utd and De Gea going Barca?!?!?!
Upcoming match. FA cup : Man City vs Stoke City. Live @ Astro Supersport 3. 8.45 PM.
Wah damn bored man. Shouldn't have agreed to follow. They are looking at fucking microwaves.
{ twitterusername } idk man your account is so cute okay not even kidding omg
I fucking love him. He is like my idol slash sexy man eversince sec 1
Push the blame because you're not man enough to take the fall.
Cabbing straight to admiralty park for family dinner daaaamnnn from south to north man
chat on twitter shiok man can increase tweet but that wrd limit juz suxks
ok i cnt see n hear...  thats the quote? freak man
I'm early? Seriously? FIRST TIME OF MY LIFE MAN. Okay, one more stop to go
Out from 430pm yesterday and just got home! This is some crazy shit man!
You know what. Idc anymore man. None of my business anw.
Speaking if which, I met a 102 year old man today ??
Appeal for information on missing man - AsiaOne: AsiaOneAppeal for information on missing manAsiaOnePolice are a... twitterurl
Haha RT twitterusername Walking around the kitchen like pac-man when your hungry.
Man will have smaller fish to fry, biologists warn - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
Man fuck religion... but if it helps u more power to u
??twitterusername twitterusername miss you too man???hehehe awwwww see u this sat ??
Atlast, Someone from my class knw my baby leh. Imma proud wife man :')
man I give up brushing my hair got damn it hurt.
Ayanna bet not lose a good man listening to these duck bucket hoes
Full shift again today. Exhausted as fuck I'M REALLY ASKING FOR IT MAN
"twitterusername Come on man ."twitterusername Sleeping naked >>>"" cuz im hot af
HK actress Selena Li goes 'man hunting' at nightclubs after break up             twitterurl
Waking up at 4am later to watch Man Utd v Southampton. ^^
3 new songs in jubeat saucer, and they're level 10s. WTF MAN.
??twitterusername 130201 Eunhyuk at KBS Building (For MuBank)  twitterurl (cr: Frappe051106) man its raining hard!!???
Just saw an old man on a bicycle with a intriguingly colourful parrot on his shoulder.
Fell down at the field just now when playing running man..
"twitterusername The best trip a man can take his wife is Hajj or Umrah ?" Insyallah!!
"twitterusername Man utd already winning 1-0 and game not even kicked off yet."
I Had An Awesome Time Kickin It Wit The Homie twitterusername Man!! #DCMG
Louis V belts, Jordan's, fresh snapbacks, handsome bank & a young man living his life. Owwww.
Practice is So not cool man. It's Sunday i should probably read or somethin'. Sighs.
glee 4 is just....... no man just shush no get off my tv screen
??twitterusername twitterusername but you're still damn good looking man!!!! #nohomo??? pictures lie ah bro. :'(
Knew it man. It's either me being super free or super busy...
You're given one wish...what would it be? ??? to live forever man twitterurl
Good ass movie. RT twitterusername Watching "Ip man" I love martial arts movies
Yes RT twitterusername Don't you all love lee Soo man and hate Kim youngmin
Damn it why am i speaking like an english man dude
Awww my long belated souvenir from Shahid! Thanks man, it's a cute koala ;) twitterurl
People who wear white contact lenses are scary shit man. They look so... Evil. Fuck
"twitterusername Man are like coke, after u shake them well, they will splash!!" -.-"
Whoa just watched super24 2012 videos. Fucking amazing man these dancers
Ex???CNB chief???s defence asks court not to convict innocent man twitterurl via twitterusername
Like me :)) thanks yeahh RT twitterusername He is a strong Man ! ?
Fuckin hate sarah millicans voice. Goes thru me man. She's also not funny. At all.
Football: QPR frustrate Man City, Villa sink into drop zone twitterurl
RIP man the two boys who got run over by a cement truck near dunman secondary.
Trying to be funny ah my man hahaha love you twitterusername you're the best <3
Shagggg man , studies and thn CCA . I still have to go for CNY Rehearsal , hai .
Be The Better Man Cuz You Want To Not Cuz You Have To.
CBS > Man who entered wrong driveway shot dead by homeowner twitterurl #news
Yall ever seen a movie called "spread"??? Ashton Kutcher is da man fa dat role word
I swear the devils dances on my back and bathes in my misery man...
Running Man never fails to make me laugh every week. ?? #RM #SBS
Shot me in the face... I took it like a man though.
Omg Ed. Your voice is like a gift from god man
[ST] Police arrest man for committing obscene acts in public twitterurl
wow just saw a family of manchester united. All wearing the man u shirt haha
British man faces verdict over Bali cocaine ring - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
staring at my teacher , and wondering what kind of man would marry her . hm x
Man charged with using another person's credit card to pay for fast food twitterurl #Singapore
I just dont see myself wearing makeup to work,it's too.....idk man,rimas
i cant stop listening to lukas by coldplay man idk why
Eeeewwww its nothing worse than a musty man in your face licking his lips
Fuck man, im still thinking of it. ?? Cant stop smiling. Eh twitterusername order food first maybe?!
Just woke up and just saw the gruesome accident picture! Wah WAKE UP CALL MAN.
??twitterusername Judge orders man owing $96K in child support: Stop having kids | twitterurl (via twitterusername
It's compulsory to watch Man United vs Real Madrid....!!^^ Cristiano Ronaldo is coming home....!!^^
Man jailed for tearing open hundreds of items in supermarket twitterurl
T_T I want to go home and watch Running Man and football.
I need a divider in my bag man. My worksheets are all messed up.
i didnt realise how far 3KM was .. man , Napha test 2.4km not this long !
Fuck it man. i threw my phone and cb, stop making me anger!
Halo bro your gf buttcrack is totally exposed man do smthg hahahaha
Thanks man. ..I reach home and my room is in a mess alr... Thanks Moronic bro.
Fast & Furious 6 - Big Game Spot: twitterurl via twitterusername Can't wait to watch man!!!
Oh ya it has definitely been awhile since I last watched running man.
yay!! everyday is a good day man really. job interview email early in the morning yahoo
Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council twitterurl via twitterusername
Oh man! Its almost 1pm already!!! Omg omg omg!!! *run out of bed*
man his body is just friggin EHMM, damn too hot to handle.
Just finished watching Ah Boys To Men 2. Best movie man. It's god damn funny.!
going for lecture with a sexy man twitterusername damn... who can.be sexier than Marcus?
"The man who does not believe in himself cannot believe in anything else."
??????????????????20????????????? RT twitterusername Man sentenced to 20 weeks??? jail for taking upskirt videos twitterurl
66-year-old man arrested for allegedly molesting an 11-year-old boy twitterurl
I'm not gonna sit there for long . Sorry man , people change . I'll change for the good .
Man Brook Lopez is slow as hell, has no ups. Boring like hell!
"twitterusername Ooooh, I turn 22 tomorrow. Double boss" you are getting old man
"Who (God) will render to every man according to his deeds:"  #verseoftheday
Have to learn to get comfortable playing soccer wearing shoes man.
A middle aged man is watching YGO GX on loudspeaker here in the shop >.<
Lines man make wrong decision uh. It can be 2 - 0
Oh man . Shahril Ishak can score but great defending by Pahang FA.
Today Popu Lady came to Sheng Shiong, next week is the guy from running man xD
shit man biotech yr3s should have done the harlem shake hahahahahahhahhh
lost the momentum of studying just right after the first half papers. way to go man -__-
[PICS] Running Man EPI 133 - Easy Brothers in Macau ? twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
Regardless how bored I am, Running Man never fails to cheer me up :)
That ice creams equal to one meal of mcdonal man. Die......gained x1000 weight
Host: What are you busy with? KJK: I'm busy w shooting Running Man! #kjkinsg #kavenyou
KJK revealed that he came to SG before secretly after filming Running Man in HK! #kjkinsg
& Jong Kook is back on stage to perform Man Are All Like That! #kjkinsg
hahahs the last three words srsly shiok. order and grammar same man LOL
Today was officially my last day in ITE. Man, 3 years just gone so fast :')
I've a fleamarket booth tmr but I won't be around to man. Anyone interested to share?
Burno Mars when i was your man is one bloody sad song i could actually cry.
(ST) Man jailed for cheating friend of $10,000 with a restaurant investment lie twitterurl
Body stuffed in trolley bag: Man jailed for failing to report death twitterurl
just waiting for the arrival of my holiday man come on
Jetstar made mum of man killed by shark pay for flight change twitterurl
LCL??? RT twitterusername Jetstar made mum of man killed by shark pay for flight change twitterurl
Sorry and Ty for kind understand . I shall continue with running man
??twitterusername Hope the man Upstairs got something good planned for me in the Future ..???
Train extremely cold right now. Feel like hugging the man beside me uh.
cbnia. u oso dw tell me go whr. how i kmw what to wear man.
Mass Gathering B139.. cepat respon kat man.. cc twitterusername , twitterusername , twitterusername , twitterusername , twitterusername
This is epic! Man Cleaning The Cobra Pit twitterurl via twitterusername
It is where that afforded no one man more importance than any other.
Shall watch this show till it ends before I catch up on some running man episodes.
No, wait, I shall go get macs first before watching running man.
Was watching man vs wild with dad and i was alr going to vomit halfway hahahahhaah
Man this is hilarious! i shall have a beard one day twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
"I guess this is the effect of running man, you become an idiot" HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Its official lah. I'm really in love w a 40year old man ??
Former Apple ad man says iPhone could have been called the ???Telepod??? twitterurl [iDB]
Just off my phone then I remember I need to print pictures. WTF MAN
What is ur fav show ? ??? I don't know. Maybe running man. Seldom watch tv. twitterurl
this episode of running man damn epic funny ! Jackie chan daebak!
why you guys hate school man. I just hate the waking up early part. hehe.
What am i thinking going to sleep this early...exams are over man!
Omg my allergies are buzzin today man I want to rip my fucking nose off ????
15 mins to man utd and real!! no sleep! redbull one can okay go!
YEAH MAN #halamadrid RT twitterusername #halamadrid RT twitterusername Fucking excited for the game!
#BusinessMgmt #Job in #GermanyJobs: Business Processes Consultant (f/m) Program Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Oh noo!! This charming man almost making me so damn flying to the starssss... #blushing :))
Apple considered calling iPhone the ???Telepod???, ???Mobi???, ???iPad???, or ???Tripod???, former Apple ad man reveals twitterurl
??twitterusername [ENG] Running Man Ep 135 with Jackie Chan & Choi Si Won subbed by kshownow!\
What do you do to fall asleep? ??? Either watch running man or hear music. twitterurl
My Heart Goes Out To Laker Fans .. Man Y'all Gone B Str8 .. Probably Like 2025 lol
Never run after a bus or a man. There'll always be another one.
Glad you know RT twitterusername Holy fuck, Iron Man 3 trailer is fucking awesome.
Man who drowned in Lower Seletar Reservoir was trying to retrieve girl's cert twitterurl
Man.. Can't remember the last time I did court-drying duties.. Heh twitterurl
(malaysia sun) U.S. man fought to the end despite Singapores suicide claims his family says twitterurl
Ochard Road #singapore #piccollage #man #macho #manstyle #instaepi #instapic #instacool #shopping?? twitterurl
lemme go I???m a single man don???t fuck with my plans
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea twitterurl (via ST Android App)
[CNA] Singaporean man missing in Hawaii: SINGAPORE : Singapore's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) ... twitterurl #singapore
Why do all my new friends talk about running man.... is it really that nice aiyooo.
??twitterusername Running Man Ep 137 filming photos with UEE and Noh Sa Yeon\
Tis Is the first time tat I see my old man smile because of me
Okay so it was unfortunate that man utd got knocked out.
still taknak kalah. HAHA lol but i think, man of the match is welbeck. :)
Real Madrid's Ronaldo says he's "sad" after eliminating former club Man Utd from Champions League twitterurl
Funniest one when she tried talking with the Indian accent and an old man
First activity as a free man! twitterusername Muay Thai level2 sparing twitterurl
The XX - Intro (Live at Glastonbury 26-6-2010): twitterurl via twitterusername ugh fak man fak
Man restrain Hornbill bird and grabs it by the neck just to take pictures \
"twitterusername Guys who insult their gf after breakup is so not cool. Be a man."
Where the hell is everyone man. Fast asleep ah? Hais hais hais
Just got down from level 4 man. Still gives me the chills~
Gotta come up wit a plan time waits fa no man
this lady singing bout making love to the man at his funeral kmfsl
The story of one man and his dog (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Dislocated his knee during street soccer , ouch man... recover soon bro twitterurl
Wah my whole right arm seriously cmi alrdy lah, damn pain man
Senator loans twitterusername  account to young man for wedding proposal twitterurl
Man gets 50-cent discount off printer at IT Show 2013 twitterurl
Man hurts Hornbill bird by grabbing it around the neck just to take pictures twitterurl
everyone finds my brother so adorable and a lady's man....HE'S ONLY 5. HOW.
"I Can Not Stand Who I Am. I'm This Man With This Blood On My Hands\
Man utd vs Chelsea tonight, cant wait for the big game #CFC
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl The Amazing Spider-Man 2012 Full Movie
"twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername ok
twitterurl Fuck! How can I ever be goodlooking like him man? Never, perfection Lachowski!
its going a month soon still kinda sad about it but still i survive man duh
??twitterusername hey guys i shave off my hair already!:)??? YEAHH MAN
"Never run for a bus, train or man. When one leaves, another arrives."
Spider-Man Turns 50: Why the Moody Teenage Webslinger Still Matters twitterurl #photojournalism
Woah I was super tired man. dropped on the bed at around 2+ till now.
Wuhoo "twitterusername I'm watching Man. United vs Chelsea. I #vubooo twitterusername
Shall do one SOAR ws and art later after watching CLIF haha its too exciting man
Man in China gets stuck between houses after trying to take shortcut home twitterurl
Siak terlelap. My chicky rice is still waiting for me man.
Yeahhh. This is true. RT"twitterusername twitterusername emmm..xpe la..tgk running man g best,,"
So fun playing OpenBVE , like freaking seriously man , can't resist that game ^^
(CNA|sg) Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications twitterurl
Drivin range is stressin me out man. Tevez is here aswell the ugly creature
CBS > Man convicted in deadly Craigslist plot in Ohio twitterurl #news
Man jailed for slapping woman and threatening to throw her from 11th floor twitterurl
The only thing Brandon knight hurt is his pride.. That man ain't hurt his Ankle. Lol
Wanna watch running man now because i'm a no hope in class.
Sakit gile perot aku ktawe psl pisau nutella tu. What's wrong with the world man
Recently, everywhere I go I'm hearing miss A's songs... LOL! "I don't need a man"~~~
What is wrong with me this week? Get it together man!.
US police search for man suspected of killing 4, wounding 2 others in shootout twitterurl
Confessions: How NS man 'keng' and got doctor to give late booking-in at 12pm twitterurl
Lucky man catches 600kg marlin in Atlantic Ocean using just rod and line twitterurl
stupid rude old man. i kick you off this overhead bridge then you know!
Running man n polish boot till 430 den run den camp again :/
Hope everything goes well for you there man and do take pictures fag. twitterusername
Thanking The Man Above For Another Day Regardless How I Feel .
you guys should seriously give twitterusername a break from everything, enough is enough man.
Ya man so bastard! ?? RT twitterusername This taxi uncle brought us to eat wind. twitterusername ??
Dead couple in Geylang hotel: Man killed lover, then himself twitterurl
LOL! "twitterusername Man fined $1,000 for mischief by damaging two pieces of brand new lingerie twitterurl
Shall watch second half of Man Utd's game. Idw to feel like a zombie during madrasah.
Man U got so many chances to make it 2-0, but still a win here...
MU power! Yeahhh!!! #GGMU  RT"twitterusername That makes man utd 15points ahead. Good job lads! #GGMU ."
In very cinematic game, the black guy or man dies first. -Yuexian LOL.
"twitterusername twitterusername Hey man, if you owe us the moon, YOU got the Rocket..."
Running man and a bag of chips sounds perfect right now
Elderly man in China attacks woman for not giving up her bus seat twitterurl
Oh man, "she" has got my review style down pat. (That was a joke, people.) twitterurl
Man in Taiwan tries to take baby from stroller in broad daylight twitterurl
Got this millionaire man came to me at shop and offered me a better job ??
Dead couple in Geylang hotel: Man killed lover, then himself      twitterurl
Heartwarming to see local singer helping old man pick up cardboard boxes      twitterurl
I just hope that he won't ruin the year impression I had man.
??twitterusername Dying in this oppressive heat &amp; humidity combo!???   Just man up
watch 5 ep of drama already LOL time for running man :D
CA1 work shouldn't be given during the March Holidays... doesn't count anymore, man.
Thanks bro! See you for training soon? :) RT twitterusername Happy birthday man! twitterusername
Now my baby Syeera is sleeping. But she sleeping with another man... Cc twitterusername
When I was your man, thank god that I'm not right now lol
AsiaClassifiedToday Police looking for man to assist with theft investigation - AsiaOne: As... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Do all think I should have done when I was your man.
Tomorrow man. I'm gonna buy my own plate, bowl, cup. & no one can use.
Got this for myself. because... it's Winnie the Pooh, man. #adorable #poohbear #childhood #book #squaready twitterurl
The story of the smiley face from the man who invented it twitterurl
going to watch running man now!! the pepero stick between jihyo and gary hehehehehe
The Man Who Put An ARM Chip Inside Every Smartphone Is Moving On twitterurl
I don't prefer man with a lot of hairs. No, its not manly.
Happy birthday the sexiest man alive twitterusername ! Keep rockin and INDONESIA ALWAYS WANT twitterusername ? cc:twitterusername  twitterurl
Man I just want it to work. I don't like bouncing from one to another.
"twitterusername A real man ends a relationship before he starts searching for another one."a
Running Man 137 is funny, kwangsoo and uee loveline is being rejected by jaesuk haha!
Containing my spasms while watching man in love on the bus!!!
Man jailed 3 weeks for recording woman in shower with spy camera twitterurl
- best advice from Dan the Man. RT twitterusername twitterusername don't eat when horny la.
How are you this fine day beautiful ~ ??? Exhausted. I love fencing man twitterurl
Joe Hart: Man Utd are a killing machine wrecking City dream | The Sun |Sport|Football twitterurl
"twitterusername [PHOTO] Poster 'Man In Black' - Mnet's Monstar (via: sungjaeism) twitterurl
shit man, kids are wearing too mature. My age detector will not work on these people.
shall watch running man since I've nothing better to do woopwoop
??twitterusername US man in jail after being accused of impregnating 11-year-old twitterurl sick bastard.
See what I mean? I give up man. I give up on humans.
I need to watch more episodes of Man vs Food. Been missing out too much!
Man Creates Awesome Horror Movie Trailer To Propose To Girlfriend twitterurl #photography
The hall is not a place to make a joke of man.
i think ha jiwon is damn annoying in the running man ep. lul.
MSNBC: NY man cleared, free after 23 Years in prison twitterurl #photojournalism
2nd sub: my man twitterusername  off, negredo on! Not this time ;)
Man I swear twitterusername can't sing to save her life omg
i reali shld hav done tt man! why oni nw then tink of it sial!
Golf: Tiger Woods is back at #1. Congrats Tiger. Keep roaring man!!!
HELLOOOO!!!  #SouthWestPhillyFloater RT twitterusername twitterusername man that's fucked up you not (cont) twitterurl
Man injured in shipyard fire in Jurong - Channel NewsAsia: twitterurl The Battle of Red Cliffs??
Amacam bro's. Shopping/project pe today man? :) Haha twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
WHAT!!! RT twitterusername Running Man might visit Malaysia for fanmeeting with 6 members :D #KoreanUpdates
??twitterusername twitterusername I try an tell em but they cant face it.??? They never will, man!
shizzy n them comming to the carnival too !!! lol aww man >>>>>>>> !! i miss all them motherfuckers !!
Yay I'm not the only one RT twitterusername Omg why am I so tired today man
SILENCE! Listen to Taufik B. Singing When I was your man >.< *melts purr*
Is Vivian Hsu dating a man 7 years younger than her? twitterurl
Man injured in shophouse fire at Aliwal Street near Beach Road  twitterurl
Came back home to this^^ murtabak chicken and banana milk hehe forget diets man^^ twitterurl
What is your favorite song at the moment? ??? A Man in Love~ twitterurl
I need a new better job to impress new better man. Gituuu..
GalawRT twitterusername #nowplaying Bruno Mars - When i Was Your Man #coolnlovelytime w/ twitterusername
every secon every minute man i swear that he can get it
No one can break this record man.  #Lakers #lal #lakersfam #winningstreaks #history #highest twitterurl
Melvin ain't see me tweet his Vince young looking ass man lol
Always get on mrt will get angry one man. These commuters must die. twitterurl
Unemployed man jailed for drugging and stealing from 62-year-old victim twitterurl
, how you supposed to be my dawg but try to holla at my ole man ??
I'm seriously slow in some ways :S Ohh man :( What happened dear brain of mine?
Lee Man-hee???s The Road to Sampo (?? ???, Samo Ganeungil) 1975 twitterurl (twitterurl #KAvenyou
Watching running man on parents bed with the fan on hehehe?
Ok enough of ranting. Watch Running Man or my Korean dramas better :P
Bashier needs to stop spamming my tl with his lovey dovey nonsense man.
G.I JOE WAS NICE MAN! It's had been a while I ever watch action movie..
Baby the most hard working person ever. Even more than me. Too cute man
in love w / another man .. i wanted to cry when this song came on temptation
Man in China sets GF on fire during a fight twitterurl
Also best comment was by a lady assuming the writer is a man. Cmon, sexism much?
??twitterusername 'Popstar Justin Bieber posts our number, rudest man ever' THE NEXT TMZ ARTICLE???
When is the last time i've catched up with Running Man :O
but if the announcer really going to speak for 12 hour. really salute man.
Next morning ?? ??twitterusername What time is the man u vs Chelsea match????
do all the things i should have done when i was your man
I really need rest man so i guess wont be going to sch today
Man cannot remake himself without suffering for he is the marble and the sculptor.
Re watching "Yes Man". And at the same spending time with le love.
Chubby man secretly filmed practising football tricks becomes YouTube sensation twitterurl
So apparently Singapore is changing the dollar notes as well the coins now....wtf man. twitterurl
Watching Chelsea vs Man United for a while before going out #FACup #CHEMUN
sg snow? wtf man no way, temperature is still hot even after raining!!!!!
Cuma tweet? (??_???) "twitterusername Try to be happy when see her happy with another man :')"
This maintenance man at my mama talk to damn much.....stfu and leave already. Ugh
sialar next Tuesday photo day man, I want my hair to be friggin red,
71-year-old man drives robbers out of internet cafe by shooting at them             twitterurl
Man stabbed to death after trying to rob S'pore businessman in Malaysia twitterurl
You not together with char alr meh? Wtf. ??? I am single all along man twitterurl
Why You Get On Twitter & Do All This Talking You Have My Number Man
Man stabbed to death after trying to rob S'pore businessman in #Malaysia twitterurl #sg #Singapore
Plus I go running at least 3 times a week so shut the fuck up man
Wang Lee Hom & Najwa Latif - Getaran Jiwa (Music Man 2 @ Genting Highland): twitterurl via twitterusername
when i was your man RT"twitterusername Apa ringtone handphone korang?"
do all the things i should have done when i was your man #np
Man jailed 14 months for cheating women into giving him $55,000 for horse race bets twitterurl
Man Utd not really hitting form all season. Thankfully, other teams are worse....
Aguero bags dazzling winner to help Manchester City sink Man United rivals 2-1 twitterurl
Not again man city. I wish I could watch that match
I'm so sad I can't lift weights for weeks :( it's heartbreaking man ??
Nice! RT twitterusername Falcao to sign for Man Utd in summer. See here! twitterurl
Wahhhhh, manual labor is tough. These uncles are tough and strong man.
I swear this bus smells..... The essence of a million of china man... Very nice. ??
Wah loving this new iPad man wooooo this is the life chey
What One Man Learned Leaning In With Sheryl Sandberg twitterurl via twitterusername
Man people at normal schools have so much fun why am I not there
"We spend hours arguing the smallest semantic point." << my man-crush on twitterusername just got stronger
Just 2 more weeks of sch left before welcoming the holidays man
Now Im Just In A State Of Depression SMFH That's My Big Bro Man
The man loses so much respect when he do weak shit like flopping
can someone just tickle me to sleep every night it feels so idk man comfy
The guy next to me smells like smoke omg what even man
"Man hunting for pythons finds mysterious jewelry" that's called a Prince Albert dear twitterurl
Man sentenced 3 years' jail, 4 strokes cane for molesting daughter  twitterurl
[CNA] Man sentenced 3 years' jail, caned for molesting daughter twitterurl
Body of man in 60s found in Kallang River  twitterurl twitterurl
Dibajak man "twitterusername Alay twitterusername Hey followers, defy ny tdr dlu yaw"
He's not called TeenageGuruz anymore, he's called TheJianHaoTan now. from an ahboy to a man.
??twitterusername twitterusername man she's crusty??? LOL why am i laughing at this? XDD
25-year-old Man Arrested For Selling Son For N500,000 twitterurl via twitterusername
"Because a weak man,know the value of strength,know the value of power"
The greatest thing a man can do for a woman ;) twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername he thinks he's a rockstar now naaa man." Lmfao Likeeee :')
she cannot outrun a man. obviously, it is a prank. (twitterusername twitterurl
Damn ite teacher is even better then u bloody old man
Wtf running man. xx multiply by xx multiply by xx ? how to solve?
[ST] Police looking for man to assist investigations into shop theft at convenience store twitterurl
Our 2 year anniversary is next month! Hmm.. What shall I plan for my man!
Not quite happy with the new time table. Fri end at 3?! Awww man!
Looking forward to watch RMEP150 Running Man VS Marvel's The Avengers!
LOL . A man keeps his words . If you said it then you fucking do it .
Man uses phone -- while riding on speeding car's bonnet and roof twitterurl
Police in China arrest man for sending toy bombs as gifts twitterurl via twitterusername
How do you like to celebrate your birthday? ??? Watching the man I love live^^ twitterurl
Fuck man, need to lose it how many times sia damn suay
Another scholar cum military man appointed ??? CEO of NEA twitterurl #1maysg
I've never dressed up like this in a long time man!!!
Trying to avoid any teachers while ponning lessons is like playing Running Man.\
59-year-old man dies after being trapped in toppled excavator at Thomson Road worksite twitterurl
hahaha wore my running man shirt to training and everyone start ripping off my nametag
Sorry guys. I've lost my heart to this little man on the train talking about monkeys.
#15 - A great guy, not bad in football too. See you soon man
Singing and dancing idk why am i so happy next........ Running man time hell yeah
The adam family!. Very old show man. Coming to Singapore on 6 july! Resort World. twitterurl
I shall just bare with all these. So tiring man but I need it badly :(
How can people get 15k over followers without even doing anything man.
Say what? RAW wants me to spin at Attica one day? With pleasure man. Haha
Man in civilian clothing riding traffic police bike: Is this allowed?  twitterurl twitterurl
Five classic stories,one lonely and  planet book..one about man-made disasters
Y U NO COME SG?! =(((((( "twitterusername Details on Running Man Fan Meeting in Hong Kong ^^ -> twitterurl ?????
And then idiotic people here think that my bf is Danish. Wtf man. It's a race.
Warner Bros posts trailer for upcoming Man of Steel game  [iDB]
If a man whistles at you,don't turn around,you are a lady not a dog????????
have your man blowing stacks I ain't petty that's my attitude
[PICS] Running Man EPI 145 - Law Of The Jungle Team twitterusername ??? :\
Oh man. I hope sooyoung is mr baek real daughter. I just gt the feeling.
Less drama more work. Damn after hearing all those. Urghhh.  Changed all my views man. Urghh
Cycling Samaritans stop to help man who has heart attack twitterurl twitterurl
man I guess ??twitterusername twitterusername cause having just one is boring! Lol???
What's your panty size? Please do not get angry. Lol. ??? No idea man haha ! twitterurl
??twitterusername I got casting. So i have a business and shooting job.??? Congrats man!
omg MRS BOWNESS YOU TAKE PICTURES OF CCA CELEBRATION UNGLAM TTM MAN
HHAHAHAAHHA. Didnt expect that coming man. Haisss. Kay2 the joke funny hahahah. #embarassed #paisey #Tuhansajeyangtahu
#np if I lose myself - one republic. Our feel is here man! twitterusername
War News Updates > Man Linked To Boston Marathon Bombers Killed By FBI Agent: \
sleepy as hell man. can't wait to get this day over and done with.
After on the phone w/ my man and his mom hmm anyway miss u both ?
[ST] Man arrested for breaking into 20 flats; most of the flats were unlocked twitterurl
[ST] Man arrested for throwing down flower pots from flat twitterurl
If you taking shots pour one up for the man who saved my life yo. #RIPSGTJimmyFleming
Today is not the day you'll piss me off man I'll explode.
Wahhh fuck man benitez take over napoli !! Thts it he gonna screw up the whole team
Buck up on your english before talking to me man srsly.
Awww maknae kissing the bear RT twitterusername [CAP] Man In Love PV Teaser - Sungjong twitterurl (cr.Mignon_miel)
How to revoke access? This virus needah gtfo of my acc man...
I want go and visit middle east shopping centre again where they separate man and woman.
2012. - #Randomshot in the #washroom. #flashback #me #selfie #simpleshot #man #macilent #eurasiandude?? twitterurl
Its a chance to see three from the treble winning team. Esp Giggs man, giggs.
I'm not cramping or what but I'm sleepy as fuck man! Damnnnnnnnn
Another elderly man in China attacks young woman for not giving up bus seat\
[ST] Man from Myanmar arrested for murder of compatriot in Penjuru Lane twitterurl
It's ok if u fck my ol man r BD shit im fckn ya daddy!!
Omg LOL MY CAB DRIVER NEARLY BANGED INTO A MASERATI. YOU DIE MAN YOU BANG.
[Topix] Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue twitterurl
What a coincidence! Man found strolling by during news report about his disappearance twitterurl twitterurl
Shenzhen man goes crazy with chopper at market, attacking dad-in-law and himself  twitterurl twitterurl
Someone stole my design workshop booklet from the gallery. So uncool man. So fucking UNCOOL.
Malique gotta do another song man. He's a genius Malay rapper with the words.
Aww..man...2 power outages in a week???... entergy acting like Claiborne electric!!! Smh...
Pet Shop Boys 3rd August, man this sounds like something fun to go to.. Pffft.
Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue twitterurl
what is wrong with teo omg " teo is crazy " YES YOU CRAZY MAN
wat is this man...everytime i click on the assist...nothing to assist liao
Just finished 3 eps of running man I missed! Kwangsoo nv fails to make me laugh!
Demmit, Forgot bout the burger from jamuan last night. What a waste man.
happy birthday top striker! will miss you man next year :( twitterusername
Only thing yall got is some years ???????? on me man FUCK yall and yall time difference????
morning bang :) RT twitterusername Respect your fellow man, the earth with the trees
Amboi RT twitterusername Got this message from my friend twitterusername Really appreciate it, man.. twitterurl
Wait till after SA1 man. Hate being stuck at the back of the classroom,sweating bullets. ??
I wanna be iron man ! Dalam kehidupan ni I wanna do something different in life !!
Last night, Man City beat Reading 2-0 & Arsenal beat Wigan 4-1.
My adopted sister was so cool man ! Kak raiha. Hee :3
Kim Jong Kook drops his pants on Running Man twitterurl twitterurl
LOL. Man U held 5-5 with West Brom. Interesting indeed.
West Brom vs Man U draw eh? Shocking news sia. 5-5 Somemore.
I Wanna Real Man, Im Tired Of Playing With Lil Boys
FIFA 14 only on ps4 and Xbox one? I hope not man.
Man I can't watch today episode of twitterusername cos I'm working
Man accused of smuggling 21 puppies in car boot twitterurl twitterurl
Hi little man! It's about time you got out of there. #nephew @ Gleneagles Medical Centre twitterurl
hey man just wanna say thanks a lot for ruining my fucking night
Watching running man in camp because tmr have to wake up early for TTO.
Doctor informing a man in front of me bad news.. This looks intense.
What am I doing with my life man. I was so motivated last week...
I just want to have fun man damn...is that too much to ask for? Lol
now my baby is dancing but shes dancing with another man.
no mood for work man but still!! dragging my feet to the bathroom now :-(
Hate it when my brothers home, i've got no peace man!
Man walks 400km to get home -- while carrying 60kg 'hotel room' on his back twitterurl twitterurl
So inspired today. By that one man, who I'd never thought would.
why does it take so much to stream iron man 3 i wanna watch it now
The mind kept sending the wrong signals today.  Haiz.  Come on man!
Young man first to die of dengue fever in current epidemic\
Man appears in #London court over killing of #British soldier twitterurl
do you watch We Got Married???????/ ??? Nope I don't ! I watch running man ! Hehe twitterurl
Do you like star wars more or iron man more??? ??? Star Wars!!! twitterurl
??twitterusername Last Wednesday was tiiiight. This one sucks.??? Cheer up, man!
Do all the things I should have done when I was your man #np
Pulling an all nighter here in Manila is death man. Time passes really sloooooooooooow. #freals
#Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??... #BusinessMgmt #Job: Service Sales Engagement Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
81-year-old Singaporean man found dead in Johor Bahru farm  twitterurl
Now want stare ceiling also cannot argh I wanna rage man..
Nak tengok cerita After Earth and Man of Steel Superman .. Alahaiii..
Four Man Utd legends in S'pore to conduct coaching clinic twitterurl
[CNA] Four Man Utd legends in S'pore to conduct coaching clinic twitterurl
Man Sentenced To 6 Months Imprisonment, 12 Strokes Of Cane For Slapping Woman twitterurl via twitterusername
Man Arrested For self servicing On Megabus From Washington To New York twitterurl via twitterusername
I see no point in NS. Like seriously man. After 2 years after that what?
60-year-old man becomes second person to die from dengue in Singapore this year twitterurl
i need a skipping rope to grow taller man i want to have long legs hahahahha
A true man will hang loose and do what is right
Always Good To See My Bruva twitterusername Man!! #Inspiration #All4U #DCMG
Watching Die Hard 2, and HELLO MUSCLE MAN DOING NAKED TAI-CHI, welcome to the movie.
Man fuck that shit i'm so gonna get this PS4 for real! twitterurl
Beautiful: A Beautiful Girl. An Evil Man. One Inspiring True Story of Courage By (author)... twitterurl
Almost Easy damn legend man. I always play that song in guitar hero at timezone.
If you smoke weed to be cool, you're a fucking loser man .
Still waiting for my man to bring up the food. I'm quite starving.
A real man will always show his love blablablablabla kimak vice versa lah semua sama
Once a TAYians. Always a TAYians! a weird thing we created! Hahahahahas.! Yeah man! twitterusername twitterurl
Kind old man saves snails from being trampled on by joggers every morning twitterurl
CBS > Indiana man calls 911, reports he's driving drunk twitterurl #news
It's sad....TOO many niggas be acting like bitches. Man tf up.
man. I'm gone need ALL THE LUCK in the world right now.
Taking Pictures With An iPad Just Saved This Man???s Life [Video] twitterurl
They shut an entire American city down because of one man. #bostonbombing #manhunt
I just stand it, came home and started thinking again just fuck it man
I just cant stand it, came home and started thinking again just fuck it man
Man undergoes surgery to look just like actor Jo In Sung twitterurl twitterurl
This twitterusername bringing all the freshies to her backyard man. #Valore
"There's more than one way in the world to be an educated man"
I'll just end my day with a cigg and off to bed man.
Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West  twitterurl
He ain't my man just the closest thing that I have to a boo thang.
everybody is in bed an I'm up waiting to watch iron man 3 HAHA
I also want learn from Kim omg she seriously damn awesome man
Omg I just realised tht twitterusername had added more tattoos OMG I'm s outdated man
Im on the verge of giving up on Amaths man. I suck at this shit
Best amek perempuan orang? ??? Lol. Sorry i am the better man. She's my girlfriend now. ????... twitterurl
Man convicted for beating up girlfriend's children, drug offences and rioting twitterurl
Limited edition Samsung Galaxy S4 MARVEL Iron Man Beam Case retails for $39: \
It's haunting me arsenal will be doing the guard of honor for man u, fts
??twitterusername this pimple on my cheek and forehead seriously gtg man so disturbing hahaha???
India: 70 year old man rapes 7 year old girl twitterurl
Crofty reckons that Lotus' smaller budget "hampers them more than one man [James Allison] leaving." #F1
Man gets 20 months' jail, 6 strokes of cane for molesting daughter  twitterurl
'So keep thinking you the man. Cause its all part of my plan'
Judge Retchin sentences quadriplegic man to 10 days jail for possession misdemeanor, dies after 4 days\
Man gets 20 months' jail, six strokes of cane for molesting daughter twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets 20 months' jail, six strokes of cane for molesting daughter twitterurl
Some NS Man sleeping on me like shiok only...I must be that damn comfortable..
whatever man im gonna go eat a jar of peanut butter how cool
Retired Man United players share tips with schoolchildren during coaching clinic twitterurl
Kind women help elderly man to cross road in Hong Kong twitterurl twitterurl
Man tries to grab kindergarten kid from mum in Hougang twitterurl  twitterurl
so bloody piss off man. wah fck la i really hate u sia.
stop being a boy. for your age, you should start to think like a man. seriously.
Oh man.. my phone prepaid today expire. How can i forget this?!?!
Football: David Moyes 'hadn't planned' to leave twitterusername until Man United came calling twitterurl twitterurl
Its not your fault when I gave another man a chance to walk into your life..
"twitterusername Feel like running away to somewhere there's peace." Running Man .
Who's the one who keeps asking who is my crush man....
Man fined S$4,000 for lying to police about girlfriend being kidnapped by loansharks  twitterurl
man im so gay _|_ listening to cody simpson and shit. why. idk.
Watched 50 minutes of Spider-Man equals to from jurong east to Simei 1 hour
If I do something asshole-ish and you laugh, you`re in it too man. *wink
Instagram full of photos of Man United winning the Barclays English Premier League title
Hundreds of issues of Archie, Mega Man, and Sonic available on Google Play for $0.99: \
Omg I should've been playing that game I would've gotten it all right man
[NEWS/SPOILER] HaHa turns into a brute on 'Running Man' twitterurl ?????
Happy birthday twitterusername !! Can see the man in you! Have a great day!
Dear Lord, when I get to heaven, please let me bring my man. - twitterusername twitterurl
I miss secondary school days man. Miss doing math and science. ):
Can't do anything till after this damned tie with Barca. Ugh, brain, concentrate man
Loyal girls deserve a REAL MAN not a little boy pretending to be one
Did Lynn Hung leave Aaron Kwok for richer man?   twitterurl twitterurl
What would be your ideal man? ??? Cute tall faithful caring twitterurl
great start for Man united. United playing well. love their passing game.
Sepersti g me self from being a boy to a man
Fuck sial! Next match against man utd....n they are gunning for the title...Haish.....
Equaliser! Former Blues man Sturridge, off the bench and scores! We are level at Anfield!
Omg he sneaks in and watch movies specially iron man with fans xD !!!!
Honestly I don't know for how long I can put up with this man. ??
Wah iron man 3 app i downloaded just now is madness . Awesome game ever !
Family watching iron man 3 today! Fuck and i have to work!!!
Iron man 3 wif #boyfriend (@ Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC) - twitterusername twitterurl
Shopping with mum instead of watch iron man 3 with the fam later.
Damn . Gonna watch that bruh . "twitterusername Best. RT twitterusername Bruh twitterusername iron man amacam ?"
Hot milo combine with horlik taste good man! Tmr going make again! #addicted
Penat practice terus tgk iron man 3 herghhh mmg best la cite dia
Done watching Iron Man 3 in 3D, such an awesome movie !!! Fuckin A !!!
[TNP] Penang man attacked as violence hits Malaysian general election twitterurl
Woke up with bloodshot eyes man but hey, I'm coming to school for raj ?
Man gg KL later for the meet,how i wish i can tag alone
aduh. twitterusername block plak gua nye iron man 3 end credit footage.
32-year-old Singaporean man arrested for allegedly vandalising Cenotaph at Esplanade Park twitterurl
Yeah. Friday go out with friend tgk iron man 3. Hahaha.
cry whenever you want. run away whenever you want. man is not that strong.
Man dies after car he was in hit by uprooted tree \
[CNA] Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West twitterurl
Man who allegedly vandalised Cenotaph war memorial arrested by Police twitterurl  twitterurl
There's so much thing in my mind now! Ohhh fuck man.
Man jailed for trying to steal $70K jewellery from shop twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for trying to steal $70K jewellery from shop twitterurl
watching w/ twitterusername twitterusername & aci ? Iron Man 3 (at Blitz Theater - Kepri Mall) ??? twitterurl
Trauma drove woman to cut off man???s penis: Lawyer | TODAYonline twitterurl
Whoaa shit! Iron Man III was fantastic! Real good! Everyone deff shld watch it!
A butch driving a car with "macho man" sign in her car. #confused
IRON MAN 3 NOW YAY pls don't pee ya pants twitterusername
Wanted to catch 8:20pm iron man 3 alone but in the end grandma cooked.
Man in Black twitterusername #2013 #april #photos #photograhers #fun #cool #maninblack #suit #tie twitterurl
Tonight will shopping and watching iron man 3 with le cousins and mom. omaigad, cool xx
gahhhh, still need to so medical booking thingy. sigh, i wish i was never a man.
Man Utd confirm manager is stepping down after 26 years to become director and ambassador. twitterurl
Hope dortmund manager would take the job I don't want jose man
My brain is not producing any ideas right now.. Suck balls man.
It just won't sink that Sir Alex is retiring from Man U ;(
Awww man fell asleep while revising ugh this has to stop unajmsnslsklllmns
Looking forward to every Tuesday ! Because of running man and tml my off ! ??
Man, you can really tell I was a teenager in the 90s.
Orite then. RT ??twitterusername When a man says nothing, its mean nothing :D???
Aww fauzan made a birthday song for me! twitterusername thanks man! :)
oh man...attach the wrong pic on blog post,corrected it
I know I'm damn outdated but... I just watched She's the man & it's so fucking awesome! ???????
Don't assume shit man, I can bet you're assuming about the wrong person lmao.
Dk what this old man is talking about. Just release us now..... Zzz boring shit
One of the awesome facilitators for my group's running man. #runningman #fun #class #bonding twitterurl
Fuck man nose is leaking right now is there a tap to turn it off?
I will never join this competition next year man... So rush and ridiculous :/
[ST] Man jailed 3 months for burning neighbour's baby accidentally twitterurl
[ST] Online vice ring: Third man on trial says mobile phone holds crucial evidence twitterurl
Charges dropped against man accused of sending ricin-laced letters to Obama twitterurl
If only baju/tudung takya gosok, it will mean the world to me man.
Just caught the preview of #TheBigWedding - man, that's one dysfunctional family! :p twitterurl
oh man! i forgot to bring home keys. now im stuck outside my house.
i feel bad for not waving at them yesterday during lunch break. ow man.
?? ??? .. Hahah RT twitterusername twitterusername no man. Hahaha. A changed guy. :p
Man U fan walks away with two tickets for EPL match at Tiger football bash twitterurl
5.30 got some SINDA man coming and im not bothered to see him .. hahaha
woah woah woah woah calm the fuck down man. don't throw your tantrum at me.
feel like watching queen inhyun's man all over again bcus that drama is so goooood :-(
Dah lama tak tengok She's The Men/Man... Whatever it spelling.
Oh god please banish every man that uses the " :$ " emotion #NoBoy #Wrong #Badbad #TurnOff
Wow so free at work. I've been watching running man since just now.
Man arrested for mobile phone thefts - twitterurl - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan arrested for mobile phone t... twitterurl
so damn addicted to this song man i'm  like AAAAAAAAWWWW AKFJSKAJAKSJDKASJDKSAJDKSAJDKAS-
I want the freshmen shirt man. ;-( anyone wants to trade for AY12/13 engine tee?
man i love it when mr farid comes up with these exciting ideas.
omg next epi of running man, that western guy nugu? O____O good looking. :p
Omg the cartoon just said 'never say never man' . Fangirling #itsabelieberthing
I swear receiving false hopes is one of the worst feelings in the world man.
"twitterusername Am I the only one who haven't watch iron man 3 YET?"
Pun boleh RT twitterusername Iron man 3 (Fe3+) with twitterusername (@ LFS Lotus Five Star Cinemas) twitterurl
I dont get why must they change running man timeslot on one channel.. ):
Police called in after man tosses toddler into the air repeatedly at Bedok kopitiam twitterurl  twitterurl
Gotta start heating up the muscles man, dumb bells, bench press & pull ups
Voice, please come back. I wanna sing. I cant help not to sing man. Tsk
I just can't wait to start schooling soon man. Like seriously. Bleargh
Gonna go home struggle through e learning before iron man 3 :')
The heat!!  Omg i need a chilled one sooon man!!! :p
Nk tgk Iron Man 3 plz... But no one to watch with.. :'(
Chinese paper 2 is a killer man everything was like ching chong ling long
Shit man. Everything finish 400+.. -.- this means, I've to work to earn back
Hell man what a good monday to be smiling all day!
Wore Man U jersey to tuition just now , hahah mcm step la ! #Champion
Gonna stay back in library alone and study. I need to study already man..
I don't really like it when people see my photos. Srsly man it's my privacy....
im eating roller coaster at this time? wtfff this is fattening man
Wahhh! Shit! Cannot study in this kind of atmosphere man. There is construction beside my house
"twitterusername Tak ajak! RT twitterusername Currently at Man Cafe with others"jommm??
fuck man, i think i lost my original N level result slip.
Friends. I found my calculator.  Thanks man. Appreciate alot for the helps of lending . :-)
Asik nih lagu nya twitterusername The Script - the man who can't be move
My tortoise just climbed out of his bowl sia . Whatthefuck man how can he do it
Football: Pellegrini warns Man City not to rest on laurels twitterurl
pretty man is too draggy ;; you're the best lee so shin  is so much better tbh
The one man show. Mi columna Montecassino de ABC para noct??mbulos twitterurl
Donnie Yen reportedly set to appear in Ip Man 3 twitterurl twitterurl
Netizens question how elderly man got on tracks despite CCTV cameras, barriers twitterurl
"twitterusername This dead man was buried riding his bike in a plexiglass coffin twitterurl
I'm not a mind reader man... why is it so difficult to read a girl's mind.
??twitterusername MAN OF THE MATCH - HYRULNIZAM JUMA'AT twitterusername and I'm not even being biased. #ACL2014???\
My Manager ALWAYS Doing EXTRA So We Can WIN!! I Thank God For twitterusername Man. #DCMG
My nose man ??twitterusername 2. One thing you can change about yourself????
OH MAN I LOST A FOLLOWER! ): one of those bots stopped following me HAHHAAHAHHAHA
(today) Injured elderly man at station not hit by train: SMRT twitterurl
CBS > "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" unveils Super Bowl teaser twitterurl #news
Think like a man. Steve Harveys a fuck boy u know.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - Enemies Unite Sizzle: twitterurl via twitterusername
my food is waiting for me @ lawn. cmon faci, let us go man
Man I got a pretty ass girl In my texts right now
Man who raped, then married minor in #Malaysia gets 12 years in jail twitterurl
Need a new pair of football cleats man. Yes, NEED. Not want
Wearing a peplum top yet still somehow manage to make me look like a man
I just heard Jay Chou's SECRET OST playing in Running Man!?!? #nothallucinationright
Best nyer korg off 3 days. Theres no such thing for me man.
fuck man so bullshitfull. not a word but ure full of bullshits so why not bullshitfull
Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl twitterurl
Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl
Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl via twitterusername
[CNA] Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station not hit by train: SMRT twitterurl
Maggie Cheung reportedly spotted on date with man 20-years her junior twitterurl twitterurl
Lmaoo no I just want a muscular man to ram me lmaoo twitterusername
Ma man! RT twitterusername Uruguay???s president nominated for Nobel Peace Prize for legalizing marijuana twitterurl
What makes you laugh the most? ??? exo showtime, winner tv, running man, my cat twitterurl
Man jailed nine months for using sledgehammer to hit friend twitterurl
Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl twitterurl
3 Russians jailed for stabbing, burning man they believed to be gay twitterurl
Man caught dumping trash out of AMK flat: NEA currently investigating the case twitterurl twitterurl
??To see a man beaten not by a better opponent but by himself is a tragedy.???
Man claims he survived 13 months adrift at sea by eating fish, birds and turtles twitterurl
The sixty forty messengers especially you guys fucking in it man
Waiting to see if you're the man you say you are.
My nephew is becoming a man HOLY SHIT TIME IS FLYING TOOOOO FAST
Man arrested after throwing bicycle and household items from third floor twitterurl #Singapore
[ST] Man arrested after throwing bicycle and household items from third floor twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername guess who skipped school like free during olevels year?" Ya man
im gonna be the man here and not stood to your level of immaturity
Seeing Ted finally letting Robin go is definitely heartbreaking..8 years man.
Been loving it ??twitterusername oh so now these bitches love giving their man head ????
Man jailed and caned for raping friend's 15-year-old daughter twitterurl #Singapore
[ST] Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl
"twitterusername Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl
Chelsea leading Man City 1-0 at half time.. It's going to be a good day :)
"twitterusername Who was your man of the match? Tell us using #CFC" Nemanja Matic! #CFC
[Y!] First man to plead guilty in Singapore Little India Riot gets 15 weeks jail twitterurl
Lol sg also want their own version of the heirs wth man
[PICS] 140211 Running Man Filming - HAHA at Dongguk University. (CR: as tagged) twitterurl
What a wonderful future this young man has ahead of him. #inspire #photography #jellygilerbabi twitterurl
If any man were to see my phone , they would want to throw my phone away ..
??twitterusername SIAL AH. IF MAN UTD PLAYS LIKE THIS...??? Don't go that far bro
Im a man u fan, but liverpool are playing like they are the champions of europe
wow. just wow. just take all my money man. what is this.
Wearing a Man U jersey to sleep.Man U is gonna win fullham 2- nth
??twitterusername Oh wow. Man United behind again at home. Lovely pass from Holtby.??? stfu lah barton
Man U draw with a bottom table team, are you fighting to be bottom?
y'all could've done better than that!! ??twitterusername Made a snow man! twitterurl
Everything I do is wrong to this man and I don't understand how that's even possible.
#nowwatching ; Running Man EP 184 ! #RM #online #kshownow #engsub #WinterOlympics #baro #sig #Shj #kyw #psj
You alone boys I now man alr ??twitterusername Boys will always be boys???
??twitterusername Forgiving is easy. Trusting again, not so much.??? I've trusted you so much . Thanks man
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA & JAESUK [6] (CR: owner) twitterurl
[PICS] 140210 Running Man Filming - HAHA, GARY, JAESUK & SUKJIN [7] (CR: owner) twitterurl
Man! Torching 300 Calories is no joke! (@ Tudor Water Sports) twitterurl
According to Fa'iz: a 72 year old white man won't fall for me
"The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials." ~ Chinese proverb
Some old man try to pick me up hahahahahahahaa called me the little red hat girl
(asiaone) Bouncers beat up man before kicking him out of Clarke Quay club twitterurl
Its been a long while since i last talked otp for hours, man!
I'm the man of the night, getting ready for work. #graveyardduties
sharing is caring? sorry my man, I don't  share my food HAHAHAHAHAHA
Student helps blind man at Woodlands MRT station with a smile on his face twitterurl twitterurl
Jia you doggie, stop barking ??? "twitterusername Just a few more days man.. Arffhhh"
[ST] Man arrested for allegedly robbing old woman of gold chain at knifepoint in Marsiling twitterurl
[ST] Man gets 8 years' jail for starting fire at home which killed his father twitterurl
Have to tahan the position for at least 30 seconds first man
U dnt have a Man but u got hella Kids??? I will Never Understand it smh
Sarcificed my sleep for work later by watching man utd vs arsenal sigh.
Man of the match should be Nemanja Vidic or David De Gea
If anyone has the ap environmental review, man hook a sista up
Australian man fined Aus$18,000 (US$16,000) for killing a juvenile great white shark. twitterurl
China has detained a man for "spreading panic" with bird flu rumours twitterurl
wah damn cute saw this old man holding a bouquet of roses :'-)
Man posts cat poo to companies after failing to land job. More weird news:  twitterurl
he slept since 1316hrs and have not woke up. poor man must be so tired.
LOLS HEATHER CHUA IS ACTUALLY A 22 YEAR OLD MAN. WHATT. Attention seeking bastard
Photoset: sweet child zitao feels worried about the old man working in cold weather twitterurl
still contemplating whether i should head to kino lol penat man
Jin, best fire fighter fisher man  hahaha! ??? Medic la hahah I know who is this twitterurl
Wah, Newcastle so suay siaaa!!! Curses to the officials for disallowing Tiote's goal & fuck Man City...
Be the man that knows me better than anyone else knows about me.
#nowlistening to Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man [Official Video]: twitterurl via twitterusername
Tennis: Ferrer out to rid 'Nearly Man' tag at Australian Open twitterurl
Choa Chu Kang Murder: Second man charged and remanded for further investigations twitterurl twitterurl
Using my shinai as a balance cane makes me feel like a decrepit old man
Fcking bored.. Gonna watch Man of Steel on the internet.. dllm
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Fuck man sudden craving for twitter fries la :(??? twitter fries all???HAHAHA TYPO LA
gah cant wait to repair my iphone tmr stress man pakai android
if u were asked to be a guest on running man would you? ??? of course!!!! twitterurl
Happy birthday big man, happy birthday Clarence Clemons, we miss you. #2big2die #Clarence #Clemons?? twitterurl
Man dubbed the 'human doughnut' loses 184kg thanks to TV show twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername In 1990 the current Man United manager  David Moyes signed for Dunfermline. twitterurl
wah fuck man i owe u pastamania RT twitterusername lookin good' twitterurl
MAN WHO ARE YOU TELLING ??twitterusername Going to bed horny and alone is the worst combo???
[CNA] Fine & driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4 twitterurl
Meet The Man Who Has Not Taken A Bath In Sixty Years twitterurl via twitterusername
bloody hell man the bug made me follow so much spam
(today) Vietnamese man jailed 15 months for smuggling rhinoceros horns twitterurl
HAHAHAHA! Look at the number im like whooooo dafug just called me man! Maybe pharrell
Before I go please know that I'm trying. Trying to be a better man. ???
US man shot dead for texting in a movie theatre twitterurl twitterurl
*.* "twitterusername RT twitterusername let's not forget how sexy this man is ???.??? #itsJunkayDay twitterurl
can we like pretty please have combined maths tomorrow omg it's like three periods man
Why Did Police Get Away With Killing a Mentally Ill Homeless Man? twitterurl #photojournalism
[CNA] Man falls overboard near Kusu Island, search and rescue underway twitterurl
Man killed ex-GF by setting her on fire in Sengkang flat twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for two years for sexually abusing stepdaughters twitterurl
I been dealing with my old man speaking of lack of patience
"Pleasure doing business with you boys as always" gotta love Crowley man.
Nicholas Tse regrets failing at a quality that makes a good man twitterurl twitterurl
This is fucking awesome. ?? Hoochie Coochie Man ??? Muddy Waters twitterurl #NowPlaying
whoa whoa whoa AI SEH MAN hahahahahaha "twitterusername Serious face on twitterusername #ausopen twitterurl
"twitterusername A man at an Airport farting gets caught on a thermal imaging camera. twitterurl twitterusername
Omg my headache is killing me. Gotta take some paracetamol, man ...
LMFAOOOOOO??twitterusername lmfao my dog so ugly for this man RT ??twitterusername twitterurl
Lmfaoooo??twitterusername ??twitterusername they called me a nigger yo.. not today man.. twitterurl lmao???
??twitterusername No female wants her man being "bestfriends" with another bitch???
What the shit. Knockout man. Slept all the way after i got home and bathed.
Why is running man trending. Made me happy for nth thinking the new ep came out.
Accompanying the man to the airport. And thennnnnnnnn, joget tepi jalan ah what else.
Homed . Today's training was omg fun I love it man hehe
What time are u logging off? RT twitterusername Wait, what time is Man United losing??
"I splashed some water in my face and thought oh we got grenades man" LOL twitterusername
fuck off ah sunderland i hope man city trash u rabak pls pls pls
but dayum jaejoong man opening up a fashion line (and it all looks good)
i'm a gay . i easily attached to hot sexy guys . white tall man with blue eyes .
Project director fined for fatally knocking down man, 80, in Sengkang twitterurl
Watching Running Man Ep 182 nw while waiting time to pass #runningman #ep182 #racefromhongkongfans #ia?? twitterurl
Enraged man throws restaurant chairs onto Bedok Road and blocks traffic twitterurl #Singapore
"twitterusername Australian man charged over genital mutilation of nine-month-old daughter twitterurl
nah lo! "twitterusername Swiss Man Dies After Stage Diving At SUICIDAL TENDENCIES Concert twitterurl
Man jailed seven years for Toa Payoh wet market stabbing 13 years ago twitterurl
Man jailed seven years for Toa Payoh wet market stabbing 13 years ago twitterurl twitterurl
"Good man will not take issue with those born later than him"... #crazyfucker
I guess it doesn't mata who goes to Man Utd this season.
Happy birthday man! 18 years of honging zha bor not bad HAHAHA twitterusername
And now I'm making cappuccino. I'm gonna be awake till Jesus comes back down man.... twitterurl
Vile man, and the leaders of the free world just sit back and do nothing.
Man jailed 7 years for raping cousin 14 years ago twitterurl
Ah,smokes. The best complement to any food,drink and fuck known to man.
What happen in the man utd match while I was in the kitchen washing my dishes?
Wtf I'm not that short man. This photo is a LIEEEEE twitterurl
Addison Timlin agak hot dalam Odd Thomas compared dalam best man down.
one hour is enough man for me. even though the topic was about otters.
Can't belittle psychological damages man, seeing how they created most of these psycho killers ._.
(today) Second man jailed over involvement in Little India riot twitterurl
[Y!] Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall twitterurl
(yahoo) Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall twitterurl
(yahoo) Monday #sgroundup: Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall twitterurl
People who don't know the joy and fun of reading books. You should start man!
Gonna sleep . Twitter getting bored . I shall continue watching running man tomorrow .
oh man i miss the scrambled eggs at australian dairy co it is DA BEST
this flu thing isn't working out man it's not me it's obviously you
You pushed away your old friends because of ur new friend. Well done man.
okay shall download all those awesome videos like rn. really can make me tear man.
Profanity is not the mark of man or woman, but a crutch for a weak vocabulary!
??twitterusername twitterusername WA! new to me! Will take note!! Haha??? give it a try man haha
[TNP] Man killed girlfriend for en bloc money, says prosecution twitterurl
WHERE THE HELL IS THIS MAN twitterusername ? twitterurl even fansites looking for him
Man ambushed and slashed clubber more than 10 times at Golden Mile nightclub twitterurl #Singapore
Third man jailed for refusing to disperse during Little India riot twitterurl
I'd rather watch insects fornicate than this boring ass man city vs Chelsea. #manche
You'll be shocked by what this man found at a covered walkway near IMH twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername [News/Pic] 140216 Hyungsik  Airport Departing to Sochi,russia for Real Man twitterurl twitterusername -_^ Russia??
Big black man giving pool some problems, but his passing is just leave it yeah
??twitterusername ??twitterusername No female wants a man that other females aren't checking for.??? Actually I do.???
Man wears green paint for Hulk costume which wouldn't wash off - Mirror Online - twitterurl - OMG
[ST] Man jailed for assault, wrongful confinement, theft and driving offence twitterurl
"not everyone that has beard is a man, even the goat has a beard"
Man who grabbed female student???s buttocks at Toa Payoh MRT get 4 months??? jail twitterurl
Man who grabbed female student???s buttocks at Toa Payoh MRT gets 4 months??? jail twitterurl
#Woy risking a player for a friendly, the man is a fucking muppet
A man will never be a girl. That's why he's not your girlfriend.
Photoset: behrsy: jordangriffin: crowleyscarols: iraffiruse: Tumblr needs more bears Fucking bears, man.... twitterurl
#storyofmylife RT twitterusername Start school at 9am, I just left th house! Wow, good job man!
War News Updates > Is Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei The 'Richest Man' In The World?: \
How the fuck my bro continue sleeping with the road works being so fucking noisy man
(malaysia sun) Singapore arrests man investigates others over hacker attacks twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Singapore arrests man over hacker attacks - twitterurl www.worl... twitterurl #asia #google
PICTURES + VIDEO: Japanese man runs on arms and legs to new #Guinness world record twitterurl twitterurl
Man dead, 3-year old boy in critical condition in new Cambodia bird flu cases twitterurl
Japanese man runs on arms and legs to new Guinness world record twitterurl
omg sandy stop watching running man and write ur letter lah alamak! D.O. DAMN CUTEEEEE
??twitterusername Little Man U fan...pst...forced by the dad twitterurl take that child into care
need to go library. finishing my books too fast man too fast
Was looking forward to have Bojan Hodak here in Terengganu, excellent man.
Playing with the phone's air gesture lepas tu step iron man jap.
Man who claimed trial in online vice ring case given 4 months' jail  twitterurl
Man sentenced to four months' jail for having paid sex with minor twitterurl
Man charged for hacking incidents; More being investigated for PMO, Istana hacking twitterurl #Singapore
2m-tall man scares Japanese shoppers on Halloween -- by posing as a mannequin twitterurl  twitterurl
Nami shem RT twitterusername twitterusername my man I'm looking forward to hear twitterusername performing ... twitterurl
yay ! Running man ep 174 got Lee Seung Gi and the Kim Min Jung i think !
Moha! Acha madharau! QT twitterusername Breaking News; Man City punishing some team 5Nil.
"twitterusername twitterusername hey AJ, perform with me tomorrow?" sure! why not man!!
Hoping for better 2014? Man, hold into my words. Different year, same shit.
Im lagging behind so much in running man cos of o levels :/
Heard The Best Man was wack... But of course, I can't take yall word for it.
For my wedding, can i wear iron man suit, dear future wife? Haha
"twitterusername Just saw a man opening the car door for his girlfriend.. Aww.. Soo sweet! :) #gentleman"
Look who has joined this wedding entourage: It's Iron Man! twitterurl twitterurl
twitterurl Thai Man Reportedly Electrocuted Soon after Utilizing a Charging iPhone 4S [iOS Blog]... twitterurl
twitterurl here's the whole video dweebs. the glasses shawty tried to take her man
PM Lee uploads photo of him with a man believed to be married twitterurl
Top on the list: Common Man Coffee Roasters, Penny uni, Toby's estate and Antoinette
Artine : lanangan sing raiso obah :v RT twitterusername the man who can't be moved
Hahaha omg this function is cool man. Use my face to unlock the phone.
wtf the new twitter suck my fucking non existent balls man?????
Man steals pack of human excrement from young mother in Moscow.\
SPH attempts to paint Nicole Seah seeing a ???married man??? ?? Editorial ?? TR EMERITUS twitterurl
Results coming out on Thursday? Oh man.. need a world's worth of luck.
was nice hanging out with you man. even tho it was short twitterusername
to watch dasom's new drama or to watch running man tonight and watch it tmrw
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Getting A Homeless Man Home
I don't recall taking this module GET CHA HEAD IN THE GAME, MAN BE COOL twitterurl
Man fuck that Imma finna start killing shit. Y'all bitches be testing me.
Body of Vietnamese man recovered from waters off East Coast Park beach twitterurl twitterurl
Omg running man 177 is a Merry Christmas Nightmare which Kang Gary got kidnapped, looks exciting ~
I'm sorry but a short man & a muscular body is looking not compatible for me.
I'm sorry but a short man with muscular body isn't looking compatible for me.
Early in the morning overheard the man talking about the date. 20.12.13. (cont) twitterurl twitterurl
Woman stabbed in Jurong West this morning; man arrested in connection with the case twitterurl twitterurl
[CNA] Man in bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty twitterurl
Keep on thinking about my life next year. Im a loner man.
Rain won't stop me from going out for nights out man
(today) 3 years??? jail, S$5,000 fine for man who harassed US singer twitterurl
Outrage at man who dangled dog outside window so it could do its business twitterurl twitterurl
I don't hate the SPM,I just hate the fucking homeworks , damn man
[ST] Man arrested for outrage of modesty along Toa Payoh Rise twitterurl
Life is boring that i need dramas and running man to keep entertain myself
fuck fights man seriously,if we keep on fighting everyday,when we'll be good together?
[TNP] Man accused of killing woman used to call her 'mother' twitterurl
Man involved in Woodlands bus interchange spitting incident to plead guilty twitterurl twitterurl
watching running man on ONE playing baseball and I miss PE.....
feels weird watching Paul Walker act in this movie. rip man.
idek how hasby got a gf and his gf is like literally gorgeous????? wtf man
The rain is blasting away on my window. Fucken love the weather man.
[ST] 19-year-old man arrested for committing an obscene act twitterurl
19-year-old man arrested for committing an obscene act twitterurl #Singapore
A critic is a man who knows the way but can???t drive the car.\
Been On The Phone For 3 Hours Talking About Everything Man.
Got a shirt from top man heh , 50 percent sia ! Worth it :>
While Man city will face West ham in the other semi final
[ST] Man jailed for threatening to post girl's semi-nude photos twitterurl
Man charged with woman's murder at Yishun flat last week twitterurl
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - International Trailer - Official: twitterurl via twitterusername HAH,Shocker and Green Goblin
"twitterusername twitterusername (00) (oo) (OO) all urs you can have them! :-)"  fxcking wrong man!
Look how man creates guacamole dish from daily objects -- including a 'bomb' twitterurl twitterurl
I'm a grown ass man...but I will fuck an applesauce cup UPPPPPPP
twitter now like a place to report deaths man its getting scary
I just want a tall slender brown skin man , that's all twitterusername
I guess this thing is over man . Aish I totally dont feel anything
Man a year and a half away from getting my driving license
this man is chasing the mrt when he hasnt tapped and a distance away
Long argument ensues after couple scold wheelchair-bound man for bringing durians onto bus twitterurl twitterurl
woooo Real Man! RT twitterusername Wow best couple for mbc entertainment nomination twitterusername twitterusername woot woot!!!
like who the hell walk so loud at this timing man
AsiaClassifiedToday Pesek on Asia: China's Richest Man - Bloomberg: Pesek on Asia: China's ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Steam Punks Wants To Be Mega Man X Something Fierce [Review]
SBS - Seoul Broadcasting System: Allow KShowNow to continue subbing Running Man twitterurl via twitterusername
Good morning lads, our man win last night! #YNWA #HappyYuricornDay #GG
"twitterusername Watching man utd game now . Come on reds ! #GGMU" wgt sia ggmu hahaha
Man U keep attacking, but Newcastle took the lead. Wtf laaaaa -.-
Newcastle please please do me a favour and win man u pleaseeee hold on
Sir alex confrim got heart attack.. When he watch man utd match
#LittleIndiaRiot: Know mystery man seen asking rioters to stop violent behaviour? Tell us twitterurl twitterurl
Man accused of beating Paris Hilton's brother allegedly on the run twitterurl twitterurl
Nicholas Tse spotted sharing lovey dovey moments with Janice Man twitterurl twitterurl
First Galaxy Gear sighting in the wild! A middle-aged Chinese man on the bus.
right i never completed any pac man cuz i was scared whenever i got chased.....
amazing spider man 2 trailer is fucking fucking fucking sick the sickest ever
I need to catch up on kdramas, running man, animes, exo and sleep.
idk if thats frowned upon but whatever man i just wanna prosper mentally and spiritually
Justin and chance the rapper got me moving from my study table man. love it #confident
fuck man lol i spent all my goddamn money at work tryna be sweg
[ST] Little India Riot: Man seen asking rioters to stop violent behaviour twitterurl
Painting depicting old man???s pain wins top prize in competition twitterurl
Man stole cash from wet markets and hawker centres for beer, cigarettes and prostitutes twitterurl twitterurl
Tmr is gonna be a full serious day of studying till evening man
and u haven't talked to Isaiah. really man what is going on.
I have an IPPT coming up. I have to watch more Running Man episodes.
i miss you man i hope ur doing great much love twitterusername
Oh shit civilians and policemen killed. Not funny man. What's with the fucking jokes.
??twitterusername At least tosh zhang tweets with sense man??? ya balls
this is my bestfriend, the only one man! twitterusername xo twitterurl
Singaporean man jailed for having sex with an underage girl who is now his wife twitterurl
Man dashes off with iPhone 5 and Samsung S4 stolen from Chong Pang shop twitterurl twitterurl
Man exposes himself while sitting in car -- making female resident uneasy\
I want a man that stands beside me, not in front of or behind me
Man dashes off with iPhone 5 and Samsung S4 stolen from Chong Pang shop twitterurl
Help meng and man with inoculation today and isk and mail tomorrow.
People who alw ask me open up to them // fuck you guys man twitterurl
Unemployed man jailed 17 months for molesting 16-year-old teen twitterurl #Singapore
eh wtf did I just did man I seriously need to pace it down
"Why the fuck do they have anal beads YOU'RE MESSED UP MAN" ah such civil conversations
Last week only riots now got sword wielding guy. What's happening man
Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl via twitterusername
Man forgets to give a f#%k as sword-wielding fellow scares everyone twitterurl
Fucking hell man this is so fucked up fuck yourself lah cb nabei teng teng
Man City vs Barcelona. Nasri said Barcelona will fear them. Okay let's see. #UCL
CBS > Man killed after holiday shopping in N.J. mall carjacking twitterurl #news
Bullshitz ??twitterusername Man with #sword scares #MRT commuters, gets arrested: twitterurl twitterurl
Good skill Januzaj. Has been really hard working for Man Utd
My thigh and back are getting more pain as day goes by. F man
PICTURES: Chinese man detained after dead Siberian tiger found in car twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername You're stronger than you seem and smarter than you think??? that's deep man
[ST] Man probed for making racially insensitive remarks under "Heather Chua" account twitterurl
is N Modi the best man for PM job or an average chap  twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Man probed for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks - Channel... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
I rlly hate the tour guide sia. No one would understand man seriously.
Emma Watson dating university rugby hunk -- who's said to be a ladies' man twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Police arrest 40-year-old man for Sengkang East Way snatch theft twitterurl
China sentences man to death for making recycled kitchen oil, known as "gutter oil" twitterurl
once upon a time there was a man go to the gp to goyang..  and then ?
Now i gotta fucking handle the roster. Fuck this shit man.
Counting Stars (DeanEiman) by Deen E-man via #soundcloud twitterurl THORBAIK DENGOR WOI
Navy man Jason Chee to represent SG in ASEAN para games table tennis twitterurl
the muttons making fun of Man U LOLOL lose to Swansea lose to Sunderland LOL
Its ok its alright thanks man ini smue mmg cara adat hidup kau
Well done man, 2nd train passed and i am still queuing for the damn train!?
Man caught in front of race horses was not run over: Singapore Turf Club twitterurl twitterurl
This is History of Europe. Why this man talking about sex?
Manila hyve was the best crowd I played to.this year man best ever
" Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend "
Great Sunday evening cause it's Motogp & tonight's match-Man U vs Arsenal
[STREAM] Running Man EP171 ft.Ryu HyunJin,Yoon SukMin, EXO - twitterurl twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername
lol i think exo will only appear on running man next week though
lol why the government don't allow people having cats. what's the problem with you man
man i really suck at consoling people and cheering them up
My shirt is ultra stinky man omg need to bathe asap
tht line reminds me of cikgu shima and drama oh man
Cant stop laughing at this Joel's retarded jokes just now . Epic shit man .
CBS > Pinkberry co-founder convicted of assaulting homeless man twitterurl #news
Any bets on how how long Man City's manager will survive in the job?
I should stop trying to analyze people and their moves man.
Man suspected of setting off bombs outside Communist Party offices in China detained twitterurl
Schizophrenic man who stabbed Toto draw announcer to death sentenced to life in prison twitterurl
??twitterusername Jobless man jailed life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer twitterurl \
(today) Schizophrenic man sentenced to life in prison for culpable homicide twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for attacking three others in party brawl twitterurl
So many people to avoid.. Ugh. I don't want to see your faces man.
[CNA] Man jailed for attacking 3 others in party brawl twitterurl
Can't help follow the british accent when it's Bastille. Too strong man too strong.
It's not my fault I can't fly during weekdays man,shit.
[ST] Man jailed for having sex with 2 underage girls; both girls ended up pregnant twitterurl
I think I'm one of the laziest person on earth man fak this shit
Wah my whole ass is wet now... Stupid water. Why you look so invisible man
eh fuck I really need my phone back man! but it's with my cousin!
[Y!] Part of falling roof debris in Bedok nearly hits man twitterurl
Going out with cousins from the paternal side tmr haha cant wait man
Mmmkay quite the middle (wo)man. Who is.. not really successful in those lovey-dovey thing. \
As a man all you got is yo word & yo balls
Baik :D . Man United match against Cardiff City is on Monday Morning, meaning can watch lor ^^
"Talkin to your bitch, I'm Doctor Dolittle" AW MAN TOO GOOD HAHAHAHAHAHA
??twitterusername Pogba on re-joining Man United twitterurl join chelsea pls pls
I have bruises on my waist. From being squashed too badly last night. Wtf man.
Funny I pressed the button on traffic light but the green man doesnt show.
Camerawoman/man is EXO and Big Bang biased. I love you cameraman/woman
Gosh....Some people gotta learn how to man up and stop being a pussy.
Zalora should remove old clothes man. 2 months and some are still showing online.
Im guessing next year we conquer sec 3 like again man hahahah
(today) Man in Taiwan charged for trying to send projectiles to PM Lee twitterurl
Congratulations longadin Kor and twitterusername da sao! U are officially a married man!! twitterurl
ok after tomorrow no more geog ever ok come on man yes YEA HECK YEA
Anyway thanks kelvin(some random man sitting beside me) for the valuable working experiences. Deep appreciated
Ok now buy pad Thai watch running man and plot the stupid graph
I need to fucking to go sleep man fed up like chibai
Singaporean charged in #Malaysia with stabbing of wife and murder of Chinese man twitterurl
there's a conspicious difference between a modest, observing man and a snobbish, ironic bastard.
Man donates 8,000 rare photographs of long gone kampungs from private collection twitterurl #Singapore twitterurl
.twitterusername we should replicate that here..... we are breeding like rabbits man.
Man gets 6 years of corrective training, caning for theft and causing grievous hurt twitterurl #Singapore
Saw Pierre??Png/Fang Zhanfa at 3tou just now. HE LOOK'S SO MAN IN REAL LIFE.
learning to play When I was your man on the piano
US man (in light blue) skydives on 100th birthday twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Ctu class in the early morning is not cool, man. Seriously really not cool.
next week, man u vs arsenal. cant fucking wait ah sial
Man jailed two weeks for beating up cabby over $20 fare twitterurl #Singapore
manage to finish everything by today! man it sure feels good
(malaysia sun) Gay man launches Singapore campaign for workplace discrimination protection twitterurl
Another fever is here. I just got better what the fuck man
My bloody dare....thank kiew for the pretty name young man twitterusername twitterurl
Already making plans with friends. Oh man I'm waiting for you~
I swear im a married man magnet...*sighs*that ish is annoying ...
People Gonna Be Disappointed When They See Best Man Holiday. Movie Was Kinda Depressing.
Foot massage from china man now at 1230 midnight. #shanghai twitterurl
lol merepek sial swag swag my mother more swag than u man
Man. Don't nobody feel this cause ain't nobody going through it.
??twitterusername Man in critical condition after shooting at French daily twitterurl
??Trying to make it work but man these times are hard.???
[ST] Man accused of being the hacker who calls himself 'The Messiah' claiming trial: Lawyer twitterurl
He kills me ??twitterusername Bill O'Rielly is one of the most racist man on tv???
Man I dont care about the TWolves/Mavs game, I wanna see the Rockets/Spurs game...
#RIPpaulwalker ?? Oh man, they haven't finish making Fast and Furious 7 !
Hais, miss Man U nye live match lg. Dah 2nd week in a row ah tonight :/
watching running man now and there's top!!!!!! OMFG TOP IS SO AWKWARD HAHAHA
Youths seeking $10 donations hit man in face for taking photos of them\
Come on man i want the old gerek crowd to be there hehehehe
Holy shit what happened. I really thought Alliance had this after forcing Navi to bb. Man.
Student shot in thigh, another man shot in back at Thai protests twitterurl #Thailand
off to meet the bros then watch #TOTvsMUN @ man utd bar
Man Utd starting lineup: De Gea; Smalling, Vidic, Evans, Evra; Valencia, Cleverley, Jones, Kagawa, Welbeck; Rooney
Honestly, i want to be a househusband/man. It's fking easier than working outside.
Youths seeking $10 donations hit man in face for taking photos of them twitterurl twitterurl
???? RT twitterusername "I could see the bone," says GF of man slashed at Clementi coffeeshop twitterurl
Lord Im Doing All I Can To Be A Better Man
Don't win a man's heart only to take the heart out of the man. twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for threatening to post nude photos of women online twitterurl
Looking at the CJr Return concert pics, damn I look like shit man especially my hair
What are you wearing right now? ??? Man U shirt :D twitterurl
First time i see a guy man crushing in front of me hahahahaha :'))))
Bitches friends really try to fuck their man ? I didn't know that was real
???~~~????????^^ ?????? ????????????????????????!! RT twitterusername Safe trip tomorrow night Running Man! Hug more koalas and kangaroos! twitterurl
Forgot to wake the man up but thank goodness he is punctual to work today
Rain spotted filming Running Man in Australia -- in kangaroo outfit twitterurl twitterurl
63-year-old charged for chopper attack on a younger man at a coffeeshop twitterurl
The wine business is ripe for disruption, and this man is doing it twitterurl via twitterusername
[PICS] 140224 Running Man Filming - HAHA & GARY in the same team??? [3] (CR: as tagged)\
Three teenagers have been arrested for allegedly robbing and assaulting a 31-year-old man twitterurl
last paper at 4:30pm & I'm a free man #ExamWeek #15weeksOfSlavery
Next! RT twitterusername Ladies,what's your man cooking for you tonight?
[TNP] Man fined $5,000 for punching teen who beat him in arcade game twitterurl
Alltop RSS > Awwe Cabrito Care Dog Dog And Man twitterurl #photography
seoul music award with gg exo beast etc at channel u, sunday replacing running man.
CBS > Man found alive (and kicking) in body bag at Mississippi funeral home twitterurl #news
miss you so much man. hope ure coping well with life and kirimsalam mama! twitterusername
???~~????????? RT twitterusername 140225 Running Man in Melbourne Australia filming. HAHA So cute???  \
[PICS] 130224 Running Man Filming ??? So cute!!!^^ (CR: owner of the photo) twitterurl
Chinese man becomes first to sue govt over smog twitterurl twitterurl
It would be so freaking awesome if the running man members film here in sg
In formal flying uniform but the hat's missing on him! :\\ aw man. twitterurl
Lmaooo I know man ??twitterusername That's how white girls pussy be lookin RT twitterusername Lmaooo twitterurl
Carrie Ng will consider any suitor -- even a younger man twitterurl twitterurl
Indian man attempts world record for speed typing -- with his nose\
??twitterusername Man rapes 3-week-old calf in Bidor, Malaysia twitterurl WTF?????
You Should Date A Man Who???s Difficult | Thought Catalog twitterurl via twitterusername
[ST] Man dies after collapsing at 2XU Compression Run marathon twitterurl
Shit man. Looking at twitterusername Singapore setlist gives me the chill. #TBSSG
47 year old man molested 11 yr old daughter while giving her "massages". twitterurl
I dont wanna complaint but fuck man, the exhaustion is trying to kill me slowly.
whoa tumblr, stop the leonardo dicaprio oscar shit man. it's pissing me off.
The week had gone from bad to worse. Sunderland 1-0 Man City. Ninabei pcb.
Football: Toure, Nasri goals bring Man City League Cup joy twitterurl
dont make me do it man you know im capable of causing shits
Here's something you don't see every day: Man drives cool vintage car on MCE twitterurl twitterurl
Man United 'targeting Edinson Cavani' as the headline name to their summer spending spree.
Man admits to molesting daughter during 'massage' when she was only 10 or 11 twitterurl twitterurl
you did it man! hijack raw on worldwide trend topic twitterurl
Man I haven't laughed like I did yesterday in a long time
Got gf alr still want step on single people's bag straps you horrible man
Just finished Running Man Ep 187, it was so good. It shows that nothing is impossible :')
Thai actress fights off man who broke into home and tried to rape her twitterurl twitterurl
French striker Loic Remy insists Newcastle United aren't hung up about losing star man Yohan Cabaye.
Morning everyone! Man this week has flown past for me. Anyone else?
CBS > Faith comforts family of Texas man aboard missing plane twitterurl #news
Where you working at man? RT twitterusername Working alone is boring
girls who seriously fuck with odd future give me the fucking creeps man
The only person that will know everything about me is the man that's gonna marry me.
I see a cute girl in a man utd kit <3 marry me can?
Man jailed 6 years for cheating Khoo Teck Puat???s daughter of S$2 million twitterurl
CBS > Blind man, run over by L.A. subway train, is fine twitterurl #news
oh man do i have to endure this jeff/britta thing again #community
I slipped in this lobby full of people man ??twitterusername 14) Most embarrasing moment????
"Trust no man. Fear no bitch." I trust dad. I fear my mom.
When you think your man/woman cheating ? You better cheat nigga
65-year-old man arrested after driving through Woodlands Checkpoint barrier into Singapore twitterurl twitterurl
I miss bali man seriously looking back at the pictures hais nak migrate.
Back in foster family's place and watching man-u soccer match with foster bros.. :)
Anyone from #NayangPoly #NYP? Give this man a hi-fi when you see him. twitterurl
Oh man what is up with the new lock screen???? I can't even see anything?
#Canadian man found guilty of sexual assault for poking holes in condoms before sex twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed four months for attacking victim with broken light tube twitterurl
"twitterusername Man gets 21 months' jail, 3 strokes of the rotan for punching, kicking girlfriend"\
AsiaClassifiedToday Man jailed for smuggling puppies into Singapore - Channel News Asia: Ch... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Thought I could watch Man Utd - Liverpool match through streaming but I'm in the village!
Man who tried stealing 3 TV sets at Giant wrestled down by quick-witted employees twitterurl
Don't miss tomorrow's screening of Menstrual Man in Richmond! Tix: twitterurl
Unemployed man gets 21 months' jail and 3 strokes for punching and kicking GF twitterurl
Our Honda Integra DC5.TypeR race car, getting tuned by the man himself Desmond! twitterurl
This Guy Built The Most Amazing Iron Man Suit You Will Ever See - twitterurl
It's raining H E A V I L Y how long has it been man omg
Fucking shit day 3 is cancelled ! Fuck those who overdose man ! Cant u control yourself ???!
Man lies across three seats on bus -- with lit cigarette in hand twitterurl twitterurl
King Krule fronts the SS14 issue of AnOther Man twitterurl #photography
Man jailed 12 weeks for hitting wife with bike exhaust pipe twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed 12 weeks for hitting wife with bike exhaust pipe twitterurl
Finally it's raining. Race day for Australian GP. Man Utd vs Liverpool. And North London Derby.
Didn't bring a brolly with me. Should have heal the advise from twitterusername earlier. Oh man..
377a concerns not just gay man it concerns all of us. #lgbt #377a #singapore twitterurl
I forgot to pump petrol today-.- so lazy to pump it tmr man.
Total shit. This is fucking bullshit. I'm so done with Man U performance this season
U must be kidding that man u can win liverpool by liverpool's performance this season
Man utd is the club who search for a long term manager unlike other clubs #FACT??
Police corporal who cheated man over $150 'fine' is jailed for cheating twitterurl
man vs kangaroo boxing match : twitterurl - what did I just watch? Lol
I dreamt that I hang out with the running man casts and say beside Gary
The one that i can act silly with , my man. twitterurl
being in malaysia with crappy wifi IS NOT GOING TO STOP ME FROM WATCHING RUNNING MAN
Who the rest ??? I don't know man not fixed just going to see who's there twitterurl
"twitterusername oh tuts loves taking photos twitterurl Tuts: "man it's justin bieber I jus"
"twitterusername twitterusername Aw man. Alright, have a good day!"you too. Enjoy at baybeats
Was sprinting just to chase Bus 315. Man thats a beast of running.
This is so embarrassing! ??twitterusername Man calls 84-year-old father stupid while bashing him twitterurl
Man makes shocking find after paying $871,000 for house he has never seen twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername lol man its thundering :((??? :(( thunder buddies for life!?" Yes.??? Score!!!
A broken angel #lgbt #love #dreamcatcher #feathers #bi #man #prettyboy #skin #expose #Eurasian?? twitterurl
Omggggg lmao funny af "twitterusername Grown ass man in a woman's body and shit lol"
Been a long time! RT twitterusername Aww missed this man! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Sri Lanka man dies of heart attack after shocking electric bill twitterurl
Just concealer, blusher and lipbalm. Can wait to see my man! twitterurl
I' ll change into a man. And yes in shaa allah I will.
Wa why Running Man ep 43 so long one ah 136 minutes!
Otw home. Only manage to watch 2 episodes of running man. Because my 3G sucks
LADIES IF YOU LOVE YOUR MAN SHOW THEM YOU THE FLIEST #NowPlaying #QueenBey
LADIES IF YOU LOVE YOUR MAN SHOW HIM YOU THE FLIEST #NowPlaying #QueenBey
??twitterusername I see a little silhouette of a man??? scaramoush scaramoush will you do the fandango
LMFAOOOO OMG WHERES MARQUAN?  "twitterusername twitterusername therean is passed out super drunk in my backseat man"
Man spends 16 years building an entire city in miniature twitterurl twitterurl
Why are the days passing so fast?! JULY IS HERE ALREADY MAN #itscoming
Gotta bring down my laptop cos i wanna download movies man.
This Turkish man has a way to quit smoking -- guaranteed twitterurl twitterurl
Watching d.gray-man w my dear sleeping soundly beside me <3 twitterusername
Where the fuck is the cab when you need one man?!
Why you all bring big bags man. There's no need for so many books what hahhaha
Dafug? ??twitterusername RT twitterusername Smoking can shorten a man???s penis.???
Trying to make it work but man these times are hard~
This man needs a medal for car control #GIF #F1 #BritishGP twitterusername \
Seems like a pasar malam was torn down this morning. I want coconut and chicken man
My father using the exercising machine: "WAH MY BALLS SHAKING MAN"
Im not a wise man but my experience had taught me alot .
Define busy? Having no time to watch Running Man, HK dramas and my tv shows :-(
man, i wish i could entirely be carefree. this self conscious thing pricks me alot.
Running man & we got married for this week episode all done. Waiting for next week epidode.
Man Wednesday Gone Be BANANAS !!! #PrettyWednesday #SwaggaRightEnt #TeamVI tk_bowie twitterusername ..?? twitterurl
Man im not finna sit here n boost dis hoe head up
#nowplaying How Fortunate the Man With None by Dead Can Dance twitterurl
I feel like im the man of this rap im still learning so im humble ..
Finna smoke this baby ass roach since my weed man ain't shit
Find a man who play with your boobs, not your feelings.
freaking looking forward to work on friday no shit serious man
Haha omg what they want me to answer from the hate questions man.
gary's instagram is like a gold mine of running man feels
okay, it's time for my weekly dose of running man. later guys
Gonna watch two episodes of running man before heading to bed.
Philippine coastguard shoots fleeing Taiwan fishing boat -- killing one man twitterurl twitterurl
If only school ends at this timing everyday, life would be great man
Saw this man looking woman as I entered the toilet and I jumped lol fak
" Man shouldn???t be able to see his own face ??? there???s nothing more sinister. "
bUT oh man I shall wait for someone to sell it
[ST] Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee flat twitterurl
"twitterusername Shall pester mama to buy portable charger man"buy from online cheaper
Lepakking with members layan Man United vs Chelsea. #GGMU (@ Restoran Rohaya 24 Jam) twitterurl
Shoutout to my man twitterusername for not coming off a little weird by telling J she ?????
Can't wait to watch Running Man when I'm home because the guests are Shinhwa!
I could just sit here and listen to music for hours man...\
Man keeps harassing neighbour's dog: He even pokes at it with his umbrella twitterurl twitterurl
MJ's wearing that e-collar man i can cry watching him twitterurl
Why am I keep thinking of you wtf is this man!
Man Shares Murder Picture on Facebook After Shooting His Wife twitterurl #photography #arts
[Y!] Man arrested after five-hour standoff with police at Chai Chee flat twitterurl
Now re-watching one of my favorite episode in Running Man??? twitterurl
twitterurl twitterusername *o* what song that one between the childhood photo and the real man pic
Fuuyooohhh whiz khalifa waaa pey brudder love i love you man!!
"twitterusername twitterusername sorry i can't cus i'm booking in :'(" awwww man.... :(
I'am waiting for the day running man invites Super Junior as guests #runningman #superjunior #patientlywaiting
my man is in Port Arthur someone get me out there NOW
Im Not Bringing No Kids Into This Man. Not Right Now...
Gonna earn a few man points today by setting up the broadband at home.
OMG! RT twitterusername Running Man Fanmeet in SG this October! twitterurl
Man fined for acting as a lookout for prostitutes in Geylang\
Aigoo seeing all those yummylicious food on Dongdaemun by Running Man I'm damn hungry leh.
Drama over Hello Kitty: Police called in after man creates scene during queue twitterurl twitterurl
oh man... but I was kind of looking forward to the event
Muscle cramp while cycling in the rain at 4am damn lucky man.
Man twitterusername welcome home party gone b to the max tomorrow twitterusername
Give that special man the gift of photography this year :) #katphotography #blackandwhite #fathersday twitterurl
An 86-year-old man died from dengue today - the third dengue death this year twitterurl
86-year-old man from Sembawang dies from dengue; third death this year  twitterurl
[CNA] 86-year-old man from Sembawang dies from dengue; third death this year twitterurl
Man u better not laugh at my Korean moonleader!!! I swear u do I be cranky!!
'Man of Steel' does not suck but it ain't really very good either. \
Running Man VJs really daebak. Hold camera and run at the same time.
Photos: Brazilian Man Pays Doctors To Make Him Look Like A Dog twitterurl via twitterusername
English lesson easier than indonesian... How can it happening? I'm indonesian man!!!
the music bank camera man didn't focus on chanyeol at his part :( y u do dis
''Man of the Match'' of StarHub League Cup 2nd leg goes to...!! #albirex_s #sleague\
You weren't like that last time bro. What happen man? ??? What are you saying ? twitterurl
damn it man why am I watching a movie in the cinema I WANT HAIL
BG Tilak was a changed man after spending sometime in jail. He supported the Empire.
a real man never stop trying to show a girl, how much she means to him.
Man U Fans Getting Shirt off on Chelsea FC VS Malaysia Friendly.. EPIC!!!: twitterurl via twitterusername
running man is now definitely a manchester united verified show LOL
what did skye do? ??? Long story man I'll act my age and not bitch haha. twitterurl
whoever said it was such die RT twitterusername man in love was not a disappointment
[CNA] Man injured in slashing incident at Ang Mo Kio twitterurl
Fuck everything seriously just fuck it i fucking wash my hands off man
??twitterusername ??twitterusername What's a thot man ???? That hoe on twitter??? I'm weak lol
My sister is laughing like mad. Thanks to running man of course :D
Lucky I didn't shat on my teh kor man, LOLOL twitterusername
You just fking pissed me off. Watch your back, young man. You'll get it soon
updated my blog in chinese. man, i must really want to go beijing.
Man this is the first nice Saturday we've had in a long time
[ST] Man fined $4,000, banned for causing grievous hurt to his pillion rider twitterurl
Now my baby is dancing but. she's dancing with another man.
Oh man....... how to bring my dogs out later..... . It's raining :-(
[ENG SUB] 130722 - Running Man interview in Hong Kong twitterurl via twitterusername
Wtf I've been attending my classes man! Why all this nonsense
More interested in Cool Kiz On The Block than Running Man now. Haha
Watch the latest running man ep at night is abit creepy. #destined #pair #ghost #scared
watching camp rock. miss the movie man. So many nice songs ~
while struggling to lock lg1 and answering guest's enquires... HAHAHA I CANT CONCENTRATE MAN twitterusername
[TNP] Revealed: Man behind record $488,888 bid for Hungry Ghost Festival urn twitterurl
The one man who can actually relate to my issues back then
Man they soo funny over here lol, they swear im somebody' girlfriend tho
I really don't like when my family member get into war . Cause i'm the middle man .
First time so early for work. 2HOURS BEFORE WORK STARTS!! What am I thinking man? -.-
[ST] Man fined for acting as a lookout for prostitutes in Geylang twitterurl
directioners are crying because zayn is engaged? man the fandom is weird.
Dr. Narendra Dabholkar was a great man. Superstitions have no place in modern society.
All I want is money fuck tha fame ima simple man
I considered myself lucky for having an unlimited support from my man :>
"twitterusername Dan D Humorous one man show: Olamide billed for performance."
Colleague: "Eh brown, your face now defaults to that Old Man Sneer leh."\
I vote to watch the episode with twitterusername RT twitterusername Shinhwa spotted filming 'Running Man' twitterurl
woohoo! Cant wait! RT twitterusername Shinhwa spotted filming 'Running Man' (cont) twitterurl
Lol man. That's why I hate light skin bitches, don't know how to take criticism
Waiting for the pizza man to come. Hurry up im hungryyyyy
Man this song really stuck in my head now Coldplay - A Message ????
Shit ar! Tmr got EB module 4pm-6pm hate that module man. Talking about $ hahahah!
Salah dukung bro? "twitterusername Man City 3 v 0 Chelsea twitterusername twitterusername #SportiplusCISC"
from the boat, we swam quite a distance to the hot springs. NEARLY DIED MAN!
man city dont deserve sia it was chelsea game all the way sighhh pity chelsea
Teared a little while watching "When A Man Loves". TT so depressing.
Sick of being keeping everything to myself ?? the feelings just sucks man .
Unbelievable there a china man beside me talk so loud...Lucky I listening music:/
Repo Man Director Alex Cox Plans To Edit Next Film With OpenShot twitterurl
"Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man." Wa, damn heartbreaking. ??
Crowd was borin but the music was alll goooooood. Ollides knows his shit man ~
"twitterusername Luhan thanked Lee Soo Man, their bosses, the back stage crews and their fans!"
'Iron Man' believes he will win an Oscar 'for sure' twitterurl
1 packet of noodles and I'm full. What's wrong man shit.
Man who made false threats to bomb several locations in Singapore arrested in Sengkang twitterurl
Yeay! RT twitterusername Such an honor to meet twitterusername last night. Truly an inspiring man :) twitterurl
Iron Man 3 on coming Friday with BF1302 CAN'T WAIT. twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Man arrested for India child-rape atrocity - twitterurl IBN... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Jason Kidd ass run around the court like a old ass man!
I seriously have no mood for iron man that i can sleep in the cinema
Imma finish up the other 4 parts of running man then! Huhu
You dont mix around with someone because he is a ladies man ??
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Am I the only one who hasn't watch iron man 3.???\
Tak boleh berpisah palabuto what is this man why am i like thissssss
Nope its not zoey. Think harder man. Well zoey's close friend... ??? Errrrrrrrrr, hint? twitterurl
#np When i was your man by Bruno Mars (one of my favorite song)
Rich man in China stabs wife over 30 times during fight   twitterurl twitterurl
Finally touching my lappie after 3 weeks? Time to catch up on running man!!
Put off, concerning your former conduct, the old man which grows corrupt. ???Ephesians 4:22
I've spent my entire post spm life, catching up with Running Man from ep 1. Hahaha
Man am i da only nigga who be drunk till they face start feelin numb?
Police called in after man tosses toddler into the air repeatedly at Bedok kopitiam twitterurl twitterurl
Oh God. Sorry to say this, but Iron Man 3 suck big time. I'm utterly disappointed.
Who wanna tag along for iron man 3 tonight? Tak jauh, ioi je.
The Cost Of Being Iron Man 3  cc twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
man-boobs? RT twitterusername Anyone got tetek to give my nyonyot deprived bro twitterusername
Another man spotted stealing laundry at Yishun -- this time a bra was stolen twitterurl twitterurl
*SiapinFlashdisk RT twitterusername Selesai download Running man episode 93 720p 1,67GB. Next, episode 63 720p. #mabok
Watching Iron Man 3  with baby, aizat and their dad later. Hehe
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. -Elbert Hubbard
"twitterusername Iron Man 3 worldwide reached : $948,993,000 twitterurl xD !!! Totally deserve it
??twitterusername twitterurl We both dreaming of the same man u know??
man why he do that. I dnt wanna see that shit! ??
Do all the thing i should have done, when i was your man.
Man repeatedly slashed on head and body in Geylang twitterurl twitterurl
I must be so bored that im actually playing iron man on my phone.
"i'm just a man and not a knight don't wanna sleep alone tonight"
Aunty Man and the Manly Spirits #sg #singapore #actors #esplanade twitterurl
The man who is lighting up this season's #sleague #fcnantes twitterurl
Ig I'm off that man. Slick off in my feelings lilbit lilbit.!
i may not be a smart man, but i know what love is
watched running man for 1 min and got dragged out by my parents :<
how the fuck my nenek know my kakak likes cranberries man hahahahaha
Lol after watching iron man, there's like superhero music playing at the back of my mind.
Wednesday Gone Be A Movie .. We Celebrating My Main Man Bday !!
??twitterusername Every girl needs a man, not a boy who thinks he can.???
Fall asleep while watching iron man 3 . 5 mins je . Hahaha
Next year charity shield Man U vs Wigan !!! Muhahaha sure a not ?
Early morning feeling so reluctant but I've got no choice man.
The Day I Find The Perfect Brownskin Man....I Know For There Is A God
Wow! This Bangla help a blind old man to bring him in the bus. #respect
Chanyeol slipped on stage?!! HAHAHAH how idiot that man is hahaha
CBS > Man dies from fall during San Francsico 49ers game twitterurl #news
[BFN] SAF death: Putting the blame on the dead man?: by Kwan Jin Yao\
Now my is baby dancing, but she's dancing with another man.
Hardworking man at work setting up the BBQ for us. twitterurl
Tokyo to host the 2020 Olympic Games... will they make Running Man an Olympic Sport?
#man he haz a #halo #sign #stickman #construction #sgig #instasg twitterurl
Looking at my sis ws picture make my self esteem drop . Fuck man
Home>bathe>watch running man>sleep>wake up>check result>work again
Man I just turnt Boosie on & got soooooooooo hype for no reason lol
[Y!FB] Man in Saudi Arabia snacking on a container of 22 live scorpions.\
A lot of people come to Raimah than I actually know man.
Hey twitterusername If not bz, we meet up at #AsamPedas Pak Man arnd 11am.
omo omo omo i am so excited for the next episode of running man GD YAAAAAAAAAA
To calm the fuck down old man, or you'll get your heart attack seriously
Man gets frosbite from spraying sweaty socks and shoes with deodorant\
Almighty So drops today. Chief Keef better not dissappoint me man!
bee hoon mee is the best thing on earth praise da lawd man
Running Man with G-DAE-RI! So funnie!!! And Gary kissed Jihyo. ?????????
Turning 21 soon. Wanna get a fancy toy for myself. Man I must get it!
[ST] Third man in 2011 Bras Basah Complex attack jailed for grievous hurt twitterurl
looking forward for my end year holiday man i cant freaking wait
Third man in 2011 Bras Basah Complex attack jailed for grievous hurt twitterurl
Congrats hahahah finally man, you get to meet your queen!;) ??? Yeah haha YAY so happy twitterurl
Wow. RT twitterusername Man accused of filming women in church toilets twitterurl twitterurl
Father and brother playing FIFA with Man U and Crystal Pal now. HAHA
Hi, I'm the new black iron man??#masking #tryingtobefunny #blackironman #nofilter twitterurl
S???porean man killed in accident along highway in Australia  twitterurl
Before that I'm gg to see Running Man Fan Meeting xx
I really wish the double tap to like function on Instagram can disappear man
Sleep throughout the day and still feeling tired. What is wrong man..
If only that was Xiao Man, she will definitely be able to break free. #sudden
Man who lost leg in horrific accident at Tampines talks about life -- and love twitterurl twitterurl
What the fuckery fuck fuck you man -.- ??? K bij bye twitterurl
Lepak at Singapore river, drinking starbucks with friends. nightlife man! :D...
[TNP] Sales engineer jailed for slashing man he mistook as loanshark runner twitterurl
Sinar Mas owner (Eka Tjipta Widjaja) is RI???s richest man again, Bloomberg finds twitterurl
"twitterusername Im not cleaver but i creative" that true man. Hahahaha
lmao I'm gunna miss my big bear when he leaves the nest man. twitterurl
40 Things Every Self-Respecting Man Over 30 Should Own twitterurl
The camera man abit stalkerish ah anyhow take people kissing hahaha
ellona totally killed this 4chair challenge man so excited to see her up agn
Imagine the lontong and the kuah mee soto, aisey man meninggxzz
I just slipped on my bag... After jumping off my bed. Loser for life, man haha.\
(asiaone) Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man twitterurl
Holy fk tons of chio bu here man im fking happy
I done lost hella family I'm tired if this shit man !!!!!!!
Time for fifa 14 with twitterusername . While waiting for man United match
Putting Januzaj in a match where Man Utd must win? Again questioning Moyes.
David Moyes forever not playing Kagawa. No idea why, sir Alex too. He is brilliant man.
'Every man wants to screw around whenever he has the chance': Chapman To twitterurl twitterurl
Man takes his pet dog for a walk -- at Changi airport's T2 twitterurl twitterurl
Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF: Mindef twitterurl #Singapore
#lovethissong #music #happy ?? "When a Man Loves a Woman" by Michael Bolton twitterurl [pic]
hahaa work hard cfm can play well :) ??? thanks man (: motivated me haha twitterurl
Watching Running Man with abang, laptop  plugged to his tv yeayyy :3
Man takes his pet dog for a walk -- at Changi Airport's Terminal 2 twitterurl  twitterurl
Insidious was scary has hell man......:( the freaking old woman face still stuck in my head
Rmb when Amanda Bynes was normal and starred in She's the Man with Channing Tatum????
Ew yes"twitterusername Avg height for a man is 5'8? Right?"
Photoset: collectivehistory: "In November 1990 LIFE magazine published a photograph of a young man named... twitterurl
'Every man wants to screw around whenever he has the chance': Chapman To twitterurl
avengers 2 movie will feature Ultron as enemy...not Thanos...awww man
The way man utd defending and attack in CL and EPL , are really different...
and he's already showing such loyalty by ignoring talks from man city, juventus and blahblahblahblah
18 year old januzaq score 2 goal for Man United. Proud of him! #ManUnited
Like, Google and shit. You can find pretty much anything there man shit's unreal.
(malaysia sun) Chinese man jailed for pimping teen in Singapore twitterurl
Praise for medic, Private Ong Liang Kun, who helped man in accident twitterurl
I like the seat man it reminds me of a Ferrari car seat idk
i cannot watch my d.gray-man :( why cannot open the website D;
21-year-old man allegedly used toy gun to rob woman of valuables twitterurl
Man in China beaten for his incredibly convincing female??cosplay twitterurl via twitterusername lmao.
twitterurl Update on status of #SingtelFire from HWZ. Quite a lot of lines damaged, man.
[ST] Police arrest 22-year-old man for Woodlands brawl which left three injured twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for brawl that left three people injured twitterurl
Baby I'm your man~~ Haha omg I'm in love with that song!!
Ahhhh I am going crazy ??????sounds like a phrase from Running Man LOL
what the hell were thinking? stick to ur freaking status quo man. ee, tak guna betul.
Man who hacked wife's lover with choppers has forgiven her for cheating twitterurl  twitterurl
But now baby I'm dancing with another man. bedek aku dancing alone.
Spent the whole day finishing up a book. Omg man so intense
Soo next week plan is to go cycling w ite mates ohh man cant wait!
(asiaone) Man trapped in waist-deep water after falling into hole at Bt Batok twitterurl
man u are so annoying dont ever talk to me again i hate you
Honest man returns lost wallet -- but there's an even bigger surprise involved twitterurl twitterurl
"Dudeoir:" New type of man-centered sexy photography is gaining popularity twitterurl
A man who cannot lift his own body is a waste.
Aint nothing like a man who smells of a nice cologne....
Sometimes when you said yes while nodding a few times, you sounded like an old man.
In case you thought it was fiction - 'Bionic Man' Walks, Breathes w Artificial Parts #digitalhealth twitterurl
??And I thought to myself, ??Man, I must be such a drag to date.???
Honest man returns lost wallet -- but there's an even bigger surprise involved\
Man talking to Alesha made me realize how much I missed her crazy self
Battle of wanton mee. I think this one is nicer! @ Mak Man Kee Noodle Shop ???????????? twitterurl
Get better man RT twitterusername I'm being moved to ICU now :(
"But when they need something from you, man, they don't leave you alone."
This guy is so hot i can go gay for you man twitterusername
Yeah man! some day we'll come back here! RT twitterusername twitterusername that's what I'm talking about!
Huiying you got to rt this man twitterusername RT twitterusername rt if ur the ugly friend
I can't wait for the upcoming episode of Running Man woo GD!! ^^
aww man the hussein spar was painful to watch T-T they fighting cat-paw-style.
One of the best ways to keep one's thoughts away: Watch running man.
Not Kissing Nobody Ass Man At All. Not When I Aint Do Shit
put yrself in my shoes man you'll feel like tearing apart
U-know Yunho Hurt in Running Man (Cut E115) || YUNACONDA........NOOOOOO twitterurl
I hear DAESUNG's voice in the beginning! ????????? Preview of Running Man featuring G-DAE-RI ??? twitterurl
Omg! Cant wait for gd,daesung and seungri running man episode !!!
i cried watching wrecking ball mv.. omg miley i hope you'll just stay strong man :(
oh man...short of one vote to use 10 votes system
Just go fuck yourself man. Not even the slightest respect was given.
CBS > Questions persist in standoff death of 107-year-old man twitterurl #news
Man jailed for underage sex, grievous hurt and breach of domestic exclusion order twitterurl twitterurl
Trying to record the live snoring concert between Syirin and Man. Epic doh. Fight fight.
The kind of friendship that you treasure more than the rest. Yeah man
Happy birthday bro receive my ws ? See you soon man enjoy your day alright! twitterusername
Aku trus order roti canai 2 .. Harap man united score 2 ... Ok ?
GOALLLLLLLL! Nasri! 4-0 Man City! What a run by Jesus and what a cross.
No wonder bapak aku no mood. Man United is getting owned....
This sigh ??twitterusername Actually its not Moyes fault ! Just that man u got no luck???
Not asleep since i got home from work...WHY MAN WHY
"A one - man battle lane" twitterusername ( That's the title of my new book )
ppl keep asking you sick stuff-man, I pity you ??? me too twitterurl
Man orders every burger on McDonald's menu to create $179 'McEverything' twitterurl
heard a cover of that song on The X Factor USA Audition. Man she was amazing!!!!!
old man in mrt scolding ppl for not giving seat...here we go again
Man killed after tree falls on excavator on Thomson Road twitterurl #Singapore
I know I'm not a good guy,I'm just not the man,that's all
Unlike you I did not copy paste tweets .. and man I didn't talk about you ..
66-Year-Old Man Loses Penis for Trying to Impress Girlfriend. How? twitterurl // WTHHHH?
After a Liverpool lost, nothing picks me up better than a Man united thrashing.
[ST] Man gets corrective training, caning for theft at jewellery shop and extortion twitterurl
Man jailed 8 months after punching cabby who ran over dog twitterurl
Lol he having a convo with an old man punye lah lame
Hais.. So bored man. Seeing my mates playing GTA V.. so good :(
"twitterusername Man in Nairobi Women???s Rep Rachel Shebesh slapping claim untraceable twitterurl Haaaaahaha!
twitterurl Chongqing, China: Man tries to sell off zhnged Hyundai as Lamborghini.
No worries man! RT twitterusername Thanks for letting me crash at your place bro! :) twitterusername
[Y!FB] Man the photo admits to planning to kidnap, torture and eat a child.\
I'm not interested in joining army dude. I died while running to Padang stage man.
Walao. My camera best man. Screen show so nice, enlarge a lot blur t_t
how do you find a blind man in a nudest colony?  ....... it's not hard
What a hell!! 6 man tag team match! Hope twitterusername and The Usos win! #Smackdown
Lesson learned, bring your license wherever you go.. Cause.. Sigh what the hell man.
Sleep now. Waking up for champions league match later !!! MAN UTD VS BAYER LEVERKUSEN #GGMU
Omg my lil bro is in the hospital what happened man
' The scarf is not catered to the man, but a woman???s connection with God. '
You're slowly losing your dignity as a man. It's such a shame.
Running Man priority tix is out for sale. Damn I don't gave money.
zzzzz end up appointment change to next Sunday fuck man so screwed
Ayataka is as tasteless as a man wearing crocs with shorts and singlet to orchard road.
Deleting you number right...now. Stuff a durian up your ass man hate you so much.
Shall go down for a smoke man. Too bored at home.
Screw the SBST Bus App?? Under maintenance work. Cannot view bus arrival. Screw man.
Thanks god im using android. The amount of complaints for iOS7 is chialat man!!! Hahhaha
I need running man and monday couple! And a dose of the betrayal giraffe.
No daily dosage of running man :( but its ok cos I got to watch himym s9e01
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
Running man cast is coming to jp on 19th oct?! Omgggggg.... jihyo....
Hope you're going to work today, I haven't seen you for a week man..):
[ST] Man jailed for punching cabby and fined for mischief twitterurl
Omg a bird came into my kitchen through the window!! So scared of birds man seriously! >_<
There's a beast in every man. It stirs when you put a sword in his hand.
[ST] Fifth man jailed in second online vice ring case twitterurl
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
Chillin with my lil man . Then off to do some hair .
Man jailed 9 months for taking upskirt videos of women twitterurl
A real man never stops trying to show his woman how much she means to him.
(today) Man jailed 9 months for taking upskirt videos of women twitterurl
Im not just broke. Im also a broken hearted man HAHAHA
if anyone seriously go revise the sec 1 stuff i look up to you man
How the fuck is that possible?you think i rich man son ah?
I beg to differ. RT twitterusername I'm a man of my word.
Mystery man helps put out car fire at Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl #Singapore
Mystery man helps put out car fire at Woodlands Checkpoint: ???????? twitterurl
40-year-old Man Gets Jail Term For Stabbing a Bird twitterurl via twitterusername
Man Found Guilty Of Killing Pregnant Girlfriend To Avoid Child Support twitterurl via twitterusername
I swear to god,this is so intense man. Send Rachel Potter home c'mon!
L.A.-based photographer Dan Krauss covered the Burning Man festival for AARP. twitterurl #photojournalism
I think Kagawa should go back to Dortmund. No use bench-ing at Man U
40 things a self-respecting 30 years and older man should own: twitterurl
As concession, here's a safer pic of a dapper young man. Smoker. I like.  twitterurl
im like watching running man and doing my 3rd piece lol
The Running Man Race Start! Fan Meeting in Singapore is starting real soon! #RunningManInSG twitterurl
The Running Man! Race Start in Singapore press con is starting soon! #RunningManInSG
HaHa asked what's the most popular Singaporean idol group & people replied Running Man! #RunningManInSG
??twitterusername Running Man members running late at press conference in #Singapore #??????? twitterurl lmaoooooo
jurong island open house tomorrow, cannot see running man cast at jp nuhh
??RT twitterusername The Running Man press conference has ended! See you guys tomorrow! #RunningManInSG twitterurl
Man crushed to death against concrete barrier while unloading shipping container twitterurl twitterurl
[HQ Photos] 181013 Running Man "Race Start" in Singapore Press Conference twitterurl #RunningMan #RunningManInSG #RMinSG
CBS > N.Y. man arrested for trying to join al Qaeda-linked group twitterurl #news
52-year-old man arrested after allegedly causing destructive rampage at Geylang hotel twitterurl twitterurl
When I see Running Man trending in SG, i thought Mas Selamat escaped again.
5 reasons why we rather watch Running Man than watch local variety twitterurl
S'pore fans throng to Jurong Point for a glimpse a Running Man stars twitterurl twitterurl
The Running Man Race Start! Fan Meeting in Singapore is starting soon! #RunningManinSG twitterurl
Running Man members are having a chat session now! #RunningManinSG twitterurl
Im not moving, im not moving....... ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Running Man on stage (: Jihyo says she loves Singapore! twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
The next game with the fans is tug-of-war: Fans VS Running Man family!! #RunningManinSG
??May Allah bless the man who says less and does more.???\
Everyone squeezing at jp to watch running man ... i want tooooo
The fans are cheering for the members of Running Man at Jurong Point #RunningManInSG
Police arrest man who allegedly wanted to rob #Yishun bank with replica gun twitterurl twitterurl
Some dude is selling his analog man chorus. The question is?? WHY?!
gotta thank asyraaf for downloading the movies, i really need to relax man
K this is it man bring it on: Raya @ Chalet. LOL LAAAAA
I ate quite alot. Man its only nenek's place. Not yet Nyai's.
Miss too much episode of running man. Now I'm finally able to watch all of it.
CBS > Connecticut man jailed in Russia is allowed to speak to his wife twitterurl #news
Second man charged with planting dry ice bombs in US airport twitterurl
I still find it funny when people ask me for career advice hahah oh man.
Em still thinking thinking thinking me still deciding deciding~ What subjects man
Man spends entire live savings on plastic surgery -- to look just like Justin Bieber twitterurl twitterurl
I hope Running Man can come back to Singapore and film. :(
Fucking hell drew to man utd. Now moving to extra time!
Watching Running Man featuring GD, Seungri and Daesung with my brother. ??????
exo on running man okay what is life right now oh dear
Man sentenced to six months' jail for stealing a pair of birds twitterurl
Police arrest man who allegedly wanted to rob Yishun bank with Beretta replica air pistol\
omg the first three episodes are completed?! the priority thing works man :D
Was napping and then I coughed like I was about to die man hahahahaha
monday couple so fucking sweet man. sweeter than twilight love story ;) HAHA
I Gotta Watch This Preachers Of LA Man! Been Hearing Too Much Lately! #WhereIBeen #WorkaholicProblems #DCMG
Running man coming back next year again! WOOOO. Can't wait. #RunningManinSG #RunningManSGFanMeet19Oct #rminsg
Southampton, 4th place, not bad, doing good. Man U 8th place whachu doin' mate
The encore is super high omg I almost faint hahahhaha you rock man goo!! twitterusername
Thanks for cheering me up, man! I totally appreciate it. Goodnight. :) twitterusername
AYE crash: Man texted loved ones while being trapped in manged taxi\
Fly to the Southern part of the USA and eat real Cajun food. Fuck Popeyes man.
anyone has a 3ds around here? friend codes? man i need friends
I can tell dis man high n tweetin he semmi speakin some real shit
#Imissmyhair Hair is one of the most important thing for every man. twitterurl
Liverpool man who called in bomb hoax on his wedding day jailed for a year twitterurl
What is your attitude to smoking? ??? URM IDK MAN. I'm not a smoker. twitterurl
I'm actually torn between watching Real Madrid & Man U hahahaha stick to one Elisha!
So many people wearing the #FirstXl jersey , I'm so jealous man :'(
Stop dwelling and fretting over shits already man stop it stop it stop itttttttt
2 weeks before final and im just lying on my bed and tweeting,nice man,nice
I got the biggest attitude known to man right now and I was just fine!!!
Police nab man allegedly involved in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl twitterurl
Red light special is a classic ??twitterusername All TLC music was about sex man.???
[CNA] Man in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange to be charged in court twitterurl
Saw the man I love doing the thing he does best....sing
??twitterusername no time for boy girl relationship ????????? sekarang man women relationship already.
Man not replying. So i should just grab my dinner and head home then.
Its my dream I'll deal with it stop giving a fuck about my dreams man
One man jam lol. That's a quick one from my original song twitterurl
Later watching 2 days 1 night after chelsea vs Man City
Just saw a fully grown man have a 1D song as his phone's ringtone
Who the hell going to visit me man? So scary merry. Omg.
Dont be such a fucking pussy man. Grow a fucking backbone.
Le #old #man. Too old and naughty. #igsg #instasg #instapic #instadog #woof #white #dog twitterurl
Spooktacular Halloween was great but WHY AM I SICK AT THE WRONG TIMING MAN ZZZ.
Everyones asleep or at cliche man my tl so fucking dead.
why did it decided to rain soon man. totally wrong timing and now I'm stuck, literally.
Why are mangoes called mangoes where is the man going whut?
"twitterusername twitterusername Please watch your tweets young man. Do you want some penis?" Wtf is this
remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is
Ok gimme back my balls! :( RT twitterusername twitterusername stop complaining and be a man!
11 members of EXO on running man + ryu hyun jin wow
Police investigating unnatural death of man at Swissotel The Stamford hotel twitterurl twitterurl
Police investigating unnatural death of a man at Swissotel The Stamford hotel twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Chris Brown goes to rehab for anger management after charged for assaulting a man."
I need tons of running man! They are the key to my laughters every night.
Terrified Han Xue falls on backdrop after half naked man pounces on her twitterurl twitterurl
Salute: Malaysian woman flies to China to marry paralysed man twitterurl
Man arrested for string of housebreaking and theft cases in Jurong West twitterurl
Watching new Episode of running man, tell me why kwangsoo forever so adorable !
[TNP] Man behind Boon Tong Kee says he lives a simple life twitterurl
[TNP] Man found dead at foot of block after blast in his flat twitterurl
a man drunk his own pee to cure his asthma what a time to be alive
EUGH. I just threw up in my mouth. he's so fuckin burnt man.
yeah man mr yg should obviously regret being so cold towards team b #PleaseDebutTeamB
how jerkish he was when i just got with him now he's a total changed man
i can't believe mitch has been gone a year wtf man
why them hoes talkin tell em worry abt what THEY man do !
Man says he told US where bin Laden was hiding twitterurl
Wanted to Call twitterusername but end calling some china man.. hahaha
Omg I had an epic nightmare man. *prays to God that it won't happen again*
new mcfly AND one direction videos today I can't deal man.
never ever get Grey top man shirts. worse decision ever to wear one out
I dislike to watch running man but i deeply In love with Gary.He is cute ok
Family went off to ktph to visit aunty already. I'm all alone man.
Only listened to man overboard's acoustic album, but its a good time to go deeper
Cappuccino on a rainy noon. I love my life. ??? @ Common Man Coffee Roasters twitterurl
Prince Harry on being Prince William???s best man. twitterusername twitterurl
Man charged in court for allegedly attacking and molesting woman in West Coast twitterurl
The man who can't be moved  at Heni's room twitterurl on #SoundCloud
Police appealing for next-of-kin of man who passed away twitterurl
Cheer up man "twitterusername I became pretty numb. Its just a never ending cycle"
Man United trainig kit, Real Madrid training kit or Inter Milan training kit?
[ST] Indranee Rajah stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl
Man mocked online by Miss Singapore finalist thought of quitting job twitterurl
Need chelsea and man city to screw up big time in the remaining matches plsssss
Man pees in public at Woodlands void deck -- without realising he's being watched twitterurl twitterurl
this fucking guy just make me can't sleep oh man -_- i mean seriously huh
MBLAQ's Be a Man MV teaser?? Lee Joon ahhhh i love that look! twitterurl twitterurl
Day by day I'm going softer and softer hais need to man up alr hahahaha.
Wow fuck these people who enter the train and not move in, man.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername when you see a girl looking at your man twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername you want it back or nah ????keep it man
Awww man i'm really loving the show. So many layers to it. Last 2 episodes somemore. :|
Man arrested for attempting to enter S'pore without valid pass twitterurl #Singapore
[TODAY] Malaysian man charged for attempted checkpoint breach, remanded at IMH twitterurl
Malaysian man charged for attempted checkpoint breach, remanded at IMH twitterurl twitterurl
Yes man we did it (I'm gonna miss everything though, good times guys) twitterurl
Naneun bogoshipo twitterusername stay healthy, happy, handsome and cool as usual my dearest man ??? ??? Sleep well :)
[TNP] Man killed, wife badly hurt after motorbike crashes in M'sia twitterurl
Man builds apartment inside Florida shopping mall, and lives there for four years twitterurl twitterurl
Now for man city to finish off everton once and for all
well guess who is gg to be a handsome young man when he grows up? twitterurl
Seeing some fools on my tl hating on man u...nth new...must be liverpool fans~
papa YG oredi donate.. stupid lee soo man, it's your turn now... #GodIsWatchingYou
Man fined for getting others to take rap for traffic offences twitterurl
Dreading to go to work again. How am I to survive for a whole month man
Waiting for them TED dudes, time needs to move faster man I'm all alone.
When was the last time you screamed? ??? Real man don't scream, cheh jk twitterurl
[ST] Malaysian man arrested for attempting to breach Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
gagaga this feeling sucks ttc. I didn't ask for it man.
"twitterusername What is mee goreng without egg man"mee goreng cina
[ST] Man fined $2,500 for not getting approval to be a major shareholder of moneylender twitterurl
Just hope next manager will help Man Utd rise again.#GGMU #MUFC twitterurl
Would we see a change in table standing for Man Utd after a change in manager?
[Y!FB] An old man was hit by a speeding train, but escaped unscathed.\
Noble "twitterusername Muslim man gives his footwear to shoeless commuter and walks home barefoot twitterurl twitterurl
Im blowed ! Just gone keep what I had,to say in my head man
Man working on MS Santoso 03. She's powered by twin #yanmar @ PT M Santoso twitterurl
Death of 300kg young man in #China sets the alarm bells ringing twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername there is literally nothing sexier than a sharply dressed man twitterurl this this
"twitterusername Google catches man receiving a hand job from a prostitute. twitterurl
I'm tired . I need to lie down and watch running man and eat maggi !
coming from the man who swears in front of me all the fucking time la
That desire to win is unimaginable,i'm not even kidding man
I bleed bc im a man you pussy punch me and ran? smlj bo standard.pls!
The quiz answer abt the FIFA world cup 2018 on running man i know sia
Fml the Foodfare here has better songs playing than my workplace. What the flying fuck man.
[CNA] Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial twitterurl
(today) Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial twitterurl
Yeah muscle man wkwkwk RT twitterusername 0406GD Oh Lord ! Is it Hongbin ???? O_O
Shots from both sides!! Neymar n Benzema!! This is GOOD SHIT MAN!!
Youre Not A Man If You Can Take Care Of Someone Else's Kids Before Youre Own
I have faith in man u but they like not on form for the past games..
Tammy Gan going to fucking Neptune for this Kaleidoscope thing, man.
Today gym session attract the wrong kind of people. WTF man.
"twitterusername In China, a man sued his wife for being ugly ??? and won"
Deep thoughts running through your mind. Time to be a man, coward.
[ST] One Million KG Challenge: Man loses 40kg after health scare twitterurl
Man mocked online by Miss Singapore Universe finalist thought of quitting job twitterurl twitterurl
This Millionaire Playboy Is The Most Interesting Man On Instagram twitterurl
Dude wtf? 0.5 is alot man. RT twitterusername GPA dropped by 0.5. But understandable haha
Saw an elderly man helping his wife to the toilet, so sweet. #TrueLove
Man jailed seven months for molesting three women on Sentosa twitterurl
Man arrested for allegedly attacking and molesting at least one woman twitterurl
Just realized that i have one quite good looking man haha
If you a weed man nd dont take debit, step yo fuckin game up lmao
Police looking for man in connection with theft at shopping centre twitterurl #Singapore
I want to see the actual article but there's too much to backtrack man
Man builds replica of China's first aircraft carrier -- all because his grandson wanted one twitterurl twitterurl
Not even close for 'Keris Man' "twitterusername Hishammuddin PM Material? Think Again! - twitterurl
This song makes me feels like "oh man I miss that moment!"
Firefighters rescue elderly man who fell from fourth storey of Toa Payoh block twitterurl twitterurl
Damn i didnt get choosen in the starting lineup for man utd
Man caught on camera snatching gold chains worth thousands and fleeing twitterurl twitterurl
[TODAY] Man accused of paid sex with minor found not guilty twitterurl
That Indian mad man starts to message again. But I'm ignoring his message as usual.
I need to find new shows to watch rather than running man
Just can't wait for the episode on Asia dream cup on running man in June
JUST IN: As many as 5 injured in Toronto office stabbing, one man arrested
Online vice case: 34th man jailed for having paid sex with underage social escort twitterurl
Man filmed stopping SBS Transit bus along Serangoon Road arrested twitterurl #Singapore
[TODAY] Man arrested for kicking a bus along Serangoon Rd twitterurl
Police arrested 51 year old man for kicking and blocking a bus twitterurl
.twitterusername hi. In fact, I can't even reach an operator on ur hotline. Wassup, man?
Mblaq key + be a man. I was like ??? for awhile lol
Man fined $4,000 for stealing $1,800 DSTA laptop and deleting classified information twitterurl
Man fined $4,000 for stealing $1,800 DSTA laptop and deleting classified information twitterurl #Singapore
I tell myself man, im not gonna do it again. Never again
"Wheresoever fear arises, it arises in the fool, not in the wise man"
!!!!!!!!! "twitterusername Man I really don???t care who I fall off with anymore"
??twitterusername Man twitterusername pretty I cuff her lil ass??? don't be that nigga
PMS for women. man must be understand what situation she will face it. Relax lah. Tapi.
Woman jailed 12 months for abetting god-daughter, 15, to have paid sex with man twitterurl
[ST] Police seeking information on 75-year-old man last seen on Tuesday in Punggol twitterurl
I'd like to see One-Punch Man do a collaborative series with MARVEL or DC.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 red carpet even at MBS sia
Red carpet event for The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has ended! Press conference starts now! #SpiderMan
Corey is looking for a "nice educated black man" for his prom date FYI
Donnie Yen feels no pressure playing Ip Man for the third time\
Nepalese man jailed for cheating in casinos by marking cards twitterurl #Singapore
I was expecting bayern to thrashed man united. But, hah nvm then.
[TODAY] Little India riot: Sixth man jailed for failing to disperse twitterurl
Man who uploaded nude pictures of former girlfriend gets six weeks' jail twitterurl
Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse twitterurl
A man is being investigated for making a false police report about a stolen IC. twitterurl
[ST] Man, 29, investigated for making false police report about stolen IC twitterurl
Fuck man every night getting worse day by day. Nothing to do every night!!!
[ST] Drunk man arrested after being subdued with taser at Chin Swee Road twitterurl
The most stupid man in the world was staying inside of me..
oh no, no female is arguing with my man in front of me. excuse you
Man gets one day???s jail for obscene act in public twitterurl
Man charged with hurting police officer for allegedly biting policeman  twitterurl
Man City got their momentum so we need to step it up #YNWA #CMONREDS
Happy Bday, Aries man.. Stay healthy (not cranky).. GBU, buddy (with Iyan) [pic] ??? twitterurl
Oh fuck! My asthma is back and i got no inhaler.. had to breathe man
oh man im really in a trolling mood sorry in advances twitterusername monkeys *devilish grin*
Here I stand, Nothing more than a broken man starring death in the face.
You broke up with your girlfriend just because she wears tudung? Wtf man?
How a careless text message cost one man $53,000 - Yahoo News Singapore twitterurl
Meet the 'Herbivore Man': A perfect S'porean bachelor -- except he isn't into women twitterurl twitterurl
Meet the 'Herbivore Man': A perfect S'porean bachelor -- except his career comes before women twitterurl twitterurl
(yahoo) Man arrested for trying to tailgate through Woodlands Checkpoint twitterurl
crane is some sick man having some sick fantasies and doing sick things bleargh
Malaysian man charged for trying to sneak through Woodlands Checkpoint immigration twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername A man is not defined by his intentions, only by his actions."
"twitterusername Family of Asia's richest man Li Ka Shing sells $1.1 billion Beijing property twitterurl twitterurl
Police arrested a 44-year-old man believed to be responsible for injuring 3 people twitterurl
Omg the Australia episode of Running Man. I wanted to go to Tangalooma...
Singaporean man sets himself on fire in front of JB clinic twitterurl twitterurl
That man is cruelly depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
Man Utd kalah dah,so we don't know each other anymore twitterusername twitterurl
"Inside 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' -- And Sony's strategy to supersize its franchise" twitterurl via twitterusername
I don't think you're the only one for me. I don't think you're my real man.
OH GOD! Now playing at mansion - Let it rain over me ! Memories man!
been following this man less than 24 hrs he's already proceeded to irritate me
Everybody Beats Is Sounding The Same Man Smh! #SwitchItUp #WORKHARDER #ReINVENTYOURSOUND #DCMG
Guys getting hot tonight man!! #vscocam #vsco #lgbt #love #potd #whiteparty #moodshot #omg #ootd #ootn?? twitterurl
Hantar nasi (@ Gua Chelsea dan Man Utd w/ 2 others) twitterurl
US city flushes reservoir, ditching 38 million gallons of water, after man urinates in it twitterurl
"twitterusername Felt disgusted by ur existence. Just fuck off seriously man."
23 year old man arrested for outraging the modesty of 19 yr old girl twitterurl
I want to be better but my fear really gtg man this sucks a lot
What was the last present you received? ??? Iron man action figure from emran.. twitterurl
I use to be Tripping man smh lol...well that's past tense now
Malaysian man in Johor dies of MERS-CoV after returning from pilgrimage twitterurl twitterurl
Still see quite a bit of Man U jerseys. Well done fans
His lady makes him laugh over the phone. He is one lucky man
"twitterusername 'I hope Man City hammer us on Saturday' - My Dad, Everton fan."
Biarkan Biarkan ... man .. that song is sticking in my head since this evening #PuteraRajaLuncai .___.
Lol do you really think calling other people desperate is gonna make you a man.
(asiaone) 59-year-old man found dead at building along Rochor Road twitterurl
tbh singapore govt wants the students be the most perfect  and smartest students idk man
??twitterusername When You Were My Man by Shila Amzah twitterurl on #SoundCloud???
running nose make me feel like a drug addict. man im taking everything so serious!
sighs, why is this happening man. i wasn't expecting this to happen.
My ex just sent me the saddest fuckin text ever man
Passed a test I technically didn't study for, Sterling got banned, & Rihanna, man today's great lmao
Man greeted with haunting display after opening up shed he hasn't entered in 3 years twitterurl
i dont want your man , you man be calling me , tryna get me to see , that he want me to be wit him ..... bu he aint the one for meeeee !
A young lady slipped on the road and fell. Her bf helped her up and they walked on. If I'm Her dad, I'd say, "you're my man! No. Her man"
Saw this vid on Stomp,a man n an apek were bickering in the MRT about Singaporeans being racist n it ended up with man spitting on the apek.
#38 YO OMG IT'S BEEN SO LONG YA. I miss dancing man man ha ni with you TT Anyways you're a really nice girl & I'm glad I got to know you ^^
theres a new iron man coming out? thats stupid tight. iron man gets all the bitches id be him or the human torch if could be a superhero lol
to be a real woman, always have money as back up. if ever a man run away, you'll stay strong. never be a housewife and run back to a man
Someone said to me just now, Owen, do you Like man united or u hate them. My reply: I don't like or hate them. I fucking love man united
Man. They expect woman to do all the things woman do and at the same time be able to do what man can do, if not better. How ironic.
Don't ever be proud of yourself when you can sleep w girls . You can be the man of all woman but, you not the man of any their husband .
Every girl fantasy is to meet a man who is willing to buy a lorry of roses for them. I just want a man who can buy me food. A LOT OF FOOD.
Night to the man that may not be handsome sexy or cool .but to me he the only man that can make me follow him anywhere in the world twitterusername
anyone can get really angry when they are hungry. "A hungry man is an angry man". Oh, u havent seen a hungry woman yet. She can eat a whale.
"Who is following the function of what, and what I am is a man in a mask. I'm remarking the paradox of asking a masked man who he is." - V
[Music Bank Live] 100% - Want You Back now. 2nd time watching, i still think there's 1 part of dance reminds me of U-KISS Man Man Ha Ni =p
The man you love locked up in POW camp....how can a woman find the strength to climb hills to visit the man she loves to see him thin and
This old man he played one. He played knick knack on my thumb. With a knick knack paddywack giv a dog a bone. This old man came rollin hom.
Man Utd fans being all Liverpool fans whenever a team is playing Man Utd, so yeah, if they can tell us to fuck off, so can I. FUCK OFF.
"Every man at some point in his life is gonna lose a battle but what makes him a man is at the midst of the battle he does not lose himself"
Need to start studying for N's la srsly i have to get my ass up man. Place knives on my bed and i only get so study while sitting down man
Of course, but sometimes we need to love. Mybe now we meet wth the wrong man, but the nxt day we get the right man more than this twitterusername
No man should ever compare a girl with another. No man should ever show a girl a picture of a hot girl and say that she should be like her.
i dont want your man , your man be calling me , tryna get me to see , that he want me to be wit him ..... bu he aint the one for meeeee !
When a man is in relationship ...don't go there...cos if u win the man then he can be won by someone else just remember that. Men are fickle
That I want but can never have the man that has utterly destroy my life made it worth living the man that I love yet doesn't know who I am
I will not wish for a superhero a man that has everything....I just want a man that I will wait for an eternity for if he has to leave
Being a man u fan and having to watch a brilliant liverpool match because I am the only fan in khairs crib.. I wanna watch man u play T.T
Derrick Rose 3.5!!! Royal Blue and Year of the Snake colours!!! So dope man!!!! Thinking of the blue one twitterurl
This reminds me of my sec 5 days. Not having sleep to school but im working till 11pm. Cool man.
Man eating pancakes is hard when you have to chew more than 20 times with every slice
Morning twitterusername :) . Man United dgn Real Madrid end up draw 1 - 1 . First goal Welbeck. Lepas tu Ronaldo masukkan. :)
??twitterusername lol why no one ever wish me good night hahaha sucker for life???goodnight young man x
Meantime... I rediscovered what a control freak I am when the thosai man 'ponded' daal on my thosai. Arrgh.
I wonder what is twitterusername doing/thinking of right now. He must be feeling nervous a hell man.
I don't wanna see hitler aka Jessie leong omg geography class is like a nazi state man no freedom!!
My nigga chance like the tin man off of twitter and the lion after oz on twitter.
"The man being investigated is believed to hold the position of assistant director and he has reportedly been... twitterurl
Haish, but I've even dared myself to ask her out. -.- Man there's tons of guys chasing after her... twitterusername
Jersey ? ........ RT twitterusername Man, the chocolate syafiqah gave me was my favourite! Cookies and cream jersey! Gaah
Son beheads father in Australia: SYDNEY: A man was charged with murder after allegedly decapitating his father i... twitterurl
Don't like it when people emo and go around telling others how sad they were. Just shut up man.
Wow youre poetic man ? Kiss me please RT twitterusername Cinta = cincin dan permata, hati = harta dan properti
Not trying to say i regret but , they way you treat me too bad man , too bad.
#IT #Job in #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...: Working Student (f/m): Project Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
"twitterusername I love guys who have big eyes, broad shoulders and are tall. #tpconfessions" Fuck my eyes man.
Thanks twitterusername for the awesome watch man. Appreciate it alot bro :) i love you, no homo hahaha. twitterurl
Wearing my brown shoes out this Weekend, and I'm thinking, " Man! It's been a long time eh! " Heh.
What does it take to be a real #Goon? ??? The tin man, the lion, and the scarecrow. #HeartCourageBrains... twitterurl
"If you want something SAID ask a man; if you want something DONE, ask a woman." Margaret Thatcher
So apparently some tudung girl who dressed in a spider-man colour scheme got photographed and is now a meme.
I respect his decision. /pats joongie/ "twitterusername Let`s be serious here~ Real man wear flowery apron . #legit"
.....First time ever in my life i gave up enduring... Its mentally killing me... I am man enough to admit...
Man Utd manager Alex Ferguson reckons current team is even better than the treble-winning team of 1999 twitterurl
Showing his Singaporean Core! RT twitterusername Naked man wanders around Ang Mo Kio near crowded hawker centre\
Omfg mum watched running man ep with myungsoo all and im like why didnt you record it dhjsksodowoodid
No he's not RT twitterusername Roberto Mancini now says he's the man to make Manchester City champions of Europe
yay!! ??twitterusername RT twitterusername [PHOTOS] Kim Jong Kook tells fans he hopes to bring Running Man to Singapore twitterurl
i actually can't bear to separate w this iphone4 man. it's been 2 years w so many memories sigh..
lololol xD RT twitterusername twitterusername also a business man! LOL I falling in love with this businessman! twitterurl
Knn.. Saw a guy wearing a Man U jersey but not watching the game.. What kind of fan are you?!
I feel really bad for the girl whose hair got burned off but WTH MAN THAT'S SO FREAKING HILARIOUS HAHAHAHA
ew rainbow is like damn ugly how did they even qualify the looks part man O.O fucking ugly sia!!!
??twitterusername [News] Lee Kwang Soo Gets Humiliated by Jackie Chan???s Joke on Running Man episode 135 twitterurl
The only thing I'm looking forward tomorrow is just a new episode of eng subbed RUNNING MAN.
What should a real man be able to do? ??? Not to cOmplain anything and bear w anything. twitterurl
Mum, would you please get off of the laptop I need to SEE THE TRAILER Iron Man 3 #IronMan3
Man sentenced to 14 months' jail, driving ban for stealing Volvo and driving it to Ipoh twitterurl
Idc man. I have period i have cough but its exam over. Now im celebrating with sharetea n subway
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea: March 06, 2013 6:56 PMSearch and rescue operatio... twitterurl
Man i've been craving Pizza since Last month!!!!! Finally it came true!!! Ahh can never be anymore happy! :D
#lifestyle #news: British 'Batman' unmasks himself as takeaway delivery man: He was joking when he ... twitterurl #singapore
I love man united. I love the spirit till the end. Ref cost us the game. Just not our luck :(
"twitterusername twitterusername HBD mirror boy!" Thanks Man Ni ! Mirror boy ah? I want put ear stud kena mirror boy :')
#local #news Singaporean man missing in Hawaii: Singapore's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) and i... twitterurl #singapore
VIDEO: ???Elevator Murder Experiment??? Goes Viral: What would you do if you accidentally stumbled upon a man gett... twitterurl
The Nigga I Dated With A Fade Was Childish, Cocky But Ugly ??, Dirty, Liar, & Just Flat Out Weak Man .
Vehicular Manslaughter Charge in NY Couple's Crash: NY man charged with criminally negligent homicide in crash... twitterurl
ANSWER IT ??? HAHAHA WHO ARE YOU MAN. Shoot zh.....shag lyon.......marry chris.............YOU MADE ME DO THIS. I ... twitterurl
Idk man i feel so bad for justin i hope i could take away his pain :( twitterusername
If you could do anything now, what would you do? ??? focus on watching running man, twitter's distracting me, and ... twitterurl
"twitterusername Name the seniors you miss ??? augustine,vincent,zhaoshuo ya lun!! :) twitterurl haha saw my name aww thanks man
How interesting it is when we are all related in some way or rather? Hahaha i love this fact man.
If that's what you think of me, you know what? So be it. I'm done trying man. Just shit.
Where is Bloomington pd when they really needed!! This man driving down this one way street like this doe wtf!!!
I LOVE JB! FOLLOW ME RT twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername
"twitterusername Not a fan of Man Utd but seems like they're getting better and better" They are always better . :) #GGMU
Dear ex, I'm too young, too dumb to realise what should I what do when I was your man.
#lifestyle #news: Psychiatric help made compulsory for man: He pushed woman off bus and was charged... twitterurl #singapore
last morning tmr , last morning tmr . I can wake up man !!! Good morning, I'm kinda late today ~~
Wow first time in my life that teachers are making me so mad. Miss Bp teachers man..
[ST] Man jailed for threatening to throw woman from 11th floor, slapping woman: March 13, 2013 2:05... twitterurl #singapore
The title cracked me up ????????twitterusername Man jailed for slapping woman and threatening to throw her from 11th floor twitterurl
Man jailed for threatening to throw woman from 11th floor slapping woman: A contractor who threatened to throw... twitterurl
Someone cut out today's encore stage 'Dream Girl' into mp3... Minho rapping while doing push-up! So man :DD
AsiaClassifiedToday: Vote: Who Should Win the Man Asian Prize? - Wall Street Journal (blo... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Thank God I took a wise decision to sleep "early" yesterday instead of watching running man or anything.
??twitterusername thnx to me -,-"RT twitterusername Dah addicted lagu when I was your man . hiksss"???no thanks me hahaha
Stupid malaysian cab driver. Be careful girls. "twitterusername Man detained in rape, robbery of American woman twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername Girls with legs..... OH DAMN SON??? with you know..DAT ASS ??" thats a combo man??? SET A ??
INFINITE Comeback with Man in Love~~~ Woollim trying to show INFINITE has grown into mature young men now? =p
tried to do the barstarzz , 45's but fuck its so hard thats years of training man ?????????????????? twitterurl
better lock ya tweets if they hot fam ?? i will delete them quotes and make it mines man ??
Who's worse: Australian man who watched #porn in office or guy who put his pic online? twitterurl
I'm wearing thick knitted sweater and the sun is showing no mercy on me. My fever's gonna get worse man..
ive been thinking , who shud i choose to be my right man . syaqirin or amad . hmm haha #sembangtaiko
#local #news Chinese national jailed for stealing bag on SilkAir flight: A 47-year-old man has been... twitterurl #singapore
I wanted to miss beer tonight by opting for a lychee martini. Apparently I was not man enough for it.
Wkwkwk kecuali melihara tuyul. RT twitterusername RT twitterusername The rich man is not free, he is a slave to money.
In this song, twitterurl , Gary from Running Man says my name at 3:07 #ohyeah #superstar #probablymeanscheeseinkorean
Police looking for man to assist with investigations into theft: March 19, 2013 3:05 PMThe police are looking ... twitterurl
Who's worse: Australian man who watched porn in office or guy who put his pic online? twitterurl
twitterurl Chinese national jailed for stealing bag on SilkAir flight: SINGAPORE: A 47-year-old man... twitterurl
My man is back from his trip. It's meal time... AGAIN #always #eating #bulking #buff #manmountain twitterurl
what a faggot twitterusername Man jailed 3 weeks for recording woman in shower with spy camera twitterurl
??twitterusername Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece on three occasions, started when she was 10 years old twitterurl
i saw a man wearing a blazer, nice dark jeans, and nike frees teh fuk is up with white ppl
My stomach's burning and bloated. Burning real bad. Bloated real bad. Need to shit all this shit out man
Yess this botak man in my club.He choosed MatYoh as the best player.Yang pilih Mahali main jauh-jauh
Man finds 7cm knife in back three years after stabbing twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Acting out your dreams? Prepare for Lewy bodies dementia: The strongest predictor of whether a man is developi... twitterurl
I wanna fuck a wallet . RT twitterusername Man with sexual fetish for wallets jailed 13 months twitterurl
Belgian creche killer convicted: A Belgian man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two babies and... twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man - Jun Sung Ahn Violin Cover
??twitterusername Man charged with beating monkey to death in an Idaho's zoo last year pleads guilty twitterurl
Skinny Yeollie eat more~ RT twitterusername  INFINITE Man in Love Making MV - Sungyeol~ eating and eating! xD twitterurl
[LINK] Running Man EPI 138 with Guests: Kim Sooro, Kim Woobin,Lee Jonghyun,Lee Jongsuk and Min Hyorin twitterurl (twitterusername
Back then, that man in white set history. Thank god everything were on our side. Good and bad times?? twitterurl
"twitterusername I know im not suppose to be feeling this way. But really man. this is tiring ."
"in running man we don't shake hands" yeah LOL RIP AND FIGHT FIRST THEN "hey nice to meet you"
"twitterusername twitterusername why wow?? Wanna become hit man with me?? :D" i'll just stick to becoming Batman :)
Gotta find the time man! :) RT twitterusername twitterusername more than glad to teach ya what i've learnt!
it's so damn difficult to be the middle man being sandwiched in between the head and tail.
PHOTO twitterusername 4 ships catch fire a Jurong shipyard. 1 man injured, 1 ship sank twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
NJ Man Officially Claims Lotto Jackpot: Dominican immigrant who won $338M lottery to take lump-sum payout wort... twitterurl
Why do i even have to bother to care in the first place LOL its because of you man
OMG: A Nigerian Man Killed With Kitchen Knife Like A Goat In Austria - Gistmania twitterurl via twitterusername
Blake Patterson's Byte Cellar: the ultimate man cave for aspiring geeks:   Apple IIGS? Of course. Commodore 64C?... twitterurl
iPhone racket mastermind used network of childrenSydney Morning HeraldA man accused of using stolen credit card ... twitterurl
Why Apple and not Skype? Chinese man sues Apple over alleged internet call patent infringement twitterurl via twitterusername
Got one China man playing game in his iPhone and he so happy hahah childish la... AING.!
Stephen Wolfram interview: THE man whose software is behind Apple???s personal assistant Siri on the iPhone 4S has... twitterurl
"But I'm not gonna date a man who doesn't have an iPhone & an has an email that's not Gmail" #gallerygirls
Sigh my points are okay to Accountancy but Im not eligible bcuz I failed my English ! Shit man ... T_T
Fuck man dad got dickies boots from his company for free. But never mind! I still have doc martens!
I seriously feel like giving this man a boot to the face. what a freakingly annoying person
Anw dude, cheer up man. You're rising a mountain bike. I know how it feels like cause I've been there.
dude, cheer up man. You're riding a mountain bike. I know how it feels like cause I've been there.
Oh man. I wanna go for the class reunion. But if i go, im the only one without transportation.
I was ?? someone just now and he caught me looking at him man OMG xy r u a loser
YES MAN I KNOW ALR . I think I know how that son of a bitch stole my phone :twitterusername
The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest, for he has not earned it.
Okay, my boyfriend just asked me, chicken chop or fish and chips....AHHHHHHHHH IDK MAN. Both are my favourite.
Using software, man tracks thief who stole his iPhone, then gets in an 18-minute brawl with him twitterurl
Yes fak man. But fight game. RT twitterusername luqman ! i heard yesterday you guys lose is it ? hais.... twitterusername
Man this movie would be awesome to be watched in big screeen. But both blitz and 21 are sucks so....
Jung ki (?????.?????) "twitterusername I think Im starting love Running Man variety show lately >.< OHMYGOD! kinda...yaah dope!"
This is fucking twitter if you fucking forget man. Everyone is free to tweet whatever they want to
Kalo si walters gak dpt Man of The Match sih terlalu loh.. Aish.. Y gak min?? twitterusername
And u could see in their eyes how much they love each other. Man I rlly felt it.
The Man United Fan Club SGP just hung this and many more at Lava Club, Chijmes twitterurl
So, how's the big game? Pls tell me good news. LIVERPOOL OR MAN UTD (+ referee) won the match? #YNWA
No matter what #YNWA! Great match deserve to win. But overall I swear twitterusername you are amazing. Love you man!!
That kiss scene! Kyahhhh! RTtwitterusername [Star of the Week] #JYJ ???s #KimJaeJoong , the Acting Man twitterurl twitterurl
Tonight: devils v reds & gunners v man city. Next week: blues v gunners & spurs v devils. Bombastic Sundays!
I learned that when your man's team wins your man is happy Thankyou #falcons I got a happy boyfriend
[News] Secret society gang "fighter" jailed 12 years for causing man's death: SINGAPORE - A 53-year-old man who ... twitterurl
There's a different between she and she's. please don't make me laugh. It's simple basic man come onnnn!
awww thanks man!!!!!!!!RTtwitterusername Congrats on your behalf!!!!! "aitkenvicky: Being punished for not being pregnant by having vagina's bleed
hopefully by mid next month ill get the punching bag. Wanna hang it at my room and  train man  !
??twitterusername Leaving your family and friends for a man is the stupidest shit you can ever do.???
Because the hurting will end my man. With just a few words, your life will be at peace forever.
Oscar for best makeup? QT twitterusername And Hale Berry as an old white man. Holy shit. Didn't recognise. At. All
Black Five > A Complex and Interesting Man: Bill Ardolino has an excellent post up about the assasination of She... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah im right by the fairfax street haha??? in jealous dude! Be safe out there man!
hey my dearest man, be strong and always positive thinking.. don't be sad, you can meet me if you want :)
[CNA] PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done twitterurl
"I'm my own man," says PAP's Koh Poh Koon as he arrives flanked by three PAP ministers. #byelection #fail
"I'm my own man," says PAP's Koh Poh Koon as he arrives flanked by three PAP ministers. #FAIL
Fucking fucking hate teachers who take our reccess time. wtf man. thats our only break time motherfucker
Amgen to build biotech manufacturing plant in Singapore - Straits Times: Straits TimesAmgen to build biotech man... twitterurl
Watch:  Buckethead Robber Caught on Camera: A Louisiana man is identified by police after robbing a restaurant w... twitterurl
??twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl // steal it then what? Sell it?
hahaha this guy champion RT twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl
As one of the group's younger members, it's weird if he's trying to pull off that 'older man' image now
U can vote for boy group u want to be on running man. Theres BAP n Block B too! twitterurl
Our pleasure! :) RT twitterusername twitterusername not forgetting to thank the man and his team (?) for all these.
Why not going man? RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername don't know. If rain they won't open. I'm not going.
Running Man Ep 129 preview twitterurl -got Lee Joon, Jonghyun, Yonghwa, Kwanghee, Minho, Sulli, Myungsoo~ can't wait
"twitterusername Idiots wishing for World Peace. Please. As long as there is Man, there will always be war."
man i miss sitting down with bro every night chasing after weekly WWE Monday Night Raw episodes.
Really? RT twitterusername Man of the match: Gabriel Quak (#LionsXII). Flop of the match: Shahril Ishak (C) (#LionsXII) #Terengganu #MSL2013
kinda miss playing soccer constantly at telok blangah man hais sad that u were too egoistic ahak
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose?... ??? hanjeng yang suka membaham twitterurl
Man jailed two weeks for insulting modesty by filming upskirt video at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl via twitterusername
omg we totally liked the same picture AGAIN. ITS FATE MAN, THATS IT IM DONE WITH LIFE AHH
ntar.. half man half boy RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername oh iya, langsung bilang who know first eh...
From the one with belly fat to a handsome grown up young man. Hehe uri Youngjae opparrrr. twitterusername
"Running Man Sparta" Kim Jong Kook Singapore Fan Meet 2013 ticket sales has officially started. D... twitterurl via twitterusername
Just now there a man standing beside me so close and turn out to be Mr lee==
Man Utd: Wilfried Zaha Set to Complete ??15M Deal With United Pending a Medical, According to the BBC (via twitterurl
Have fun man! Party till they drop la macha! RT twitterusername Early morning, off to Dubai. Playing tonight at twitterusername
Wih davi hercules HBD man! RT twitterusername Happy birthday daveeehhhhh twitterusername wish u nothing but the best dear... Trakteeerrr!!!
I'm Just A Sick Man Living In A Sick Land. Choking On This Smoke Of A Billboard Romance.
We girls are capable of handling things on our own as well get that in your head man
Listen baby sometimes I know I b playing but set aside the bullshit I'm a grown ass man...
Hewhewhew RT twitterusername Poorly Julian. Sing like you did in the first two albums. C'mon man. #OneWayTrigger twitterusername
Happy birthday to Papa Park! Thank you for giving birth to the most amazing man on Earth ^^
SIMI LJ parents say i cannot go for overnight anymore.... =_= Fcuk care man. i still go for overnight lehhh...
Im about to pull some iron man shit and blast all these fucking people in the line.
Man United valued at record US$3 billion: Forbes: NEW YORK: Manchester United have become the world's first spor... twitterurl
I dont wanna say anything cause im not trynna argue . But one day man , im gunna fucking go all out .
A real woman would give him something to wait for RT twitterusername A real man would wait.
Ended CCA . Man , first time i became a faci to train the 1st Year Jan Intake students.
I hate it when someone starts the conversation and then just ignores me halfway. Like, wtf man
Oh man...... RT twitterusername Wheelchair-bound 80-year-old woman fined for burning maid with heated ladle twitterurl
Rt: twitterusername For every tear you make her cry, there's another man waiting to make her smile.
Fewer traffic accidents but more violations recorded in 2012: A traffic police officer films a man who was seen ... twitterurl
I mean his a straight forward person man... expect alot of stuff if i say that. LOL
Alabama hostage standoff enters 5th day: Authorities are negotiating through a ventilation pipe with a man accus... twitterurl
Man jailed 1 day and fined $1,500 for pushing cleaner's shoulder, causing him to fall and break... twitterurl via twitterusername
#lifestyle #news: Man Fu Yuan restaurant re-opens after norovirus outbreak: NEA is considering prosec... twitterurl #singapore
Yesssss man~~ ^^ RT twitterusername twitterusername great ! Hehe can't wait to meet you guys tonight . Datang cepat2 tau
I am scared to go to the wet markets and the NTUC Fairprice these two days, man. Must be ????.
it's the sound of money man ??twitterusername Words can't describe how irritating the beeping from the Wells Fargo atm is -_-???
In wake of Jamie Carragher, some are saying Trevor Brooking not a one-club man?! Absurd. Read on: twitterurl
After a historic match between Everton end up in a Draw & Losing game , finally Man United defeated by 2 - 0
??twitterusername twitterusername sorry I can't tag along guys):??? nah man.. It's ok~ heard u got a family problem eh? Chillchill~
A man stopped by the Applebees that fired that waitress for posting the receipt from a pastor ?? twitterurl
Learn Bookkeeping in 7 Days - Don't Fear the Tax Man - Learn Bookkeeping in 7 Days: Don't Fear the... twitterurl
Mexico gang 'security chief' caught: A man suspected of being the chief of security for Mexico's most wanted dru... twitterurl
THISS. RT twitterusername Walking w heels is no joke man I feel like i can collapse anytime
~_~ RT twitterusername wtf RT twitterusername HAHA RT twitterusername Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl
Just got home, gotta study. Man. My only motivation is The walking dead tomorrow morning and Japan??
What is my obsession? Anime? Football? Big Bang? Running Man? Gahh! So many. Perhaps my essay has 10 paragraph. LOL!
#djokovic winner & #murray runner with their #AusOpen2013 trophy. Djokovic hattrick winner and 1st man in open era twitterurl
Man twitterusername and twitterusername  better come out with their new gi soon. I need to up my mat time.
??twitterusername One thing when you're mine, i'll make you feel like the luckiest man alive.??? i hope u will.
Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man: SINGAPORE: The final leg of the corruption trial ... twitterurl
[News] Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man: SINGAPORE: The final leg of the corruption... twitterurl
#IReallyDislike people talking bullshit. Lol, you did it twice man. Its not a mistake, its a choice.
"twitterusername Need a new album to listen to ?? anything you suggest?" When i was your man!! ^^ by Bruno Mars
[REMINDER] To watch Running Man with Guest Daesung & Yonghwa on Channel U 8PM later :) *Mongji Taxi* twitterurl
Panda Pic: Tian Prefers To Hang Around Upside Down In Tress: Dan Dan The Binary Man posted a photo:\
Trololol RT twitterusername otl man haha ??twitterusername luhan starts running before the gun even fires, gets disqualified.???
[YH!SG-FB] 'Running Man' star Kim Jong Kook, also known as 'Sparta' is coming to Singapore...: 'Runni... twitterurl #singapore
wtf this Chinese couple dressed their daughter in a wedding dress and veil at JURONG POINT WTF MAN
Ya man , every thing now him ... Forget it lah , kkn ccb ! Fuck lah , nb ! Po all ? Fuck
What to get for a 30 year old man? Bro's collections are only Oakley,monster energy & rockstar and motogp. *clueless*
US man holding six-year-old hostage in underground bunker after killing the child's bus driver twitterurl
Why everyone on my timeline now so emo! CHEER UP MAN YOU'LL HAVE A BETTER DAY TOMORROW!
time breezed through from 3.30pm - 8.30pm in the salon for me.. watching 3 episodes of running man on iPad..
I am - as of tomorrow - no longer required to please assholes ha ha ha ha I AM A FREE MAN
??twitterusername Eh smlm man u menang? RT twitterusername ??twitterusername --> RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Tido pon lawa.??? Tido pon sexy.?????????? macam merepek
ok fine my finger kena hit alot of time. tis time rd srsly damn pain...like fracture man
????twitterusername putting your birthdate as your twitter name gtg man hehe that's what i feel la, just saying?????
Niggas was blasting twitterusername for outing Bad on iTunes....soooo that man can't eat off his own creativity though....#CmonSon
Niggas was blasting twitterusername for putting Bad on iTunes....soooo that man can't eat off his own creativity though....#CmonSon
Man jailed nine months for sexually abusing 13-year-old girl twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Dear Lord, watch over Chris man. Forever and always, especially today. Make sure his lawyer rocs them people life. Amen.
Okay more of 3.5 dance routines... Never danced this much for such a long time alr man~!
I Do Not Feel Good Man. I Jus Prayy I Do Not End Up In Somebodies Hospital
AsiaClassifiedToday: Tributes paid to the Piano Man of Melton - Melton Times: Melton TimesTri... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Man 'celebrated' before PC murders: A fugitive "celebrated" his last night of freedom before luring police offic... twitterurl
aww man. Shila Amzah broke up with her boyfriend. :( one of the reason is, boyfriend dia kong-kong shila.
An Asian man is holding a yellow, short object with his left hand? A 40-days banana
Terserempak with twitterusername more often lately in RP. We should talk more man! So much to catch up on.
Police nab man who alleged molested woman alighting a bus at Serangoon Gardens: February 08, 2013 5:35 PMPolice ... twitterurl
And.... Today!!! I met Abang Hisyam and Kak Shidah!!! Wow miss em man! Oh and their son.....
Victim's Family Taunted by Suspected Killer: A man identifying himself as Christopher Dorner taunted the father ... twitterurl
Can I say i'm mesmerizing wif the Fancy Footdrill my juniors have did^^ non-stop watching man(^(00)^)
They say eating too much instant noodles isn't good but this maggi mee goreng is too good man
Hush man ! brina wild! RT twitterusername Done fucked around & ended up in laurel wit twitterusername crazy ass ????
Man wish we knew this morning DROPPED OFF RT twitterusername I wanna c emRT twitterusername Marius so fckn green!
HAHAHAH WTF a china man wearing a shirt w a sperm shaped like a tick saying, "just finished" ??
Sometimes, the compassion of an animal, exceeds that of man.. and then we question.. What are we doing then?
F-35's Pilots Get Iron Man Targeting Upgrade:        You probably have heard about the  More????  twitterurl
Man jailed 2 months, fined S$5K for possessing two stun guns and devices used to take drugs twitterurl
Time for dim sum! twitterusername and bf who's e only man of e trip. @ ??? D'ShangHai @ Sutera Mall twitterurl
Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear so that he could look at her buttocks twitterurl via twitterusername
Watch:  Daredevil, 22, Killed in Utah Rope-Swing Accident: A young man died while trying to swing through the ... twitterurl
Holding the baby on one hand and playing farmville 2 with another hand . . no chance man no chance then die . . . . . . . -..-
oh holy cow , this cereal sotong is so tasty and delicious ! man .. I wish I have more of it ..
Today our class is like hell disaster HAHA especially during the SS period HAHA hell funny man
Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear so that he could look at her buttocks twitterurl
watching the running man all over so I'm at ep 6 and it's choi dongwook!! sebun oppar T-TT twitterusername
#lifestyle #news: Swiss court jails man for infecting 16 with HIV: Majority of victims were student... twitterurl #singapore
.twitterusername hey man, 3x in Kuala Lumpur in last year and a half. What's up w/ Singapore? ; ) twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[News] Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a ... twitterurl
Haven't shave for a week man i look like someone just came back from a lost island :p
Lee Kuan Yew The Beliefs behind the Man By (author) Michael D. Barr - Lee Kuan Yew: The Beliefs... twitterurl
Alamak Karangan Deskriptif! Looks like I have to sleep late tonight haiz but hey Newcastle vs Man City :D
And #ShoutOut To My Homie twitterusername Man!! That's My Engineer & Mixer In The Game! I'm Telling You #Legit
12th Man! "twitterusername Mike Dean has been appointed referee for Manchester United v Manchester City on Monday April 8th. #MUNMCI"
You might be can fool other people with all of your fake account but not me, man.
I'm a Man U fan, but 1 thing I hate about them is they like to be overconfident. Bloody hell!!!
??twitterusername twitterusername premier league i swear no contest at all sia jibai man utd so far ahead??? twitterusername
Anyway, old man Goh is going to work now. Stay off my Inter-Lawn, y???dang cyber kids.
Man. The way i see my facial hair at the mirror makes me look like twitterusername :) . Hahaa.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Torres tak main :(???he is shit man???Still better player than suarez you livershit???look whose talking
3 years of being friends with twitterusername . i've never seen him so sweet . Proud you you man !! ??
Haiss , i really like you :c ??? hehe thanks man, ^~^ ya made my day. x i like you too. twitterurl
Saudi Arabian court allegedly orders man to be paralysed for stabbing his friend 10 years ago twitterurl
Shall watch one random running man episode before I head out for dinner with my council buddies.
Dortmund vs Madrid in the champions league final owww yesss that would be so fcking awesome man
Oh man ):??twitterusername twitterusername Really! I just got a newsflash of it through text. Shocking, to be honest. ;/???
man i bet disney couldn't make a better kick ass series/movie of Star Wars just like George Lucas did.
Just done assembling my study table and gonna go out right after this cause im a Yes Man
You sexy beast pushing all the man u players like you don't give a single fuck i like that shit
Hey, happy birthday twitterusername ! Keep pumping those muscles! See you real soon with myra. Have a lovely day man! ?
Because it is cool to stand at the pedestrian crossing even though it is the green man flashing.
Ain't no way you average 40 minutes and you average 2 assist lol unless you a big man
I hope he would do all the things i should have done when are was your man.
Indonesian murders family, sleeps among bodies: police: An Indonesian man slit the throats of his wife and thr... twitterurl
Lunch with abg now. Its been long man. Even though we're siblings. He always works ugh haha twitterurl
Iron Man 3 is coming out on 26 April!! Go check out their facebook page here! twitterurl
getting a thigh gap is not easy man, if you girls rly want the work towards it lol
Fell in love with I was your man even though it was my first time listening to it.
Havent got to hang out with twitterusername since the first day i got to know her man. SHEEECRAP
If a man and a beaver got into a fight in the woods, who would win? twitterurl
Fuck my fucking timetable man. Gonna have to make friends w the year one's aagain. Fuck the repeat module.
but yeah, 2 doors car vs 4 doors car. He's a family man. So def going with the Golf.
"twitterusername twitterusername I got infected by the unu virus.. ??" one man down jon twitterusername ur turn is coming
AsiaClassifiedToday: Malaysia GE13: Hadi Awang insists man in sex video is not Mustafa Al... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Man I knt date younger than me .. d immaturity & accusations are unbearable ! Been dun caught a charge lol fareal
Whenever I type the word nonsense, I'll remember what HAHA said in the latest Running man. ?????=Nonsense~
iPod's playing The Invisible Man like yes I feel invisible cos the sensors think I'm not alive
Good Samaritan detained by MRT staff for pressing emergency button to help elderly man - Terence Teoh:  twitterurl
Man e get some kind perfume people dey wear wey dey make flies converge for dia body. Chei
Seriously no one bothers to do the work you gave us just let us go home man
Sleep or cook maggie or starve to death hate insomnia man staying up late always makes me hungry.
CANT WAIT FOR GD BABY. though ive not purchased the tickets. ive been saving up for this man.
K Michelle said it best " i ain gta Man cause ion want one like Yours !!" #luvher #Preach twitterusername
My friend told me I cant be the sound man because im too short to hold the boom pole. Sheesh.
What is the most stressful job? ??? RETAIL @ PAYLESS SHOESOURCE . Man no way im going back there.... twitterurl
Niggas is lowkey throwing shots at me why not approach me like a man hahaha god yall some broke boys
[CNA] Man sentenced 3 years' jail, 4 strokes cane for molesting daughter: A father of three was sen... twitterurl #singapore
"Disclaimer for the younger fanbase I have. I am a 27 year old man living my 27 year old life.."
#lifestyle #news: 5 things to know about ???Man of Steel???: Zack Snyder???s Superman reboot is unlike an... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername The chicken is one of the few things that man eats before it's born and after it's dead."
#331 hmmm lets be BADASS together! Hahaha,miss u lah,shall meetup one day and dance!!! Man,i'm gg crazy ~
14- solehan my skate buddy! Still shredding those rails and ledge huh :)! You go yan! Man i miss you!
Our Great God Above Blessed Me With Being Able To See & Touch twitterusername !!!!! That Man Is A Blessing
1306 hello short boy HAH stop calling me big mouth man it's not that big alright see you around :D
Bro really dote on us man he told me he saving money to bring me and my parents overseas.
Running man game was okay. I was the hunter and i gave no mercy. In fact, i betrayed people. Hahaha
[CNA] M'sian caught trying to smuggle contraband cigarettes into S'pore: A Malaysian man who tried ... twitterurl #singapore
Ngarang bat wkw ??twitterusername Apaan si sooon -_- "twitterusername Now my baby's boleh pacaran, but she's pacaran with another man #halah"???
Describing Esther. Not the typical girl because you are so boy-like. It is comprehensible that y... ??? Thanks man :) twitterurl
I've never seen a guy pull off purple hair like Michael pulls off purple hair like damn man
Michael it feels weird to not have my name how it's been for the past 2 years come on man
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl When I was your man - Bruno Mars [Sufie's Music Video Cover]
It's actually pretty enjoyable to study at night with music playing softly. Man i think i'm going nuts!
"twitterusername ??twitterusername I Wanna Real Man, Im Tired Of Playing With Lil Boys??? who you talkin bout tho ??"
I can't ducking understand shit for maths.  It's been like 2months it's all foreign to me now.  TRY AGAIN MAN.
Bedok view sec boys on redsports for playing football at netball court. Wah like that also can. Congrats man
shut up b4 i pinch ur punat"twitterusername Eeeeeeeee "twitterusername Man U fans gotta see this! :3 twitterurl
This local variety show has no originality. Most of the games that they're playing is the same as Running Man ??
2 donkeys suspected in mauling old man to death in Hungary twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
haiyoooooooooooooooooooo so draggyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy walau eh you two filming romeo and juliet mehhhh just get on with it man.
53-year-old man arrested for involvement in void deck fire in HDB block along Yuan Ching Rd twitterurl
Man who filmed 423 upskirt videos, charged with insulting modesty of women twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Sigh i don't care imma either watch running man or one episode of my drama before sleeping later.
[ST] Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue: May 31, 2013 10:53 AMTeary-eyed... twitterurl #singapore
A 24-year-old man from Myanmar arrested for murder of his 51-year-old compatriot in Penjuru Lane twitterurl
Why my friends like all stay so faraway from me? Need more Jurong peeps for dinner or supper man.
Grossed man sitting beside me and picking his nose. DUDE! Hve some basic manners and respect please.
[YH!SG-FB] Singapore braces itself for the worst dengue epidemic since 2005. One man has di...: Sin... twitterurl #singapore
A real gentleman is a man without cigarettes. Smoking isnt cool. It burns your money also your logic.
Oh man the juniors are all talking about universities intake. I still remember my time last year. Nervous gila :')
Didnt get to play volleyball for s&w today :( aww man i was looking forward to play volleyball all week
haziq, you think too far alr. i dont think the teachers know abt running man, except some i guess...
this twitterusername keep spazzing about running man, causing me to spazzing and get throwback urges too LOL
Wtf man. Trying to eat my dinner all the ants wan eat tgt. My hse ants really commando.
man I would park in the expensive ass parking structure for this burnt ass orientation in Portland.
Old man jogging with an N95 mask at the nature reserve jogging path near my place. SAY WHAT?
[CNA] 86-year-old man from Sembawang dies from dengue; third death this year: A joint statement by ... twitterurl #singapore
ma gawd! Running Man ep151 is so damn awesome lor! can't wait for next week! Park Jisung is back!!!!! :D
[ST] Unemployed man jailed 2 months for threatening to post naked videos of ex-wife: June 25, 2013 ... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday. After being abducted, Chinese man finds his way home on Google Maps - ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Indian-origin man gets 9 months' jail for abusing wife in Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
After earth, world war Z, man of steel, the wolverine RT twitterusername Startrek, Walvorine, Fast Six, Humming Bird. Lagi?
I'm your love instead RT twitterusername "twitterusername "I'm not your man dear" Im not your girl dude XD
Shocked af mane !!! Esp afta d lil bday thing ???? I miss lil man HELLA MUCH !! ??twitterusername twitterusername ???? What ????
We'll finally have a National Training Centre? Yes? RT twitterusername NEWS | The man with a plan for S'pore football twitterurl
Tomorrow really must be good girl already, today work like never work still can go gordon house watch running man ????
It's sad how stupid and rude people can be sometimes. Criticizing anonymously, wtf are you doing man, you're a coward
Seriously don't wanna go to sch tomorrow man, don't wanna see my teachers and everybody in school bleagh
the hell man. RT twitterusername Sex for grade with a lecturer. Got me an A without studying. #NYPconfessionss
Omo!!! RT twitterusername Running Man fanmeet In Malaysia will be on 21 Sept,official announcement will be next month.Stay tune!
[INFO] Running Man fanmeet in Malaysia will be on 21 September! Official announcement will be released next... twitterurl
JUST IN: Young man dies of #dengue in #Singapore, first death in current epidemic: Health Ministry. Details to come
Meh don't like Running Man Big Bang's episode. Just what's with GD's pride being hurt by Haha OH PURLEASE.
[YH!SG-FB] Running Man ???????'s Lee Kwang Soo, known for his hilarious on-screen personality a...: Run... twitterurl #singapore
This China man cant speak English and the counter guy is Malay, so I became a lousy translator for them
"twitterusername Whoa girl, hold your titties man" who? Can i hold for the girl instead? HAHA k byeeee
i think i need a skipping rope lol i wanna grow tall man and have long legs hahahaha
"You abit bastard ah what to do" LAUGHED WITH TEARS OF JOY MAN tears of fucking joy
Because he showed me how big the sky really is...Happy Father's Day Old Man! #GreatDad @ Paya Lebar?? twitterurl
Meet the brave young man who blew the whistle on (at least some of) Obama administration's scandalous operations twitterurl
Mir compares his experience in Amazon jungles 'Laws of the Jungle' & in army for 'Real Man' twitterurl #Strongboy #Mir
Online game > Soccer > body building > skateboarding > fat > soccer > break leg > hospital > lepak at home . Life is shitty man
[CNA] Singaporean man found dead in Johor Bahru farm: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs says its Cons... twitterurl #singapore
muka kau jahat aku call caller ringtone InsyaAllah Maher Zain;pious man is nt based on face ok
Am I the only one playing this Fun Run game on iPhone? It is super addictive man! - Trollfather
Fakkk nooo RT twitterusername Man u bound?  RT twitterusername  Lewandowski not joining Bayern this year ??? Dortmund CEO twitterurl
UPDATE: The second victim who died of dengue this year is believed to be a man in his 60s. twitterurl
if only someone could give me all flavours of kit kat from japan, i'll love you forever man
man, this match is so exciting. it's giving me goosebumps everytime they get near the penalty box.
happy birthday daddytay. love you pop. you're one man that i'll love forever. thank you for everything.
Man charged with smuggling 21 puppies in car boot without a licence and subjecting them to unnecessary suffering twitterurl
Hey guys! Look here QT twitterusername Step aside girlfriends, let Tate & Tonic dress your man: twitterurl via twitterusername
That man said fear is not real, danger is real, fear is a choice. & ppl say tv isn't enlightening
#lifestyle #news: S Korean girl killed by man who jumped off building: The girl was walking when sh... twitterurl #singapore
cb la stop staring la sial you fucking old man. can u fucking keep your eyes to yourself
"Loving Cats, Winning Hearts": Caregivers take on a lot. When an old man was suddenly hospitalised, a caregiver... twitterurl
I feel like im going to take a short nap after watching running man! ???????????? and the weather outside is?? twitterurl
I seriously feel like using up 10 bucks on pasar malam food. It's just so good man
Totally agree man. Semua dosa tu sedap and nikmat. That is why it's a sin! It's too good for us!
Notice I said "wee wees" no real man with a real penis would do such a fuck boyish thing
Real friend lol "twitterusername ??twitterusername Chantel tryna get me laid, good looks??? hahahaha i got you man."
so fucking scarred for life RT twitterusername I just stripped for Ariel. It better cheer her up man.
whoever started it, they should rot in hell. this is bizarre man it's getting out of hands.
I dont believe in bisexualism.....make up your mind man, gay or straight not both! Its like choosing two religions...
maybe i need to watch a couple ep of running man or read my books to cheer myself up
[TRE] Another scholar cum military man appointed ??? CEO of NEA: Mr Ronnie Tay will be appointed as C... twitterurl #singapore
whose ur ultimate k boy band? U seem to like everyone man... ??? super junior . ain't it obvious enough twitterurl
I didn't really get a good rest last night man, I was up all night watching star movies :b
Can you not see how #vulnerable I am without you? #lgbt #love #dreamcatcher #feathers #bi #man?? twitterurl
Strange Death: Brazilian Man Killed As Cow Falls Through His Roof While His Wife Narrowly Escaped Death. twitterurl
HAHAHAHA RT twitterusername The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel.
"twitterusername Man, 20, slashed by cousin and friend with 'watermelon knife' twitterurl MUST BE MALAY KNOW WALAO CAN CHILL NOT
have u caught yourself thinkin about cheating on your man when u are mad ??? ohhh nooooo. twitterurl
One man's tale of war and recovery: Left destitute by war, how one man rebuilt his life twitterurl
Motorist charged with causing biker's death and injuring pillion: April 23, 2013 11:56 AMA man was charged in ... twitterurl
Whole fucking dinner they're talking about business and arguing non stop wtf I'd rather stay at home and study man
Snatch thief arrested for stealing handbag along Bayfront Bridge: Police have arrested a 33 year-old man who i... twitterurl
Man Convicted of Sellling Fake Bomb Detectors: A British court convicted 57-year-old Jim McCormick of three co... twitterurl
Goaaaaaaalllll ! Lewandowski ! You're such great striker ! Hell yeah come to us ! Come to Man United yaww ! #EchteLiebe #GGMU!
"I'm starting with the man in the mirror. I'm asking him to change his ways." wise words, MJ. ?
Trying. Trying to clear the burden off my shoulders. Man, have been on this since i reached home:(
If my laptop were touch screen, could I start flinging words around the screen like iron man?
Man shouldn't use earring.never do that hon RT twitterusername It's kinda dope to have an earring if you're old.
Hey broo! Yeah man hopefully! ;) RT twitterusername Hi fatty twitterusername .will be rooting for you in Final1 .You Better win .
ah man but this show is boring as fuck. I'm halfway through. I don't think I can finish it >_> #oregairu
Well...but the best part about tomorrow is that Im gonna play running man in school with KDW!
Man Accused of Shoplifting from Store Called ???Finders Keepers???: Turns out finders aren???t always keepers. New H... twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Fears for man-made flu bug from China???s lab: Chinese scientists under attack for ... twitterurl #singapore
"I hope I can protect the one thing I can???t live without." - Tony Stark, Iron Man 3
No one said this better! Brave man! RT  twitterusername "Too little, too late" twitterurl #Karachi #PPP MQM #ANP
for every tear he makes you cry, there's another man waiting to make you smile .so chill beb cc twitterusername
I love how Ssabu-nim just rocking out on this vid hahahahahahaha I love u man! twitterurl
From 15 years old secondary school boy to 22 years old man and a good looking one too. ? #boy?? twitterurl
Saw Weilin & RubyXScarlet's giveaway. WAH MUST WIN MAN! SO many items to be won, got free money some more! WHEEEEE
Can you not, laugh. His money can drown you ?? RT twitterusername twitterusername iron man of singapore HAAHAHAHHA
dr jin's one mad man ive seen defib a person 6 times? o.o ive not seen more than 3.
(malaysia sun) Singapore begins inquiry into death of man working on China-linked project he feared was... twitterurl
Okay okay I shall stop fangirling over a 48 year old man and go to sleep lol
Jobless man jailed three months for threatening to burn down lawyer's office: May 15, 2013 1:54 PMAn unemploye... twitterurl
Taking care of everyone, always the lady man behind, observing averting, making sure no one is left behind. That's me.
Th First He-Man Toy Commercial: Master of the Universe, Master of Marketing:        Fresh off of Star Wars, wh... twitterurl
You could be the happiest man with 3 beauties and a hunk. You chose to screw up.
So could a man capable of crying while watching a sad movie be any attractive to any girl? Ay-ay.
I will kill Wan on Thursday myself if I can't watch iron man 3 . I got this.
Alif called and the BSMs was behind the line HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAH one of the funniest phonecalls ever man
YEAHHH! Nearly fell asleep man! ??twitterusername Bernard has an amazing super power to slow down time #superbernardgogo !!???
Okay,.I'm not that kind of lady that man will likes. Infact I can't find myself attractive at all.
Man jailed for pocketing $1.15m meant for ship purchase: May 03, 2013 11:16 AMAn Indonesian national was jaile... twitterurl
Man, i always hate waiting for 31 when it is damn crowded. No chance of getting on the bus hais
Man interrupts speaker at May Day protest, gets booed by crowd but given 1 minute to speak twitterurl twitterurl
Man it's not easy to translate full sentences english to malay and vice versa in a proper way. Really.
This Dad pushing his daughter to do man pushups. Damn reminds me of Robin and her dad.
A man had Success, Handsome, Popularity, Multitalented, look like perfect one! But loved being playboy.. Oh John Mayer!
On my way to bugis. Thanks to jieyun. Leave home so early. This gonna be a long bus ride man.
.twitterusername gives you an inside look on how to spot a gay man. Of course this is accurate! #nonotreally twitterurl
Such poor losers Man City players are.Hardly anyone clapped for Wigan.Respect to Kompany for having the grace to... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Football: Man Utd-loving Asia boss hopes Moyes is winner too - GlobalPo... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
If dogs never existed, which animal would take its place as Man... ??? Kitties! Wait, isn't this asked before already twitterurl
Everyone's taking about the rain and sleeping. While I got to go for dance already. Man so much incomplete work.
Online vice ring Third man on trial says mobile phone holds crucial evidence: Emlyn Thomas Thariyan, the third... twitterurl
Now i shall finish up the last 2 parts of running man which i left unwatched yesterday~ ^^
'Just because a man glances up at the sky at night does not make him an astronomer, you know.'
"twitterusername Cheating is immature. A real man is defined by his ability to commit to ONE WOMAN!"
S'pore war memorial vandal suspect arrested by police: A 32-year-old Singaporean man believed to have been beh... twitterurl
of gwyneth paltrow in revealing antonio berardi dress: Gwyneth Paltrow shows up at the premiere of Iron Man 3 ... twitterurl
SAP: Intern (f/m): HR EMEA Project Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...) twitterurl #Finance #sap #sapjobs #Job
I cannot believe this. I was so tired that i dozed off here and there while watching iron man! Wtf
Kml u silly man! RT twitterusername Damn set it off almost made me steal off my nephew ????
Watched iron man 3 just now and received an advance birthday present! Thanks alot juetavain! i cant?? twitterurl
Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
I wish I could cycle now. I wish my body would be healthy again. The pills are killing man.
happy birthday huggable choco man twitterusername have a great one and u should give me ur best hug <3
Back to the old routines. Mamak, Midnight Mcd, Midnight Movies etc. Oh, and never-ending Running Man!
You're sucha good looking man:) Nice to look at. ^^ ??? Thanks when i dont feel like i am twitterurl
[INFO] Running Man Sparta Kim Jong Kook First Malaysia Showcase 2013 tickets are now ON SALE! twitterurl
Not even feeling warm and feel so lazy to bathe. But I needa freshen myself up I'm so tired man.
My crazy old man go crazy and th blanket become like this. Lol. #instasg #igsg #instapic #instadaily?? twitterurl
Mata pun beso sebelah RT twitterusername Biceps bebeso nak pergi mana? RT twitterusername Man with the (cont) twitterurl
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Have you ever look at an old woman/man and afraid to be like them one day? /:
Gonna watch iron man 3 on the 6th of may and I'm forcing my friends to come with me x??
Man exposes bribery among police in India: The Indian state of Maharashtra has suspended at least 36 policemen... twitterurl
#Books #Deal #8: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
Fml lah 1 English essay, 2 SS essays, 1 higher chinese essay urgh why so many essays man!
Man dies in South Wales measles epidemic and experts warn 'expect more': A measles epidemic is believed to hav... twitterurl
??twitterusername I'm thinking about making a draw my life video??? r u hi rn bcoz u alredi made 1 man
Snake niggas took my mutha fuckn brotha the man behind the gun said they won't take anutha ...
Carmaker Hyundai apologises and pulls an online advert that depicted a man attempting to kill himself with exh... twitterurl
Morning, noon or night, I see twitterusername hosting something on twitterusername . Has he been cloned? Man is haunting my dreams\
This week 9 period of DnT! Can Die MAN! need to redo Portfolio! now then kena scold! :/
Finally on bed.Wearing Man U jersey cause I feel like it. GLORY GLORY UNITED. Celebration never stop. ??
Can you GOD DAMN stop tweeting what's gonna happen in iron man 3 !!!! There's people who haven't seen it yet....
In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man - if you want anything done, ask a woman.
Waiting for running man to start cuz that's when I'll finally be free from the two monkeys
twitterurl Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West: The National Parks Board say... twitterurl
??twitterusername i want to talk to you but ????? chin up man, dont ever let your thoughts bring you down
Hosea mau ngajak sendy nonton Iron man 3 tuh RT "twitterusername Parah :3-_- tiduur hoiii ~ "twitterusername twitterusername anunya
HAHAHHAHAHA mang??twitterusername What the hell is wrong with this Indian man no shit wanking in the public wtf mang???
What I did to that guy while buying waffles was damn weird man HAHAHAHAHA and the girls were just laughing ????????
I've Never known a man To Be So messy & Like To Keep a lot Of Mess Going
I hate those girls who flirts around my man. Stop flirting or I will punch right on your face.
Ferguson have retired after 27 years at Man Utd !!! Jose next in line to take the job
Enjoying 3-in-1 riceball while watching Running Man Big Bang edition in this raining weather :) twitterurl
Insanity plea for 'Batman gunman': The man accused of killing 12 people and injuring dozens in the July massac... twitterurl
US cinema shooting suspect to enter insanity plea: lawyers: The man accused of killing 12 people in a crowded ... twitterurl
Running man pls wait pls patiently wait till Thursday pls I love you omg hadirah pls stay strong.
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername thanks man, I will stay strong. It's alright I'll be fine don't worry.??? See u tomorrow dude
Gwyneth Paltrow says something mean about Joan Rivers. Joan makes a cameo on Iron Man 3. #troll
Three song that i like, Just Give Me A reason, When i was your man and Stay.
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl When I Was Your Man - Bruno Mars - Michael Henry & Justin Robinett
Fuck man, today got uniform check that's why I polish my boots till damn shiny. And then it rained. #fml
??Running Man Sparta??? Kim Jong Kook Malaysia Showcase 2013 - Exciting photo opportunity & autograph session with KJK! twitterurl
??Running Man Sparta??? Kim Jong Kook Malaysia Showcase 2013 - Exciting photo opportunities as well as a fun-filled... twitterurl
I Need Another Celebration Night Wit Da Homie twitterusername Man Cause Supper Club Was Too LIVE!! #WIN
hey man i'm getting sick and tired. am on the verge of giving up any moment. don't push me, really
Im working hard to get you smth for our monthsary and still you have no fucking idea . Wtf man you
watching this undercover boss episode now man the boss is a former model n he is so well built!
Im liverpool fans but somehow im feeling happy about last night result game between Man Utd and Arsenal.
And why man u fans posting pictures of van persie header on ig?!?!?! I just can't take this.........
AsiaClassifiedToday China's ChangYuan Falls For 4th Day After Asia's Richest Man Li Ka-shin... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
"twitterusername omg must known fact about spiders twitterurl i need this man. Confirm better than tongkat ali
Just Saying : Doing odd jobs part of being the man of the house by Edward Rajendra twitterurl
This man can only bear so much. This time, with major uncertainties, I'm just gonna go with the flow.
Hello air we look for Mondays; confident, we'll get there someday; pushing all the papers to a wealthy man.
Where are you staying and it is considered migrating th... ??? Perth. Yeah man I'm not coming back Singapore anymore. twitterurl
boyfriend and his family staying up to watch man utd vs arsenal.. suspect semua support arsenal tsk?????but nvm #GGMU
I don't know man Nat Geo music has been the only music channel I've look up for
.twitterusername shouldve just banned twitterusername quietly - no need to announce. No cheating man will ask "why you block that site?!"
Kirekan one bad habit to replace many others eh? haha. Inte... ??? Hahaha yes exactly! One day hopefully. thanks man! twitterurl
Idk man the only reason why I like going home is because I won't get fined for smoking while shitting
PICTURES + VIDEO: Japanese man runs on arms and legs to new #Guinness world record twitterurl via twitterusername
A blogger's insight on how to deal with your distracted man, who has eyes that constantly wander off towards... twitterurl
Russian man nails his genitals to Moscow???s Red Square to protest Russia???s ??police state??? twitterurl
Kene google how to be a gentle and loving man. I wish I had it in me already hais
Woah my bro spent $145 for his friend's birthday, buying man city aguero's shirt. Must be closed friends.
[ST] Man charged for hacking incidents; More being investigated for PMO, Istana hacking: November 1... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged for hacking incidents; More being investigated for PMO, Istana hacking: November 12, 2013 10:53 AM... twitterurl
i do feel like getting tr15 too lol then bye to camera 360 bc tr15 does the job man
There will always be one idiot to spoil your day. Damn, these people gotta stop living man...
Oh hi very long no see my facebalready right! Hahahaha. Look what I've got! Running Man S4 cases! :D twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for attacking three others in party brawl: A former banker was sentenced to 18 mon... twitterurl #singapore
Holy shit twitterusername I checked out miyavi's song titled 'strong' and holy shit that was some awesome shit man!
Man jailed, caned for molesting another on bus: A construction worker has been sentenced to seven months' jail... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for attacking 3 others in party brawl: A former banker was sentenced to 18 months'... twitterurl #singapore
Oh man just wasted half of my saturday because I just woke up. Dislike sleeping late so much
"twitterusername Salman trying to prove his level in front of Kushal shows what a "Man" he is. #UnfairSalman #Bb7"
ah man this is going to be exciting but fo sure i need some help, maybe a little crew
If I told you that I loved you, it may be something. I'm not a man to many faces
46yo man cheated on his wife with his 21yo daughter omg that's some twisted shit right there
I cannot wait to celebrate after op's over but I don't want pw to end, serious man no joke.
Man spits in woman's face twice and hurls vulgarities at her after cutting bus queue twitterurl twitterurl
You and Puvii how? Close already or not ??? Yeah man me n my bro, we tight (; twitterurl
Spitting incident: Do you think security staff should have done more to stop the man from abusing commuters? twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: SMRT responds to viral video of man spitting at woman: Obscenities also hurled at... twitterurl #singapore
Exactly >>> "twitterusername Excuse me. DOTA. LOL. DOTA 2. L4D2. Is not a ONE MAN. Game. Its all about teamwork."
A man spotted holding 2 dozens of Krispy Kreme. That's like $46.80 worth of flour and sugar.
i dont always do things according to plan but when i do man its gonna be purr-fect // freaking hell.
Running man 166 kn? Comel doh haha RT twitterusername Oh My God Ah In comel sngt. o_O
"twitterusername HOLY MACAROONS I FOUND THESE OLD SHITS. Hahaha fuck i really thought it went missing man. twitterurl GIVE ME
Seriously whats wrong with my left back recently man, feels like i go ran over by a truck
#Oldie??? #3MonthsAgo ??? Its Over already.  Man, I love the summer time.... I hate wearing clothes, I?? twitterurl
The man who can't be move.. If u don't move and stay at the same spot you will fcking die!
you get nudes though ??twitterusername "twitterusername What's that ??twitterusername Man i do not have sex???"shit idek???
am i the only one here who cant get running man out of my mind yet T_T
watched fellaini played today. he's like nothing. didn't do anyt. so I take it as 10 man
[ST] Man jailed for promising that a CID cop will dispose of evidence against a suspect: October 29... twitterurl #singapore
Man, that girl who works at the ice cream parlor is a major PYT. She is stacked to the max!\
Goddda feeling that outram might turn up to be in top 8 man . Ahahahs strong peopleeee woosh
Missed talking to you thru the phone. That was months ago man since we last talked on the phone
I swear there is nothing I love more than the fresh morning breeze man there is literally nothing better
Manuel Pellegrini insists the title race will be between Manc City, Man United, Chelsea & Arsenal - discounting Liverpool and Tottenham.
[ST] Three years' jail and six strokes of the cane for man who beat up ex-wife's new lover twitterurl
name some crazy and fun people you usually hang out with ??? lon, bry, ting, man- the usuals twitterurl
[ST] 71-year-old man jailed for 3 months for having sex with 17-year-old prostitute twitterurl
oh yeah running man 172 time, i hope jaesuk got atleast one person out before the swap time !
??twitterusername I think I went high during Emma's birthday dinner. OVER APPLE JUICE twitterurl i have th weirdest cousin man
Dope? Nigga u must be smokin dope! He's done man. ??twitterusername Kobe's return is going to be dope AF???
Did I hear Ed Balls say the economy was booming? If I did, the man is a complete Twonk.
AsiaClassifiedToday Man offers reward for escaped fish - NDTV: NDTVMan offers reward for es... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
The fried potato should mix with cheese not the chili sause but old man mixed with chili sauce,lol
A man with too much free time, don't have shit going on...you knew that already tho
cleaning up my drawer and I found my swim wear god dammit where did the summertime go man
When Cheetahs race and one of them cheats, the other one goes, "Man, you're such a Cheetah!"
Hyungsik acting as drowning victim in Real Man.. realistic + cute acting twitterusername gd job =p twitterurl #ZEA #RealMan
That Cathay fight video is amusing. The security guard has some skill man big ups to the maaan.
if i were a young man in the 70???s i probably would???ve worn bellbottoms too..
Will there be no end to this unruly unfaithful behaviour? Yall fucking around like pigs and shit man.
Well all the more 12 nov should hurry come I want to know that I got promoted man come onnn
Dujun dujun...I miss you...If I got fm tix I will.jist buy air tix n fly over srsly man ...
Yesterday is a very bad day .. Fuck off man .. Lesson to learn . Lets hope today will be btr ^^
I'm getting D grades from today onwards man RT "twitterusername Setting bench mark to grade. Well done Jon ."
[News] Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague's breast: A former management trainee at a five-star hotel ... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 5 months for squeezing colleague's breast: A former management trainee at a five-s... twitterurl #singapore
OOOOOO ME GET ME GET -----HE MEANS ...I think he say he the man so he can take it all
You're still my friend and I genuinely care about you but really man don't give me that bullshit
Man gets jail term of 3 years and 9 months and caning for vicious assault at Cineleisure twitterurl
Man who attacked three others at Orchard Road last December sentenced to jail, 6 strokes of the cane twitterurl
Knn mai act tough lah cb ??? You so tough man, don't leave your name class date year admin number. twitterurl
cant believe im missing san cisco wild nothing mew ra ra riot and last dinosaurs man fml
??twitterusername ??twitterusername me love man united. you???? GUNNERS 4EVA!! pasal ada mesut ??zil my babyboy??? OK! luckily not Liverpool HEHE
??twitterusername But serious those arsenal fans who already write off next week's match against man u are down right cocky???
Man gets 6 years corrective training, caning for theft and causing grievous hurt: November 06, 2013 12:25 PMA ... twitterurl
#HowToBeAManlyMan RT twitterusername 80-year-old man survives after falling off a cliff while fighting a bear | twitterurl
Alonso cleared after hospital visit twitterurl oh man the picture of Alonso o_o he's like "what is going on guys"
Citizen Journalism Awards Month 3: Man gets out of car to shout at McDonald's staff until he gets his food\
Me, #foreveralone RT twitterusername "she seeks a ??Superman???, a man who is stronger, smarter and more financially stable". twitterurl
The man himself is excited for his new solo! Haha! RTtwitterusername 8 hours to go #taeyang #ringalinga twitterurl
Happy 37th Birthday twitterusername ,hope you had a great day. And always remember to behave yourself. See you soon man! (:
[ST] Body of Vietnamese man recovered from waters off East Coast Park beach: November 26, 2013 11:0... twitterurl #singapore
Gonna shove everyone away for now. And torture myself with this feeling. Man it feels so good. Hahahahahaha
Identity of body found off East Coast identified by cousin as missing Vietnamese man: November 27, 2013 12:28 ... twitterurl
[News] Man goes missing in waters off Changi country club: The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore said i... twitterurl
"twitterusername Pay attention to every word a man says when he's angry because that's when the harsh truth comes out."
Really man. Why are there so many ppl getting together now. I really think its the season._.
I'm not Jesus's holy son or something of course I lost my first kiss and all man.
hahahaha stiff as a stick, miss dancing damn much man. why did I even throw away my hobby...... :(
Man blocks ramp for the disabled for over an hour -- to wash and wax his car twitterurl twitterurl
Incredible story of one woman???s war against the most hated man on the internet twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Sometimes all you need in life is for a fat man to tell you that nothing is impossible!!
AsiaClassifiedToday Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl - Cha... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Real talk look I'm telling ya man if you get jammed up don't mention my name!! #Jeezy
Got diarrhea flow man I shit on niggas even when I'm constipated I still shit on niggas !!
50sticks cigg only allow to be brought into australia when we're staying there for 3weeks?? You kidding me man.
imma b like man cuh, fuck how you feel, it ain't my fault yo ass is here lmao
What kind of justification does the man have for beating his wife to death and being a jobless gamer?
Happy 18th Bornday twitterusername Keep Calm and stay awesome. You're a man now. KL is far too?? twitterurl
Nothing else screams "shower me with your attention" when a man is able to show his confidence boldly.
Why are you not watching Manchester United game? ??? I don't like them. Lol anything but not man utd. :) twitterurl
[News] Coroner rules cause of death of man found in trolley bag cannot be determined: The coroner's court has ... twitterurl
Too turnt lmao"twitterusername Man hell Yea RT twitterusername I'M SO FUCKIN HYPE FOR THE WALKING DEAD OMFG"
Ms Zee is being annoying this morning! How can man !! I never send wrongly la seh. twitterurl
If a senior such as Tricia is unhappy w/ you then you've got some serious issues man
Man... my parents only care abt my sister not me... asks her hows her day but then for me...
#lifestyle #news: Chinese man jailed for pimping teen in Singapore: He will serve six years in prison twitterurl #singapore
Idk what the fuck you've been doing for the past 6 hours man. But I hope you're okay.
Happy birthday twitterusername Didn't know its your bdae, hope you'll grow up to be a fine young man :)
SAF says man shouting in Northpoint library is not a commando | What???s buzzing? - Yahoo News Singapore twitterurl
Never have I hated a movie character so much. Not even Voldemort man. At least that guy's honest.
Man crushed to death by 5,000kg of grapes in Spanish wine producing region twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
And now she's flexing her toes. Must be the power release earned from forcing chivalry from a man.
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Running Man "Race Start" in Singapore Press Conference" twitterurl
Sukjin said he hopes to film Running Man in SG in the future with Singapore Flyer in the background! #RunningManInSG
I posted 101 photos on Facebook in the album "Running Man "Race Start" in Singapore Press Conference" twitterurl
Police arrest man who allegedly wanted to rob #Yishun bank with Beretta replica air pistol twitterurl twitterurl
If I want to see the Running Man members, I have to pay the lowest S$158. ROBBERY OR WHAT
"twitterusername I don't know whether something is wrong with me, but I feel happier alone ahahha!! so peaceful man!"
Navy man Jason Chee's table-tennis victory - twitterurl - 2 golds, 1 bronze for someone with only 1 hand, 2 fingers.
Rushing down to Unicity Office now, to catch a glimpse of the Genius man behind the powerful Unipower System... twitterurl
I love my daddy to death but I swear he the slowest moving man in America lol
K reading time while waiting for Running Man to start. My Shinhwa Oppa-Deul in this episodeeeeee~
??twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername you goin to six flags???nah he goin to ya mouffffff??? man fuck you
No man wants to get attached to a girl who acts like she's still in the market when she's not.
Give me subzero temperature ANYTIME man! I rather cover up than keep wiping off sweat from my hair.
Haha who did this? Hahaha ??twitterusername i'm not a Man-U fan but, i don't agree with this picture.. twitterurl
Like the fact that a grown man jumped on a like 13 yr old girl's song about fridays
Only a weak man would complain about his woman. A strong one would show her who's boss
Tampines resident gets unusual wake-up call -- the sound of a man blowing into a horn twitterurl twitterurl
What have you been thinking about lately? ??? I think of... When can i go man utd stadium?? twitterurl
You should start contacting guys now. Who knows your ... ??? Idk man. Nay, I don't feel like contacting anybody rn... twitterurl
yes yes I won running man fanmeet ticket hehehehe and I"ll be going w Jan yay
Man stuck in waist-deep water after falling into hole at Bt Batok upgrading site twitterurl  twitterurl
"twitterusername A Chinese man successfully sued his wife for having having an "incredibly ugly" child." Blame his own sperm lol
If another man ever put their hands on my son n abused him! ... I might be going to jail
If another man EVER puts his hands on my son .. I'm going to jail bro RS Idc
hahaha miss you too bro :') RT twitterusername Morning to you man, miss you! "twitterusername good morning dude! :) RT twitterusername Goodmorning"
An elderly man has been reported missing since yesterday by his son. His father is suffering from dementia and... twitterurl
Oh thats the ans.. outfit of the day haha thx silly me.. ??? hahaha yeah welcome man! twitterurl
hougang utd have trail ? im looking for a club to join ??? Not sure man, needa check with my coach twitterurl
Listening to songs while waiting for the match to start. It's Man United. Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Dudes trying to squeeze me out of line I will drop yr wrestler ass fuck off man
Trololol just saw the man who sells prata while patrolling.  Waved at him and he gave an awkward smile.
Aww man wish I was 18 once more. I miss goig around being a sundal bolong hunting for men.
Shall I show some half fuck standard tmr ? Since I'm gonna stay till 7... Damn prata man.
This 96-year-old man wrote the most heartbreaking song of the year twitterurl #Lifestyle via twitterusername
Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee flat twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Ur talking to the wrong chick, man. I've a masters in slacking (MSk).I will never get hospitalised for overwork.
#lifestyle #news: No limits for man with no limbs: Nick Vujicic, an Australian motivational speaker... twitterurl #singapore
[NEW POST] ONE to Run ???Watsons Race Start! in Singapore??? of the Running Man Fan Meeting Asia Tour 2013 twitterurl
Oscar winner twitterusername will play #Batman in the Man of Steel sequel, Warner Bros confirm twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
oh my god running man fanmeet in october ;A; I need to go but I'm working alr lol
Second man arrested for role in gang rape of photojournalist in Mumbai as police promise swift justice twitterurl
Stayed in school for like 6.5 hours on a school holiday hah hah hah so much life man.
Injured Kaka has decided against collecting his wages from AC Milan until he returns to full fitness. What a man.
Zhang Ziyi's 'lucky' to have kissed 'the man of every girls' dream'  For more on this story: twitterurl twitterurl
so much BIGBANG updates today (GD, Seungri, Daesung, Taeyang.. only that TOP remained elusive) Inkigayo + Running Man + GD's fansign #VIPday
Tbh you're a great guy. A good listener. Someone I can really rely on. Thanks for helping out man :) twitterusername
Never fear a man if he bleed too Some niggas need a head shot some niggas need two ..
Man brags about driving at 200km/h at night -- and even shows off his speedometer twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername ??twitterusername Females have a specific guy they text after every fight with their man.??? Oppss" ooo patutlah haha
Walao thought of flunking ss but then ms sia texted wtf man whyyyyyyy must u make me feel guiltyyyy
[CNA] Man jailed for stealing caged birds: Yeo Boo Hock, 43, stole two 'Jambul' birds worth $650 an... twitterurl #singapore
Yeah the choice was all mine but I'd never thought that I'd be the last man standing alone
Ahahaa loser "twitterusername Adult man spends near 100 grand on plastic surgeries to look like his idol, Justin Bieber twitterurl
Admiring West Ham's playing style. That's why cannot sleep, but if Man City scores another, that's it. Lol!!!
Watching running man in the train and im cant contain my laughter. Hahaahahaaahah! KANG GARY WHY SO CUTE LAAAAAA
Being??a man is not about how tough you are, its about how you control the difficult situations that?? twitterurl
??we are best friends??? said the one who've left long ago. don't just misuse the term man, seriously.
#lifestyle #news: Honesty pays off for US homeless man who turned in US$42,000: More than US$100,00... twitterurl #singapore
Man Utd getting raped so hard that there should be a R21 Rating for the match's telecast
Ala baru first dtart of epl. Just wait. Man utd will getting stronger.. JUst need a more time??????
"twitterusername A chinese man sued his wife for being too ugly and the Court agreed awarding him $115,000."
Scrolling through twitter's timeline yesterday and I wasn't disappointed! HAHAHHA So funny all the man u fans..
Finally, had Max Brenner Chocolate Bar by the Bald Man.. Hehe thanks to twitterusername for treating me?? twitterurl
Black Five > Arlington Fly By Honors: The Sizemore/Andre Missing Man Formation Flyby by Warrior Aviation and a... twitterurl
But because of jiao lang go into DB, not worth it man. I gotta keep my cool.
Think, Singapore! > Weaning S'pore off the Great Man leadership style: The notion does disservice to our past,... twitterurl
Usually so far some guys say "let the best man win" to me i always give up sia
#Singapore #Books #Deal: Beautiful: A Beautiful Girl. An Evil Man. One Inspiring True Story of Courage By... twitterurl
to the childish yet perverted pororo who lights up running man and the secret chairman of the betrayal club :) #HappyHahaDay
??twitterusername Intimacy or ' Into me i see ' hahahaha fuck man this is hilarious !??? cerita apa ah? Aku ingat ingat lupa
One more time..."twitterusername "twitterusername Any man that wears capris is a fagit" but Gucci wear em tho"
??twitterusername Seriously man think that tweet refer to you. I not so bo Liao like u guys??? ok
[CNA] Man arrested for extorting nude photos from woman online: Singapore police have arrested a 19... twitterurl #singapore
that white girl is 90 lbs & beat that 240 lb beast lmaoooo she a fuckin rider man
US man sentenced to 60 years in prison for killing vagrant, then eating his brain and eyes twitterurl
First impressions: Our man on Apple???s campus say the new iPhones are nifty and not plasticky at all twitterurl
Can't wait for :) to arrive hmmm deciding the finest places man.... I think this time is perfect
The whole world rushing to download Book 2 of Legend Of Korra man. Leechers and Seeders hahaha
Hoping that youngsters can come in the second half during the match since man utd have a UCL this Wednesday
Hey NurHidayat Sabri :') . You're officially a man now , to the world and to me. I know being apart is?? twitterurl
Man asked not to lean on MRT pole threatens to kill uncle if he goes to China twitterurl twitterurl
Which teams do you support in the EPL/Bundeliga? ??? Man United BUT I have a soft spot for Arsenal \
Nadiah Mdin is something man. She's drop dead gorgeous and I would say, she's really good in acting! Thumbs up!
"welcome to candyland, you'll wanna fuck me twice, i'll be your gingerbread man, first time naughty then second time nice"
[TAKE NOTE!] Big Pocket Group has changed the seating plan for RACE START! Running Man Fanmeeting in Malaysia for... twitterurl
Can Iron Man rescue HTC? Mobile phone maker hires Robert Downey Jr to help reinvent its brand twitterurl
What the hell man why am i always wrong when i try to do the right thing
I would never in this lifetime or the next, give my man permission to cheat. That is not debatable.
"twitterusername twitterusername your live tweeting of raw is on par with Khloe Kardashians" wohoo.. glad for that man #RAW
Man pleads guilty to vandalising Cenotaph war memorial, sentencing on Aug 26: August 12, 2013 11:19 AMA securi... twitterurl
[News] Man pleads guilty to vandalising war monument: A security officer on Monday pleaded guilty to vandalisi... twitterurl
why the hell got this china man who keeps on calling me and asking for ahyi?!?? retarded ah
US man detained in North Korea hospitalised, need to free him becoming more urgent, family says twitterurl
Man faces 260 charges of taking upskirt videos with his iPhone, which he tucked in his shoelaces twitterurl
Not you(: "twitterusername we all some aint shit niggas on here tho :/ RT twitterusername Hoe ass niggas man"
What's your favourite fruit? (^-^) ??? o m g hands down watermelon!!! YOU DON'T KNOW MAN. It's like an obsession a... twitterurl
Man jailed, fined for unlawful possession of ICs: A nightclub manager was on Monday sentenced to one day's jai... twitterurl
I think #throwback is more like forgetting to upload that picture then you decide to #throwback man.
slept in the bus. woke up w blurry eyesight and sat beside a crap smelling man. oh god why.
"twitterusername Robbie William. RT twitterusername I'm doing all I can to be a better man" yeza hehe
Watching the live streaming for 9 hours = no joke man.. So tired coz of the time difference!
Dreamt I witnessed the breakup od two talented chefs.  one blond artistic type and one strapping macho man 1/2
[CNA] Online prostitution syndicate mastermind pleads guilty to offences: A man who was one of the ... twitterurl #singapore
Stop pestering me for me number if I don't give it to you,stfu and move on man.
Hais.. Got a letter from Cmpb. That I have to go for spine check up. Wtf man
Nick Cheung has massive respect for Thai female co-star -- who used to be a man twitterurl twitterurl
Good thing Man United match against Spurs is at 8pm, can go to bed early after watching.
All the best to those having term test. I haven took any term test for 6 semesters. Feels good man.
"Celebrating the life of the man who never forgot to live his life, goodbye and goodnight Tata Madiba"
The innocent men/ flowers boy next door / king with 2 hearts / he's beautiful /the inheritors/ prettt man /
(sna) Singapore court denies bail to man charged with government website hacking; credits Malaysian police for... twitterurl
Andy Rubin, the man who built Google's Android software, now working on robots for manufacturing companies twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for armed robbery in Geylang Bahru: Police on Wednesday arrested a 35-year-old m... twitterurl #singapore
Why u dun WANA study always goin out hiyo?? ??? When did I go out? Lol. Next yr man. :) twitterurl
Whenever I see the Man United - Pepsi Commercial, it makes me wanna meet the Manchester United players.
Today exact two ago I knew about a man name Cho Kyuhyun and fell in love with him ???????? twitterusername ?????????
??twitterusername Dont take a good man for granted someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't.???
My mum has a serious problem of gap filling man. Need to tell her of the problem soon lololol
[News] 'Subway Samurai' arrested after scaring passengers: A man was arrested for bringing a samurai sword on ... twitterurl
Meanwhile, guy in reserved seat still pretending to sleep.. - Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl
Eyewitness Reports: Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[CNA] ???Samurai??? on MRT train detained after scaring passengers: A man togged in what appeared to be... twitterurl #singapore
[News] 'Subway Samurai' detained after scaring passengers: A man dressed in what appeared to be samurai garb a... twitterurl
Fuck i cant stop reading it. The words.. The expression.. Just too much.. Thats just fucked up man.
So, playing the kids to save regular squad for Man City, how did that work out for West Ham? twitterusername
A man with dignity and someone with great humour even though he's old. An awesome greatgrandfather won't be easily forgotten.
Wtf."twitterusername Two youths arrested for assaulting and robbing 78-year-old wheelchair-bound man in North Bridge Road twitterurl
Choa Chu Kang Murder: Accused remanded for another week: January 09, 2014 11:23 AMThe man accused of murdering... twitterurl
[ST] Choa Chu Kang Murder: Accused remanded for another week: January 09, 2014 11:23 AMThe man accu... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!] Man, 22, under police probe for posting racist remarks under pseudonym ???Heather Chua???: A 22-ye... twitterurl #singapore
Man gets run over on by race horses after starting gate opened while he was there twitterurl #Singapore
Video shows man who appears to be run over by horses during a race at Turf Club twitterurl
[ST] Video shows man who appears to be run over by horses during a race at Turf Club twitterurl
You can tell when a woman's in her feelings on IG....inspirational/man bashing posts all fuckin day
HAHAHAHAHHAHA DAFUQ RT twitterusername A man at an Airport caught farting on a thermal imaging camera twitterurl
STOMP Citizen Journalism Awards: Weather too hot? Man buys ice cream at Parkway Parade in colourful underwear  twitterurl
I added a video to a twitterusername playlist twitterurl Infernal Affairs: Phone Call from a Dead Man - Film Riot Monday
Bring girlfriend go out once can spend almost $350? I don't know what I spend in man. :-(
dhahaha fck! :)) RT twitterusername Ladies; If your boyfriend is shorter than 5'5 he's not your man, he is your minion.
For man looks at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart. ???1 Samuel 16:7
Keep having to tell this man don't touch me if you not gon TOUCH me and I mean that shit
Italian mafia fed man alive to pigs, police say: ROME (Reuters) - A group of Calabrian mafia assassins beat a ... twitterurl
downloading 21 jump street but WHY THE FUCK IS IT TAKING SO LONG I NEED TO SLEEP MAN D:
I better be the only man sticking it. Licking it like an envelope, mailing it, sealing it.
Jesus Son of the Most High, the one and only living God, 100% Man, 100% God = 200% in POWER.
Wtf why do I see my name. ??? I don't know man people think you're Seth Rogan WHAT AN INSULT twitterurl
Like c'mon man!! If y'all have diligently obeying traffic rules, you won't get knocked down! Oh well. Good night.
Instead of helping the man.. why riot? Like tat wanna send to hospital also not in time already right?
Da la.. Man utd pls be in top 4. And buy alot of player in jan 2014...
Wtf man discussing with twitterusername where to study on Monday and we arrived at JB Starbucks HAHAHAHAHA
Unverified #LittleIndiaRiot Twitter report: Bus ferrying workers knocked & killed Bangla man, 200 rioters damaged vehicles, beat police
U.S. wine dealer's 'magic cellar' filled with lies: prosecutors: NEW YORK (Reuters) - An Indonesian man, once ... twitterurl
Man Overboard gig over! Got me a poster and coheed and cambria cd. Better than expected crowd was good
Just back to singapore from Kukup! Gonna miss Kukup a lot man :( and my company back there~
Man charged in court for the murder of his friend's wife, whose headless body was found in Sungei Whampoa twitterurl
S'porean man who cyberstalked US singer Leandra Ramm (pic) gets 3 years' jail, fined $5,000 twitterurl twitterurl
And i have not shit yet for the past err 5days? Hahaha fuck the rations they give us man.
Like the whole world owe you and your son. FUCK off man. Wtf kind of show is this. Shit show
STOMP Citizen Journalism Awards Month 5: Man leaves GF crying at MRT station after heated argument twitterurl
happy birthday to one of the most gorgeous man in this planet twitterusername stay awesome forever honeey xoxo
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose? ??? Tiger maybe or snake twitterurl
Police arrest 47-year-old man as suspect in spate of vehicle break-ins at Hougang twitterurl twitterurl
Man buys new iPhone 5C from SingTel, only for it to be locked remotely by 'original owner' twitterurl twitterurl
I'm controlling myself not to be rude but seriously the man beside me smell like pee cum salted fish. Fuuuuuuu
Man United Rio Ferdinand (knee), Phil Jones (knee) and Marouane Fellaini (wrist), Nani (hamstring) and Ashley Young (shoulder) are injured
Man City winger Jesus Navas returns after resting a knee problem while defender Dedryck Boyata is available again after suspension.
The new battery I got fr my phone is so powerful.15% from yesterday night lasted until now man.
Forget my plan. Got d'hoteliers report to be done. This man really need a hand dude. Lels yawn
Fug man I def ate too many and drank too many stuffs last night. I OFFICIALLY LOST MY VOICE.
What you wanna be in the future? ??? idk man. hopefully something relevant to what I've been studying? hopefully i... twitterurl
Nah niggas don't touch my shit ??twitterusername Ladies has a man ever thrown your phone far before????
Lmfaooooooo??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername bitch hop off my man turn ya location on ima beat ya ass???
Bruno Mars: the only man that can make being a lazy, gorilla sex desperate pedophile sounds so good.
after claypot rice for dinner > chocolate ice cream crepe > and now blackball for dessert!! man life?? twitterurl
Gary mentioned again that he wants to come back to Malaysia with the Running Man members! #LEESSANGinMY #gary #gil
Man gets 7 years and 9 strokes for raping 8-year-old cousin 14 years ago twitterurl twitterurl
anon you can use papecut if you wanna do that effect now stop bothering gloria lol ??? Hahah thanks man ???? twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Police looking at MRT station CCTV footage after man found near tracks ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Bukit Uhud, Madinah. my dad helped this man sell a lot of things & my dad got fired ((MAJOR LOL)) twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: 'Are you from China?' The young man killed by racist thugs in India - ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
OMG i love how twitterusername 's GF is so open to everything ! what a lucky man ! twitterurl
No man lmao??twitterusername 14. Do you have an obsession with being watched during sex, masturbation or nakedness????
Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station was not hit by a train, twitterusername clarifies twitterurl via twitterusername
(sna) Netizens question how an elderly man could have gotten on MRT track unnoticed despite having CCTVs and... twitterurl
Seriously steve irwin got large balls. How can he face all these fierce scary man eating animals so steadily?
Yea man. True that! Haha! My boyfriend also wears Dr. Martens everyday. Hehe. Same as me.... ??? Awww couple shoes!!! twitterurl
If this man was on the snake on the plane movie, the movie will finish in five seconds
Style,height,smile ??twitterusername Ladies, what is something you notice immediately (and are attracted to) on a man physically????
Oh man, no vacancy for me to enroll into language school. Waiting for a few more weeks then. :)
Fergie time: Legendary ex-Man U coach Alex Ferguson's coaching courses in Thailand posponed due to protests. \
AsiaClassifiedToday Man gets jail, cane for armed robbery and molestation - Channel News As... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Don't know Shaarabakliao personally but I'm sure he was a good man after seeing his friends tweets. My condolences....
Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
"It's okay son, if you don't succeed in your studies, you could always be a Char Kway Teow man."\
Yeah, choice was all mine but I never thought that I'd be the last man standing alone~
Woke up to SMTheBallad Breath and Running Man preview for next week (My Love From Another Star) #awesome
Eh Happy Birthday to my beloved best friend! twitterusername ace for N's okay? :) see you around dude! :) love ya man! :)
[Y!FB] The first man to be sentenced in connection with the #LittleIndiaRiot was not in...: The fir... twitterurl #singapore
Wah sian a whole gang of sec 1s just came into my cabin gg man i quit life
??twitterusername twitterusername *takes out my shotgun and aims at you* DIE MAN DIE!!??? Ummm.... Dont world.. Its not even loaded..
Remember Man City's comeback after 2 goals down by Watford? Yup this is an encore so calm the fuck down
Man Utd, please slow down with the "being a shit team" please, I know you are, but don't overdo it.
Thats what i always feel in camp at night . That is why i have running man show in my phone .
Token Nigga rule: 2 African Americans talking about something that isn't vice related or a problem a white man caused
[News] Driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4: A driver who reversed his Mercedes Benz ... twitterurl
Man acquitted on temp insanity grounds after stabbing mum 90 times, must have been temporarily pretty fecking mad #90times
Oh man shooting now with a serious hangover omg I've to be discipline next time no more drinking so crazy
AsiaClassifiedToday Macau Casino Magnate Lui Passes Li as Asia's Richest Man - Bloomberg: M... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
[News] Man falls overboard near Kusu Island, search and rescue underway: The Maritime and Port Authority of Si... twitterurl
Go play some cricket or somethin. Us'yeke! RT twitterusername Are they going to broadcast the Man United ... twitterurl
Just because someone can't become a hero twitterusername doesn't mean he can't be happy man?. Jealousy is mean. twitterusername
.twitterusername looking for this man to help investigations into armed robbery case at Blk306 Canberra Rd on 9Jan twitterurl
[ST] Man faces amended charge of committing murder after alleged victim died: January 23, 2014 11:3... twitterurl #singapore
Phone not making no noise, I'm just up. I just want to go back to sleep man
I think that man is a dj from rupee room or smtg, playing loud hindustan music in the public -.- twitterurl
??twitterusername A man can legally beat his wife, but not more than once a month. (Arkansas)??? wat
[MV] ????????(Ailee) _ ???????? ?????????(Singing got better): twitterurl Let this MV gain 1m views man!!! Share around please! :D :) <3
[TRE] SBS Transit explains about man lying next to MRT door: A reader living in Punggol contacted T... twitterurl #singapore
Happy birthday my man :* may Allah bless you always and may all your dream comes true. Be a good?? twitterurl
Aimee Chan wants to be with Moses Chan in her next life.. even if she becomes a man\
Our violent nature. twitterusername 10) If you could change one thing about a man or woman it would be?
Back then when i was thinking PKR shouldn't be one man party. Today it seems they are.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.\
[Y!] Cement-mixer driver in horrific Tampines accident gets 2 weeks jail, driving ban: The man who ... twitterurl #singapore
This time the running man game is much more interesting thanks to one of the HK fan who create it.
Nonetheless, go Watford!!! Kick that ass of Man City. Let them taste the feeling of losing at home...
??It is impossible to make a man understand something if his livelihood depends on not understanding it.???-U. Sinclair twitterurl
Refuse to send the man a goodnight msg first just in case he just copy paste the whole thing. -.-
Meet the man who has spent much of his adulthood trying to get Hillary Clinton into the White House | twitterurl
"The greatest thing a man can do for a woman is to lead her closer to Allah than to himself."
Man rapes 8yr old cousin and is only sentenced to jail and caning 14 yrs later twitterurl
[CNA] Shop owner fined for selling alcohol after restricted hours: A man was fined S$4,000 on Wedne... twitterurl #singapore
WALAN last rt of Kurt Cobain is epic man with that typical sg pasar plastic bag!! XD
Good game Lions! At least a draw, and referee kayu! Ok, shall sleep now. Man U's match later on!
i can't give up just yet man. I'll prove to you that not all guys are jerks.
Beckham is my idol. Such a successful man. And i'm not gay but tbh he's fucking sachok
[Y!] Appeal ???inadequate??? sentence of man who had endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat, ACRES urges AVA twitterurl
Student helps blind man at Woodlands MRT station with a smile on his face twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Know who this man of royalty is? Jackie Chan didn't -- and mistook him for someone else twitterurl twitterurl
NSF man catching the thief, so proud of that guy! but cameraman took the photo on time. Woah twitterurl
Hey man, your dogs are disturbing the peace in #Punggol estate by barking non-stop twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Girls complain about guys being jerks etc,you're not good enough to attract a real man thats why"
China detains man for spreading 'panic' with bird flu rumors: BEIJING (Reuters) - Police in central China have... twitterurl
Jaejin singing "When I was Your Man" on the runway (video cut from Fashion Killa) twitterurl #Jaejin #FashionKilla
Gerard Pique has warned Manchester City that Barcelona are not a one-man team reliant totally on Lionel Messi. twitterurl
LBJ: "Kyrie! You gna put it up, man. Show the fans!" #swag | All-Star Sunday: Mini-Movie twitterurl via twitterusername
Didn't u guys break up after 1 hour last time or was it one day?? ??? Wow man twitterurl
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? Hah manada tu hoax tai kucing lah itu haha twitterurl
Aye gloria!!! So obvious who that anon is HAHAHA joke. Anyway, last long haha :) ??? Thanks man:???) twitterurl
[CNA] Suspect arrested for theft of S$85,000 from lodging house: Police have arrested a man suspect... twitterurl #singapore
When i hug u close, your boobs to my man boobs, thats when i feel my heart close to yours
Learn to give without a reason. Oh well, everything happens with a reason. What a man without his reason? ;p
my ph pay and ot adds up $200 more to my actual pay man. banyak pe tu.
Every man in uniform is not a soldier, many mercenaries love to fight for the sake of booty !
And she builds her own dream. To build her dream house and live with her dream man. Good morning :)
It's pure torture, man. Torture! "twitterusername So they sat down  and thought WTF lets give Teacher Wanjiku her own show!!"
Man fined $5,000 for slamming teenager's head against arcade game machine twitterurl   scary... i can't imagine him playing L4D2
Man stops to help at accident scene in Malaysia, only to find son dead under car wreck twitterurl
twitterurl the brave man that i love dearly the one that tries his best even when he is sick
Man fined for slamming teen's head against arcade machine for beating him at racing game twitterurl twitterurl
What started MRT fight: One man thought the other was making obscene tongue gestures at GF twitterurl twitterurl
' Do you know I am going to leave you, I'm in love with a dying man. ' #nowplaying
im gonna slap crazyno...seriously what was that "im sorry" man u have no restriction on your trolling :/ lol
"twitterusername Aunt May, I don???t think he shot that from his wrists?? (Amazing Spider-Man #108, 1972) twitterurl hahahhaha
Aww man, I hope the next time Leo DiCaprio's nominated for an Oscar again, he wins. #4TimesAlreadyAndStillNada
Really no life I'm playing Garena MStar but I'm out of this game after 2 hours man lol
Shit man gtg sleep now or else I wont be able to wake up later on nights!
A crazy man with a gigantic shades and straw hat in the mrt smiling away like nobody business.
45-year-old man dies of cardiac arrest after collapsing at 11km mark during marathon twitterurl twitterurl
A dear friend is freaking out cuz he think he might have an anal wart. Oh man. :(\
Man dies after collapsing at 2XU Compression Run marathon: March 04, 2014 9:09 AMIT professional William Muk h... twitterurl
??the day i dress for a man is the day they dress me in my coffin to see jesus???\
[ST] Man arrested for alleged cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino: March 02, 2014 9:22 PMPolice hav... twitterurl #singapore
OMG you stupid china man! At least press the freaking pedestrian crossing light before squatting beside it. Ugh #StupidPeople #everywhere
WTF! dude not cool yo!!! RT twitterusername Man who took upskirt videos of over 260 women jailed 9 months twitterurl
im pretty sure... she didnt die.. but dont do the almost dead thing.. thats not cool man
You're complete garbage if you have sex with drunk women while you're sober. You're not a man.
Elderly man in Bukit Timah spotted gripping hands of youths -- until they pay for his cab fare\
The #pizza man! It turns out, he's the owner ya! :-) #oscars ??twitterusername twitterurl [FULL] Oscar Pizza Deliverer CNN Interview"
Man who allegedly crashed thru barrier at #Singapore's #Woodlands Checkpoint faces two charges-one of acting rashly & another of vandalism
[CNA] Man who allegedly crashed through Woodlands checkpoint charged: The 64-year-old Malaysian dri... twitterurl #singapore
34 aircraft, 40 ships, hundreds of manpower and thousands of man hours spent in search of the missing aircraft: DCA
In honouring the man, the SDP has launched the Mohd Isa Bursary Award. Because of Isa's personal commitment to... twitterurl
Kind and patient man walked lost me all the way to damned secluded ATMs heheh god bless him
Doing camps for 5 days with a heavy bag. Not funny man going home with big bags. PUBLIC SOME MORE.
Could not have a bigger man crush than I do on Dan Geer.  Why?  Yet another example here twitterurl
Here's to the kids to man, 10th scc batch. Thank faris thank you qimchiiii for sharing your knowledge?? twitterurl
Man Utd starting lineup: De Gea; Rafael,Jones,Smalling,Evra; Carrick,Fellaini; Mata,Rooney,Januzaj; Van Persie
In a world without hope, in a land before time, only one man narrated all the trailers...\
pekena the famous cendol leman dawi in somban. layaaan even this old man speaks about local history non stop now.
I've missed two episodes of running man so i'm gonna watch it now while at work. Pass timeeeeeee
Would he date a married man? O_O RT twitterusername Waiting for twitterusername to date me. Is there a queue??
[News] Police arrest man who stripped naked on MRT train: The passenger was travelling from Bukit Batok toward... twitterurl
bitch spoke to me like a puss over the phone and dares to call himself a man
it's not easy being the eldest child man, pls be nice to your oneesans and oniisans kk...
Idk iron man not just symbolize Hero , his style his action and his attitude damn guys should adore him .
Yeah man hahaha RTtwitterusername You know a party is awesome when you need no alcohol to get high.
54y.o Johor man becomes first reported MERS death in Asia outside of the Middle East. twitterusername with more  twitterurl
My stomach hurts frm laughing too much watching running man. I cant believe my mum made watch this w her
So my dad asked me to implement something like "CPF" to my monthly allowance. Wtf man hahaha jk
[TODAY] Malaysia confirms first MERS-CoV fatality: SINGAPORE - A Malaysian man in Johor has died fr... twitterurl #singapore
Kit Up! > SOCOM Lists Iron Man Suit Collaborators: The U.S. military listed off the companies its working with... twitterurl
Man arrested for trying to tailgate through Woodland Checkpoint twitterurl 1 mistake now all trying to test our checkpoint
Strong PM? MT 'twitterusername US judge orders Ohio man hold sign saying ??I am a bully" twitterurl  #Instafax twitterurl '
Picking up my lil man from school .. I love my kids to death & would do anything for them.
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername walao you told me you bought the ginger bread man for your mom! Liar"
"twitterusername Great White Shark circles man in Kayak. What would you do? twitterurl just keep kayaking twitterusername
But the work stress after this week of studying.... omgggg. I need a real proper break man.
PICTURES: The world's first gold-covered car took 200 man-hours to be covered with gold leaf twitterurl twitterurl
Peter Parker & Harry Osbourne throwing pebbles into the sea. Lol! The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Movie Clip: twitterurl
MP Indranee Rajah speaks up about man mocked by Miss Universe Singapore finalist: SINGAPORE - Member of Parlia... twitterurl
At the very least shouldn't we try to not be so proud of our sins or something man damn.
Wanted to watch Man United match against West Ham, but think again I cannot cause need some sleep.
sir Alex 1000th game in charge : Man Utd 2-1 Lyon. Wenger 1000th game : Arsenal 0-6 Chelsea
[CNA] Man in spitting spat at Woodlands Interchange convicted of 5 charges: Juraimi Kamaludin, 48, ... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername I have a strong feeling that i failed??? dont say that man. You will pass dont worry
[Y!FB] Here's the final international trailer of The Amazing Spider-Man 2! Be the first...: Here's ... twitterurl #singapore
IF wigan is destroying man city what makes arsenal fans thinks wigan aint gonna destroy them cocky idiots
This man shows you how waiting for your wife while she shops doesn't always have to be boring twitterurl twitterurl
???Crazy??? man runs 1,300km in 31 days to encourage bone marrow donations: SINGAPORE - Running a marathon, or 42k... twitterurl
[News] Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse: An Indian national who failed to disper... twitterurl
Seriously what's wrong with you guys man I didn't even do anything to you you all stare what stare
A man has been arrested for kicking a bus along Serangoon Rd on Saturday twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
(CNA|sg) Cast, crew of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" wow fans at Marina Bay Sands twitterurl
Tweet Madness Recap: An amazing Spider-Man 2 night with cast and crew at Marina Bay Sands twitterurl
All the fangirls' $$$ ??twitterusername SM's Lee Soo Man revealed to have purchased an LA mansion through a paper company twitterurl
Helped this old man to push him in his wheelchair, carried his stuff into his wife's car , and (cont) twitterurl
[CNA] Peeping Tom jailed 12 weeks: A man who used to serve National Service at the Singapore Police... twitterurl #singapore
oh man,why mostly those idol group with member that use purple as representative color all my type of fav
Kmsl #cards #from #K #cant #raise #a #man #wont #raise #one ..#heyhey! #k #play #too #much twitterurl
I know this man LeBron did not just blame his recent bad play on Wade being healthy...
I'll see you soon man, hopefully everything will be alright i love you bro. 14 years and still counting! ???? twitterusername
Hadn't ran in such a long time , my lungs are like that of an aging old man .
Come on ah #LFC. We really need that 3 points. Man City needs to be under us, not above us.
This is worth tweeting. Man u losing to Liverpool,  3-0. 3 penalties, one missed. Red card to vidic.
#lifestyle #news: Man killed in cinema parking lot after argument about movie: Eyewitness say it wa... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man investigated for making false report of armed robbery: Police are investigating a 37-year... twitterurl #singapore
Lmaooooo RT twitterusername Ummmmm no RT twitterusername Nah ladies this how y'all be when y'all ain't got no man?? twitterurl
[TheVerge] Dorian Nakamoto issues a final public statement insisting he didn't invent Bitcoin: Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto, the man Newsw...
Man United will be without centre-backs Chris Smalling (hamstring) and Jonny Evans (calf) for Wednesday's CL match against Olympiacos.
[ST] Man sought by police for case of outrage of molest near North Bridge Road on Mar 5 twitterurl
Man on trial for spitting at two women at bus interchange; claims one called him 'stupid' twitterurl #Singapore
Some try to hand me money, they don't understand, I'm not broke. I'm just a broken-hearted man
Man who said he kissed nurse in iconic Times Square photo dies at age 86 twitterurl twitterurl
The Monitored Man: After six months of heavy use of activity-monitoring gadgets ??? sometimes wearing four at a ... twitterurl
[ST] Woman jailed 12 months for abetting god-daughter, 15, to have paid sex with man twitterurl
Walaupun aku sokong Man Utd. Tapi Definition sayur = Manchester United tu definitely football troll paling win. Hahaha.
Currently...just me and my maj...I love my big man..#jacori #semaj #we #chillin #cant #believe #he #is?? twitterurl
Now my babys dancing~ but his dancing with another girl~ :') ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
OH GOD SAKAI PLZ.. no wonder someone cannt sleep well.. HAHAHAHA! OH MAN! Need to wash my eyes.. LOL!
Told my man tt certain someone has been liking my latest photos on ig haha perangai complain kat bf.
If Man City at least win one game out of their 2, they will be on top of us Liverpool.
Wah twitterusername RT twitterusername Video: Man U misfit Bebe scores eye-popping wonder goal in Portugal. twitterurl twitterurl
Harsh. You'd think he did get the ball? RT twitterusername Ghoulam sent off for Napoli, last man.
Eventhough I am not catching later match I really hope man u will win th is match !
Somebody trying to log into my email...hope Google just tripping because I don't feel like changing my password man
[ST] One Million KG Challenge: Man loses 40kg after health scare: March 23, 2014 7:32 AMMotivated???????? twitterurl #singapore
Fuck man. Haziqah is so mean to me. No one is nice to me. I hate everyone yo twitterusername
*yells every profanity known to man while waving my arms around like a headless chicken on ecstacy*
Adam is the sexiest man alive and also the cutest. Omg how can you not love him #WatchingBlinds
a man was supposed to judge by their action not their sharp dress or their super cool hair
lmaooo??twitterusername No man is 5'2 RT twitterusername niggas be 5'2 talking about "tall girls are uglyyy"???
Man... To work another double tomorrow... Or to not work a double??  That is the question that matters.
Another man arrested for trespassing on Selena Gomez's home -- less than a week after previous incident twitterurl
That's what they neighbor did previously "twitterusername Man City 2nd Goal. As clear offside as you'll ever see... twitterurl
"Cowok ni ganteng banget si" hahahahahaha cant forget that man when Salsha whispered that to Steffie infront of me hahahaha
describe Sarah wee ??? Crazy lunatic no kidding around with this one, man, she's nuts. Smart witty kind (non exhau... twitterurl
See i told you Moyes should make kagawa first 11. (I'm not a Man U supporter just my opinion)
Check out this link and tell us if you think it's Spider-Man. Tweet using #SpideySighting #Ad - twitterurl
News story: Robot man to test protective equipment: MOD has invested ??1.1 million in a robotic mannequin that ... twitterurl
Shock for Tampines resident who saw man lying down in lift without his pants on twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername fuck louis leave mike the fuck alone man fucking scheming mole rat??? ya he fking annoying sometimes
Not getting rid of soft toys any easier... Guess it's going to the rag and bone man twitterurl
[News] M'sian driver arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance: A 42-year-old Malaysian man will be c... twitterurl
[CNA] M'sian driver arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance: A 42-year-old Malaysian man... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Singaporean man who set himself on fire near a petrol kiosk in Johor Baru has died twitterurl
wtf is wrong with her man!! i reported her for scam ??? Okay hahaha anw your friend is hot twitterurl
how's school man? ??? tiring as hell. can't wait to get out of changkat! 5 years is way too much twitterurl
I'm a cunning man and at the same time, I could be a dupe, but that rarely happen.
I passed my standing board jump, literally throw my number tag on the fucking wall. Shiok man. Final ippt cleared.
Man reels in Shovel Nose Shark at Fort Road -- said to be one of the largest caught here twitterurl twitterurl
Nothing frustrates me more than seeing nobody offering a seat to an old man in da bus.
Man, would've loved to see Bonobo perform with a full band when he was here in Singapore. #coachella
I know I shouldn't be complaining, but man having rice every day gets so tiring after a while.
[TODAY] Maximum S$10,000 fine for man who failed to give dog timely treatment: SINGAPORE - A busine... twitterurl #singapore
Maximum S$10,000 fine for man who failed to give dog timely treatment: SINGAPORE - A businessman who failed to... twitterurl
Only when the toilet roll is reaching it's end that a man will learn the true meaning of ration.
Man jailed one week for Kaki Bukit dorm fight, 2nd of 17 men to be charged twitterurl
[Y!FB] Not many places still serve the classic Cantonese dish "arp geok pao" in #Singap...: Not man... twitterurl #singapore
Your jaw will drop when you see how this man climbs a wall -- without any safety gear twitterurl twitterurl
Apparently I didn't got into proj & event department for a reason lol I can't organise outings man damn it
If Man Utd win the remaining games like the old united play. I want class 92' takes over!
But yea, why im not with this type of man? Mmmm i must be settling for less than i deserve.
Malaysian man charged for attempted checkpoint breach, remanded at IMH: SINGAPORE - A 33-year-old Malaysian ma... twitterurl
Fk la so boring everyone's asleep no one to talk to and i cant seem to sleep fts man
Man city winning 2-0 by halftime... so its gonna be win lol ahahha i better get some good sleeep .
We were optimistic about the signals detected, which were confirmed to be man-made: Angus Houston of #JACC. #MH370
Nice speech Mr. Lee :') RT twitterusername Lee Soo Man and SM Entertainment donate a total of $1 million (cont) twitterurl
Anyone know where can i get catchy iron man case for ip4s . Please dont tell me Holiday Plaza .
[ST] Man charged with organising illegal procession against new media rules: April 30, 2014 11:58 A... twitterurl #singapore
Driver nearly gets into an accident with man who uses phone while driving at Woodlands twitterurl twitterurl
A man has been charged for organising an illegal march against the MDA's licensing regime last year. twitterurl
Watch as this man shows you the most epic way to end a TV interview twitterurl twitterurl
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead ?? #amboi #amboi #amboi *suap pulut kuning
Oh lupe Abg supporting Man U forever me on the other hand will never ever support them
Wishing my nephew Caleb King a Happy 1st bday n Valentine!!!! Love the lil mean bad man.!?????????
Eating at this late hour . Along with my chai tea. Can it gets any better? Yes if man united lose .
Its goin to be me... My lappy.. Real madrid vs man utd, nescafe, gudang gararm surya and the seas tonight.
This widget saved my phone man. Buttons spoil nvm, use widget to replace back and menu button.
My dad set his alarm clock on his phone fr Real Madrid vs Man utd match. So cute ?? twitterurl
I've seen them before :D RT twitterusername Bus driver praised for allowing blind man and guide dog on bus twitterurl
Thanks man ! I don't have a choice right. RT twitterusername twitterusername well you gotta face it. Be strong!
Double Major turn off when man have no responsibility.ni part aku paling geraaaam skali.tk blh take it!!!
??twitterusername 66-year-old man arrested for allegedly molesting an 11-year-old boy twitterurl CHEE KO PEK
WTF. I was spooked out by a sleeping man at sun plaza. His face looks like a mannequin. No joke.
I hope someone remember to jio the ice cream man to go to Hong Lim Park now.\
hahahaha taemin went through puberty at the age of 20. he is finally a man. hahahaa ok how mean sorry
Man utd vs reading tmrw morning. If utd win they will play against chelsea or middlesbrough in the quater finals.
Every chicks from music videos of pitbull are so hot and fuckable hahahaha I gotta admit that man.
Unhappy with route man hits and tries to strangle cabby: A freelance marine engineer was jailed for three weeks ... twitterurl
This! ^o^ "twitterusername Kim Jong Kook promised to speak to the PD to bring Running Man to Singapore #KJKinSG"
yay! ??twitterusername Kim Jong Kook promised to speak to the PD to bring Running Man to Singapore #KJKinSG??? #fb
OMG the strap of my shoe broke so I have to buy new shoes WTF perfect timing man
??twitterusername A true man will know whether that particular woman is wearing a g-string or not hahahahahaha???owwwww this
The happiest man alive is the one whom Allah guides. It's just that you didn't realized it :')
Awww man. Next time, Kite challenge! ??twitterusername ??twitterusername Dbl mac spicy now he he??? rindu makan tu bende ngan kau. ??
Beware of Oscar RT twitterusername What do you call a man with no legs?... Fuck all, he might shoot you.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Match fixing: Light is finally being shed on man in shadows - The Nati... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Although i can't get to watch LionsXII match , looking forward to watch Man United match against QPR tonight :D
House, Debris over Fla. Sinkhole to be Removed: (SEFFNER, Fla.) ??? The gaping sinkhole that swallowed a man fro... twitterurl
You're not a man if you argue with a lady. Don't drop your testicles while acting like a female.
Yea man. hahaha RT twitterusername twitterusername of course bro, if ni one push you then who will. Hahaha. :)
The game we have been waiting for so long kicks off at 3.45am. Man U vs Real Madrid.
Help. I spent the entire night just polishing my boots. Im turning into a NS man. NOOOO ?? twitterurl
JUST IN:Self-proclaimed Philippine sultan says gunmen in Sabah would "fight to the last man" following M'sia's armed assault
"? Chinese [...] television screen manufacturer, [...] that turned out to be a man selling fireworks from a shack." twitterurl
you are really one attactive and handsome young man :-) ??? And you are seriously being too nice. Thank you twitterurl
??twitterusername Father dies sheltering girl from blizzard twitterurl man I died a little on the inside reading this
"twitterusername It's really bad that I swear I'm in love with every attractive man I meet.." i feel ya honey
I dont even know if my bag fits all of the stuff that i got to bring . Hahahaha shit man !!
British man dubbed "Fast Eddie" jailed for S$2.2 million heist after 20 years on run twitterurl
Would be interesting to find out what my #Tarot card uncovers - ??twitterusername Singaporean man missing in Hawaii twitterurl
[ST] Singaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea: March 06, 2013 6:56 PMSearch and... twitterurl #singapore
Wespect. ---> RT twitterusername You win some, you lose some. This is football, face it. Accept it Man Utd fans.
Former Man Utd hero Ronaldo scores winning goal to send former club out of Champions League twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername c'mon man I been slappin niggas since I thought I was a power ranger in preschool??? throwed off ??????
Okay screw it man. 52kg. I'm not working out today. My entire body is d y i n g .
What's online: March 08, 2013 1:46 AMSingaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea twitterurl
#ICanHonestlySay that I hate sharing. Whatever it is, sharing food or sharing the same room, just no man no
Give it a try. If she's single, be a man. Say what your heart is screaming inside you.
A task of a man in a relationship is simple, to keep a woman's glowing smile on their faces.
Boys grow hair in their pants. Real man grow hair on their legs. Hahahaha seriously mendak kek
Wow RT twitterusername Man with gun in Brisbane brought down - wow Queen Street Mall was on (cont) twitterurl
Man faces jail time or fine for laughing too loudly in his own home twitterurl via twitterusername
SHEMAR MOORE   The Criminal Minds Actor Shows Off His Fine Physique!: Oh Shemar Moore ! I swear, that man gets... twitterurl
AMBOI MAN SMPI HANTAR GAMBAR DIE PAT KAU HAHA ??twitterusername twitterusername say my name too,, Hee u rox! twitterurl
Mob torches Christian homes in Pakistan: The arrest of a Christian man accused of making anti-Muslim remarks w... twitterurl
man i miss the train track sometimes. it made yew tee so cool. now it's just like meh HAHA.
I'm watching Liverpool vs Tottenham and Man Utd vs Chelsea at the same time! One on tv, one on laptop.
NEA issues warning to coffeeshop operator for failing to stop man who smoked in front of baby\
ok it's strong heart rn running man ended ok all thanks to one tv asia website lol
That's the why! RT twitterusername ask.fm is so 19823 years ago man how could this thing trend only now
Older lady said she got to buy her man some shoes since he been that mack daddy on her! Lol
Yeah man. Would totally date a hot t'cher. RT twitterusername sometimes i wonder why student/teacher relationships are not allowed .
need to fucking come to school every single day and stop skipping. my attendance already like shit, gotta improve man.
Bus steam, man. [Taken by my friend Jeremy Koh] The police responded fairly quickly, I am told. twitterurl
Man guilty of Craigslist murders: Richard Beasley is found guilty of aggravated murder over a plot to lure men... twitterurl
#India: Death in jail of man accused in #NewDelhi gang rape sparks criticism of prison security twitterurl
Bloody hell i just don't talk okay. Shy. Awkward. IDK what to talk also. Gimme a break man
The more I think, the more I become like him. Ah shoot, not anymore. Screwed you, man!
Please dont let tp running man be some lame event lol bc a lot kpoppers inside yay
SAS man 'pressured' into guilty plea: An SAS sniper jailed for possessing a pistol faced "undue pressure" from... twitterurl
The letter from my bro. The one that got me all so worked up...absolutely teared man. #lettersdontlie twitterurl
Still looking good!! RT twitterusername Happy 53rd birthday,Bass Man..the one and only Adam Clayton  twitterurl
At Capella Singapore.. Nice view, nice ambience.. Until they switched the music too suddenly.. Oh man.. #Alwaysfadeout ????
Imma need this man to come get this money... I'm like 2 seconds from skipping out on my check...
"twitterusername Whattt my uncle was like, "Ira, your fav. *shows an Jndian man* ""HAHAHHAHAHA MCM AKU. :P
hee, the earlier pepero kiss... so cuteeeee!! 130317 Running Man Ji Hyo and Gary Pepero Game CUT#1 twitterurl
Fuck whatever secrets you think im hidin...iont got shit to hide...man OTC FUCK YOU RIGHT NOW...ON BLOODS
Yeah man i always hear people playing marbles above my flat (12 story) at ard 11+pm to12am.
Can Singapore have a Liverpool store ? I meant, we can have big Man United store, why not Liverpool store ?
Man In Love Sungyeol teaser showing twitterusername in the kitchen... tryna be sweet hubby material? omg <3
Everybody say YEAHH was one of the besttttt. Really brought the hype and got us jumping like.. IDK MAN....
We put on a very good show just to drive away one of mum's naggy friend. Lol. Epic man.
"A man should be a hero to his wife before being a hero to anybody else" -Fireproof
Wtf man. How could my Maths tutor give me raffles institution sec 4 prelim papers? Asking me to die.
if i skip sch for three days its ok la but if four days or myb a week; oh man ??
Do u think u have lovely looking feet? ??? Nope damn big and gross like a man twitterurl
Girls r meant to be protected.. if u ever hit a girl.. dun call urself a man..
Where does one really get full privacy nowadays with everyone knowing 1 another all around. Singapore is too small man.
Happy 34th birthday Adam Noah Levine! Keep rockin and lovable! I love you the sexiest man alive! #HappyBir... [pic] ??? twitterurl
??twitterusername A man was sued for ??100,000 for making a 1 minute long "song" that is nothing but silence.???
Man, 54, nabbed for taking upskirt photos on woman, 39, at MRT - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan, 54, nabbed for taking up... twitterurl
On the verge of shouting out this while song but the air con man is here so
??twitterusername Astenn loves lishann too much man he's going on and on and on about her.??? Well done!
IDIOT MIDNIGHT LA SEE NOW WHO NO TIME! :p RT??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername sat 23rd man... Cannot for me uh.???
What the fck is going on with all those man having sex with babies or small children!? WTF
I find it damn cute when Inez does this->???  makes her look like some wise old man saying something wise.
??twitterusername Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece when she was 10-years-old on three occasions twitterurl WTSHIT???
Man rushes stage, cusses mayor: Kansas City Mayor Sly James was giving a speech when he was suddenly interrupt... twitterurl
Underaged escort scandal: Girl tells court ex-UBS man was 'memorable', didn't take her to budget hotels twitterurl
shld try listening to his rappings man RTRTRT??twitterusername Look what I just found on #SoundCloud:  twitterurl on #SoundCloud???
Wah this sorchillambam thing is such a waste of time.. wanna spend time with my cousin man
Iron Man Even Makes Getting Dressed Look Badass:        It doesn't show anywhere as much as the recent full-le... twitterurl
Bitches got beef ? Man it can't be much cause I still call her nigga and He still pick up .
It has been so long since I last watched an episode of running man ~ w/ such hectic schedules >_<
>>>>>> RT twitterusername I remember saying this to myself during SS5.. "Man, Hyukjae's crotch has so much energy" HAHAHAHA
There's an older man sitting in my cafe wearing a SS4 shirt. CAN WE BE FRIENDS? :D
Leg cramp right when I was about to close my eyes and fall asleep. Oh man, come on!
Slow search for Chile trapped miner: Rescue teams are trying to reach a man trapped 100m underground for more ... twitterurl
Marriage equality, one day. Because this is the face of the man I want to marry. He's so cute. twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Man steals luxury watches from Holland Drive pawnshop: Gold bar found after his arrest twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police have a... twitterurl #singapore
RT twitterusername Why did the man with no arms fall off his bike? Someone threw a washing machine at him.
twitterusername I WILL FREAKING LEAVE IT OFF THE WHOLE DAY MAN. Do you still have your iPhone3g covers?
twitterusername hahaha yaa high 5 .. i like a man-ly type of celeb not the sweet looking one buahahaha
Cehh :/ RT twitterusername Iphone rosak screen, rm300 burn. Samsung rosak screen, rm100 je burn. Use ur brain man.
RT twitterusername Why did the man with no arms fall off his bike? Someone threw a mattress at his face.
Steve Jobs' burglar made off with Apple co-founder's wallet: The man accused of breaking into Steve Jobs' house ... twitterurl
"But I'm not gonna date a man who doesn't have an iPhone & has an email that's not Gmail" #gallerygirls
f this shit man. in the first place why dont fucking update the serial number when taken over..
Happy 21st birthday my dear, turning 21 alreadyyy and time for NS. Old man alreadyyy, be more mature & contr twitterurl
Oh man! Hahaha RT twitterusername The awkward moment when you see younger kids with a better love life than you.
maggie talking to me on facebook and i thought it was twitterusername SHE CALLED ME MR POND MAN. SIGH.
??twitterusername twitterusername allahamdulillah. Hahahah! Aku okay okay aje. Training rabak aje.??? You're turning into a real man my son. HAHAHHA!
Man arrested for sending false emergency number messages: January 11, 2013 9:27 PMPolice on Friday afternoon, ar... twitterurl
If i were to shed the next motherfucking tear for u ugh i'd rather go for a marathon run man
Police appealing for info on missing man: Police are appealing for information on the whereabouts of Mr Mohamed ... twitterurl
A man with the longest hair is standing in front f me in the queue. So grossed out ??
Beautiful: A Beautiful Girl. An Evil Man. One Inspiring True Story of Courage By (author) Katie Piper... twitterurl
It's common sense ? RT ??twitterusername LOL even a Liverpool fan says Man It's is going to win???
Wanted buy man u win 2-0 exact score but I forgot cause I was playing ps3.... Haha
Police appeal for info on missing man Mohamed Suaimi Hassan: Police are appealing for information on the whereab... twitterurl
The biggest coward of a man is to awaken the love of a woman without the intention of loving her.\
Tomorrow match , Man United vs Liverpool , its gonan be one of a heck match again ;) eh twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Tomorrow match , Man United vs Liverpool , its gonna be one of a heck match again ;) twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Feel like watching Spirited Away again man but what is this schoolwork doing in front of me D:
Kasian sx walters diejek trus ... 'sign him up' 'man of the match' 'He scores when he wants'. Lucu ji iaa =))
If I play running man with Rui En, instead of tearing name tag, I'll tear her bra off.
Bad start! Red card Koscielny but big penalty save from Szczesny. Arsenal ten man vs City now
I'm still going to watch the match , just please don't concede more goals for man city #COYG
This giraffe is lame! RT twitterusername Lee Kwang Soo makes his New Year's resolutions on 'Running Man' twitterurl
the part that made me sad was when you said " Attention everyone, i am in like with this young man...."
Deaf Man Stabbed After Sign Language Mistaken for Gang Signs: After using sign language to communicate with a fr... twitterurl
Hey old man, remember to end your class 5mins earlier regardless of the bell working or not! Be considerate!
shoolisnpals: weedhitler: Hey man, check out my band ??Sand???. We???re post rock I swear to every God twitterurl
[UPCOMING EVENT] Ticketing prices are released for Running Man SpartaKook (Kim Jong Kook) fan me... twitterurl via twitterusername
Man to face murder charges for fatal Changi Village brawl - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan to face murder charges for fatal... twitterurl
Donecwith wgm. Gonna watch ystd's beyond after watching running man. Haha. But too tired la. Nvrm. Shall eat first.
BREAKING: "Parrot Man" Zeng Guoyuan walks out of nom hall, says he is not contesting #PunggolEast #byelection twitterurl
[CNA] PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done: SINGAPORE: Someone ... twitterurl #singapore
(CNA|sg) PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done twitterurl
Man charged for stealing 2 litres of cough syrup from Tampines clinic: A jobless worker was charged on Wednesday... twitterurl
Episode 16 is so wtf man... Zzz now waiting for maybe 19? 17-18 confirm nothing special :/
PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done - Channel NewsAsia twitterurl
Hahaha fire man lift this guy here twitterusername punye ringan. Then he firemanlift me mcm nak mati. HAHAHA!
oh this man RT twitterusername Any girls who can catch my boyfriend attention, you can have twitterurl
two man in my life is giving me a big headache. hopefully after all my talking things will go smoothly...
Photo: Running Man November and December are frustrating months for some especially for those who involve in... twitterurl
Someone ever sat on my neck before and I stand and actually walk man I'm glad I'm strong.
Lady: "Suggest a good place to date each other out " Guy: "KFC" Me: (Silently) "Good job man!"
"twitterusername Jack WILSHERE menjadi Man of The Match malam ini. Mencetak gol kemenangan lewat assist Olivier Giroud. #COYG !"
Your sex life so interesting until must become Zorro, Masked Man of Guadalajara isit? LOL FUCK. OFF.
"twitterusername Advice to myself first & my brothers: Forget finding the right woman, focus on being the right man first inshaa'Allah!"
Man I just wanna go give oomf a huge hug.! Def gunna see him before I go back to school
You are the one for me I am the man for you You were made for me
man i miss sitting down with bro every night chasing after weekly WWE Monday Night Raw episodes. twitterusername
My handles, finishing, speed all gone WTF MAN FEEL LIKE AN AHPEK WITH NO PLACE TO GO
What the fuck , you're fucking 14 man. How you know so much bout love bro.. I just don't get it.
Cuma km yg perfect buat aku hum ;) RT twitterusername Cieee??twitterusername Perfect man at the perfect (cont) twitterurl
You don't deserves to be called a man if you ever laid a finger on a woman
[FULL|720P] Running Man 129 Jonghyun, Yonghwa, Minho, Sulli, L, Lee Joon, Kwanghee (cr krisbrows04 via CNJonghyunFacts) twitterurl
Work work work. Can't wait for this week to past. In fact, this month. Life's boring man.
irl friends:some people change man/woman like changing underwear|fans: some people change bias like changing underwear
[YH!SG-FB] A Singaporean family man becomes a millionaire after choosing the right door to...: A Sing... twitterurl #singapore
wtf indian man damn drama system down he called and scolded cheryl say he's been calling since 8.30am
The Happy Boy who got Caught RT twitterusername [GIFs] Running Man: Yoo Jaesuk: "Jonghyun keeps laughing" Happy Jonghyun twitterurl
Was craving mashed potatoes yesterday, a croissant this morning, and baklava right now. Man, dieting really doesn't suit me. :/
I really need to go to bed soon. I have sch later at 8 freaking a-m man
Noooooooooooooooooo T_____T RT twitterusername Will Yoo Ah In match as Kim Tae Hee's man in 'Jang Ok Jung'? twitterurl
Australian man cleared of molesting woman: January 23, 2013 11:45 AMAn Australian was cleared today of molesting... twitterurl
You may think what I say is bullshit or I'm just acting, but sorry man. Not everyone is like you.
JUST IN: 23-year-old man arrested for making an online threat against Reform Party's Kenneth Jeyaretnam
[CNA] Man arrested for allegedly threatening RP's Jeyaretnam: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 23-ye... twitterurl #singapore
I see whats going on. Nice try man! How does it feel to be rejected multiple times?
LHL closing remarks: Vote for the best man who will represent you! Please vote for KPK and PAP!
War News Updates > Has Famine Returned To North Korea?: North Korea's New, Man-Made Famine -- Todd Crowell, Real... twitterurl
good signing? RT twitterusername Wilfried Zaha: ??I am delighted to be joining Man United??? ~ welcome lads! twitterurl
Mom and the maid screaming and laughing like siao in the living room while watching running man omg.
omg i have actually for the first time fallen for a manwhore. MANWHORE. MAN. WHORE. wtf is wrong with me.
Man stealds mobile phone from shop - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan stealds mobile phone from shopAsiaOneSINGAPORE - A 44-y... twitterurl
"The only failure a man ought to fear is failure in cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best."\
AsiaClassifiedToday: Milan agree to sign Balotelli from Man City - Yahoo! Singapore News: Yah... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
A man fuck a chicken?! Eh siala how did he sumbat his konek inside the chiken pussy/backside siaa? WTF!
The Biggest Coward Is A Man Who Awakens A Woman's Love With No Intention Of Loving Her
Shall watch running man & anime before going to sleep. Hope tmr will be better ._. I'm really bored with it..
#HeavyShoutOut To My Blood Brother twitterusername Man! Family Forever! I Swear Owe Dis Nigga My Life, Your Loy twitterurl
(ST) Man jailed for hitting 84-year-old father with prayer sword, statue and biscuit tins twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for hitting 84-year-old father with prayer sword, statue and biscuit tins twitterurl
This is so scary man. Even that kind of yelling and plate-slamming never happened at my workplace before.
The man from the car dealership called and pissed me completely off that was a waste of his carbon dioxide
KD is too funny RT ??twitterusername Just printed the lyrics out and had a f'n sing along...oh man???
Hui Xian, Steph and Ryan in front of me laughing while watching running man HAHHAHAHAH THEY DAMN CUTE OK
Waitt i miss my kakigerekss !! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername and the rest man when cn meet you alls
Photo: laughingsquid: Iron Man 3, New Poster & Trailer That Will Air During Super Bowl XLVII Waiting!!!!! twitterurl
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself"\
OTAK KAU RT twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername I cant afford a batu cincin man??? then pakai batu nisan
Stomp him stomp him!!! Lol RT twitterusername Yikes! I just saw a Chinese man peeing at void deck!!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
[INFO] Not the Running Man members departed to Vietnam, is the staff who departed to Vietnam. (via rara82hy)
Screwed my level of carelessness these two days man... ???? Freakin' spilled drinks in my bag fr 2 consecutive damn days!!! ????
Nv rlly mt such a patient man b4 lo. ?????? tink he too used to waiting for gals liao hahahahaha
Rory Byrne is back in Ferrari to design their 2014 car - the man part responsible for Schumacher's domination #F1
Talked to my auntie I knew bro wud cum up in da convo, I miss him man.!
Suspension on Man Fu Yuan, the restaurant linked to 453 food poisoning cases, has been lifted twitterurl
Just got of the phone with my love!!! Man our Friendship before Relationship is the twitterurl thats my Ace!
Chill out thats my girl if she see that she gone snap! RT twitterusername twitterusername kml u green man !
Val's day 2011 and 2012 .. this year ? I'm waiting for next flowers my man .. #valentine #valsday #ootd?? twitterurl
BEEN A YEAR MAN! MISSED THE GOOD OLD DAYS :') RT twitterusername Saw twitterusername just now :D it's been so long :')
Iron man 3, fast and furious 6, the host, hg2:catching fire, after earth, and so on and so on........
Beckham's too ridiculously hot on his new h&m adv goshhh every man wishes to be him*.*
I'm so painful all over I can hear my body screaming "AIY, MAN, AIY, KILL MEH, KILL MEH NAO!"
?? RT twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername If Singapore is this cold everyday, I'll love this country a lot man hahahaha ?????"
A strong man isn't those who can beat someone up but is those who can forgive and control their anger.
omfg RT twitterusername Onew must be like "I don't care man. Spazz about me guise. SPAZZZZ" twitterurl
Wtf is wrong with you ??twitterusername Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl
i don't even gaf for it this year man lol RT twitterusername yoooo the Grammy's are next week
#PunggolEast #ByElection I've just managed to read finished the Sunday Straits Times newspapers. 8 pages long man. Zzzzz..
Angkat! See you too abang sapau ;) twitterusername twitterusername yeah man! hope to see u around la hamsum :)
AsiaClassifiedToday WEF: Air Asia's Anthony Fernandez, Kerala biz man keen on Indian skies - ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
??twitterusername "twitterusername Omg me too!! ??twitterusername #Tbh I've never watched running man.???" Serious?! Lol??? seriouss! T_T omg lame~ haha
BREAKING: Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray, becoming the first man to win 3 Australian Open singles titles!
[CNA] Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man: SINGAPORE: The final leg of the ... twitterurl #singapore
Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man - Channel News Asia: AsiaOneEx-CNB chief's defence... twitterurl
Shit man! I forgot my helbreath acc!!!! Argh! ?????? who to accompany me now since bby is overseas?!?!
IP man 2 was awesome.. Supposed to do video check but ended up watching the whole show..
Being a young boy was carefree living man.. now have to worry about all kinds of shit.
we baked dem muffins for home ec and im not lying it actually tastes good man. okok self-praise siol.
got on the train for the first time this year. at every stop a new hustle man gets on.
Sell-man Rushdie must watching with horror truma facing Gentleman Kamal Hassan #controversy may not be good publicity
Manchester United go seven points clear as Chelsea stumble: LONDON (AFP) - Wayne Rooney&#039;s double helped Man... twitterurl
Taxi driver called me a xiaodidi. Not sure how to feel about this as a 29 year old man.
Seriously man. Destroying the good reputation of Singapore. Think we're discriminating against them when it's the company's fault :(
Thats all im gnna buy man hahahah renew passport da 70 then save pelan pelan utk iPad hehehehehehe
Mysteries never cease to exist. Morning sir QT twitterusername Man in Mumbai, credit card used in the US twitterurl
Sigh after stayin so near town u dont even feel like goin out as it takes five mins oh man
Oh yah like you guys listened when we ask you not to spam. SORRY MAN. You went too far.
He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man
that cute face and that shy smile, oh man. i haven't had crushes in quite a while, oh damn.
On valentine day i dun ask much! Can i get a free ticket to watch man utd vs real madrid???
Man arrested for stealing over $800 worth of alcoholic beverages: Police have arrested a 32-year-old Singaporean... twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man [OFFICIAL VIDEO] Cover by
Malam ni I DATANG RUMAH YOU?!!! Oh come on man, nothing hidden behind the sentence hmmmmm hahahahah
Seriously... when we went home Brian saw us then it's like awkward.. not brian is here again.. coincidence man
Lee Min Ho is so fucking pretty man seriously his leg is like a girl. Saranghae oppa hahaha x
'coz most of my guy friends are afraid of my dad. luckily someone stood up and be a man.
An unknown man with an infrared device? Just a stranger changing the public television channel with remote :)
The youngsters come here, there were so many supporters waiting for them. Barely for man united. Hahahaha.
[NEWS] ???Actor team??? to face off against ???singer team??? on ???Running Man??? for a spy special twitterurl
India executes parliament attack planner: India Saturday executed a man convicted of plotting a militant raid on... twitterurl
Ahh fuck this guys who always kena bully by icarly get to hug ariana grande! Freaking jealous man!! twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername you look like kellin quin man." I really don't... But that is a darn nice thing to say :)
Heheheheh RT twitterusername On other news, who Man City playing tonight? Sorry couldnt resist the pot shot.
I know I hate man-u but I've a feeling they'll win this. they've a really strong team! RVP omgoshness.
Man in his 40s was almost knocked down by dashing across the road without checking for traffic on the road.
SubhanaAllah. I cried when I watched the previous video. What a great man! May Allah rewards him Jannah #ameen
Thai man gets 3 years, 4 months jail for selling VCDs with segment deemed offensive to Thai royal family twitterurl
Very much beautiful RT twitterusername Have i? RT twitterusername A woman is supposed to bring the good outta her man.
Shit man didn't know that Good Friday is this Friday and I'm not working. Hais miss the double pay ??????
#lifestyle #news: Man injured with burns in Jurong shipyard fire: One vessel sank, fire put out in ... twitterurl #singapore
if only i had the perfect hair, the perfect body or even better, the perfect man you've been dreaming of.
Lee Kuan Yew The Beliefs Behind the Man By (author) Michael D. Barr - Lee Kuan Yew: The Beliefs... twitterurl
I wonder what is danica doing since she said "man anal sounds" is she doing anal ? hmmm
Manology Secrets of Your Man&#039; s Mind Revealed (Touchstone books) With Tyrese Gibson, With Run -... twitterurl
man in love is really one of my fav concepts bcs I really like to see ifnt smile
What does a rich man breathe in? ??? Haha, I'm not rich so I don't know leh...... Tell me? twitterurl
My favourite hero (Man) ; Batman. Favourite villian ; Joker. Favourite hero (Woman) ; No one in particular.... can i include ibu?
Is it me or the radio keep on playing When I Was Your Man by Bruno Mars over and over.
Shooting Reported Outside Ohio Church: Witness: Man accused of shooting dad after Easter church service was ye... twitterurl
Don't know how to maintain my 9.2 min when I take ippt, 9.6 to get gold man ??????
The Richest Man Who Ever Lived: King Solomon's Secrets to Success, Wealth, and Happiness By (author)... twitterurl
How 3D Printing Gave This Man His Life (and Face) Back:      While doctors have experimented with 3D-printed p... twitterurl
$338M Powerball Winner Due in Court: NJ man who won $338M Powerball jackpot pays about $30,000 to settle child... twitterurl
I thought me and you were down like stocking caps and waves kmsl *in my hustle man voice* #martin
[twitterurl Iron Man Speed Demon: This is my own design, not featured in any of the comics or the ... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Hong Kong man seeks $407 million from Las Vegas Sands - Straits Times: ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
do more covers pls! the one you uploaded is kinda laggy ://... ??? nah my voice suck man! twitterurl
Just another 'tough' guy wanting to act fierce when he's with a girlfriend. Aint got time for that man.
I miss my grandma crazy ass man! Ily Dee not a day go by that I don't think about u
Laghing at how much Suhaimi wants to make me jealous. OMG TOTALLY MADE MY DAY MAN THIS OINK.
After maghrib got match between Chelsea & Man United in FA Cup :) . Best wishes for chelsea :) twitterusername #respect #sportsmanship
There was a crooked man and he walked a crooked mile, he found a crooked sixpence upon a crooked stile.
Its April 5th in Singapore, happy sexy birthday to the man of style, my life and everything pharrell!?? twitterurl
Any disciplines of knowledge which deviate man from the right path of Allah SWT refers to Blameworthy knowledge. #BTQ
Black Five > Photo:  The Missing Man: The guided-missile destroyer USS Michael Murphy passes by the Missing Ma... twitterurl
QT twitterusername The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity. ???Seneca
Man jailed 7 weeks and fined for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone twitterurl
Running man hok ade Yoona je aku tengok. Why are you so comel Yoona? Why baby why?
You dont want your girlfriend to cheat on you or watever but noa youre doing it!? Cool man.....
Man jailed for hurling TV set that hit worker - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan jailed for hurling TV set that hit workerA... twitterurl
A real man gives up one night stands for a woman he cant stand one night without.
kihkihkih RT"twitterusername Nice! RT twitterusername when i was your man RT"twitterusername Apa ringtone handphone korang?""
Yeahhh the choice was all mine but I never thought that I'd be the last man standing alone~
Fucking hell man. Sent it to the fucking shop and they didn't fucking do anything and it's still fucking spoiled.
Hayley RT twitterusername the only celeb that ever forget their lyrics is demi man hahahahah not her first time
#NCDCC wah tmr AA I hope the sun won't so strong man, idw my boots to melt.
Combine Gangnam Style, Harlem Shake and Gwiyomi. You get a fat man trying to act cute for 30 seconds.\
38-year-old man helping police with investigations into hit-and-run which left acyclist in critical condition twitterurl
Wah just found out my cousin has a twitter and is related to my friends cool man
Hi iggy!Cheer up aight,don't care about what the hate... ??? Thanks man!!!! Yea thinking positive! That's the way ... twitterurl
"twitterusername I aint perfect and ive done some stupid shit. But i swear  I treat my man right."
Welbeck wanna shoot & Man City defenders are like The Shields. My god. Like not getting an ultimate force.
So slow,until u can see a man jogging right beside the bus clearly ....He even speed up
The card Syirin gave me last night was so........... Haha I'm speechless man. How can I not love her ????
man I swear to G I wish a bish would. on everything I wish the bish would tho
I told god i be back in a second. Man its so hard not to act reckless.
Kobe sold to team Man-u?! Rooney sold to Lakers?! john cena is taking over peter cech?
Dunno what's wrong w/ myself these nights; having weird dreams & waking up so suddenly.. I NEED SLEEP MAN.
Feels so freaking weary man. I'm still preparing the calcium coated food pellets.  Feels like dying asap. :-/
Samsung Galaxy simpler than iPhone, survey says twitterurl via twitterusername Forest Gump vs Rain Man! That's funny.
Mom can't use too good phone man, gratz her on her phone bill on hitting 170 bucks.
??twitterusername Guys, apologizing to your girl for a mistake you made doesn't make you any less of a man.???
"twitterusername Iron Man 3. Yes yes yes. I wanna watch that." He just iron 3 clothes. Tu pon nk tgk.
Happy for ma man twitterusername who purchased his recording stuffs today. Happy 'getting-screwed-by-cubase' bro.
applying makeup needs time right, so needa wake up abit earlier right, cant be bothered man hahahah
Man u scored but it was so quiet outside.............i went out to find  abah fast asleep LOL
For you,you should change the song title from 'when I was your man' to 'when I was your girlfriend'
I miss you too man! (; RT twitterusername Finally reunited with my long lost brotha twitterusername damn I miss you.
Denied Money, Panhandler Allegedly Lights Man, Car on Fire: The 63-year-old victim was hospitalized with third... twitterurl
and i'm quite sure i saw some running man related places/things in the gentleman video too LOL
Gapunya lg jam malam del? RT twitterusername With twitterusername Rezlie, and 2 others at Waroeng Lamongan Cak Man ??? twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername walao Di! Not cool man!??? Hahahah I'm done early I'll meet u at Starbucks aite.
Puma names former Adidas man as new CEO: German sportswear giant Puma named Bjoern Gulden, a former profession... twitterurl
Boston blasts: Video footage shows man dropping off bag with one of the bombs, FBI says no arrest yet twitterurl
Omg my x korean love me man can tell fromm the voice just now shit  I screw up
Dear Saudis: QT twitterusername "Truly, man is insolent because he sees himself in possession of riches." Koran 96:6-7
I didn't have any passing out during my NCC career as a cadet. Gonna change that man,
This is one of the symptoms we as PL HIV have, early onset of dementia. Shit, I'm only 26 man.\
I cannot man . I need my future kids to read books so that it will broaden up their creativity.
Aww man wish I was 18 once more. I miss going around being a sundal bolong hunting for men.
Talk to her man! ;) "twitterusername I have been laying my eyes on this one nursing girl at instagram. Sigh."
You guys should seriously STFU about Miley. People change things change get the fuck over it man. Gosh.
Hmm but now I think I'm rooting for Natsume because the man has cats & his own gaming company.
Here's the link to the man! Forgot to put that in the email hahaha :D twitterurl twitterusername :)
yea man this thing aint over yet. the video is gonna get done some time this holiday. #NewSlavesFreestyle
Sukakk!! ?? ??? ???????? (My Love) [In the Style of Lee Jong Hyun] [+1Key Karaoke for Man] by Groove Edition ??? twitterurl
This is not real this is not happening. youre asleep and im the man of your dream.
Wah really can't fucking wait for River Cruise man. 4th September. Time to show everyone who's heroine.
[ST] Armed man in stand off with police at Chai Chee flat detained after 5 hours twitterurl
(asiaone) Armed man in stand-off with police at Chai Chee flat detained after 5 hours twitterurl
This phone is only useful in concerts lol I would never want to hold this man twitterurl
Ben Affleck is going from Oscar gold to cape and cowl as Batman in "Man of Steel" sequel twitterurl
"Who this Mystery Buyer X who boldly bought everything that no man, woman or child wanted to buy in June"? \
??[Y!] Man assaulted for trying to stop child from urinating in Shanghai???s subway: In another subway ... twitterurl #singapore???
Unhealthy food two days in a row. Sigh. At this rate I'm turning into a ball man.
Lamborghini desk is a cheaper, slower entry into Italian sportscar ownership: For the man who has everything, ... twitterurl
L. Kavakos, Lynette Seah & Maestro Lan Shui // after an amazing concert by the man . Just so?? twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed, fined for unlawful possession of ICs: A nightclub manager was on Monday sentenced... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed one day, fined $6,000 for having a stack of Singapore ICs that did not belong to him twitterurl
Khidir ask me whether im free tomorrow to play street soccer, but im not. So sorry man.
Uruguayan man found alive after disappearing in the Andes 4 months ago survived on rats & raisins twitterurl
Sparta vs L! omg~ RT twitterusername 130908 SBS Running Man - The battle between Jong Kook and L :O twitterurl
Man I stayed all the way till people are like waking up and going to school haha
'What message is this man trying to send to the children with him?'  For more on this story: twitterurl twitterurl
What was the last thing you bought? ??? Two tin Batman pencilboxes from carousell for me and my man Sergio.... twitterurl
Timeline penuh pasal korea. Tak kisah if it was related with Running Man but instead ((Exo))b
RUNNINGMAN FANS ! Going RMfanmeet ? (: Get your LEESANG , $TRESS & IRON MAN snapback @ $16 now ! :D (view our IG) twitterurl
(asiaone) Man asked not to lean on MRT pole threatens to kill uncle if he goes to China twitterurl
Man asked not to lean on MRT pole threatens to kill uncle if he goes to China twitterurl #Singapore
I pray this old Mexican man does not drive by me this morning omfg he's fuckin scary
wa piang eh you how long sia till you forget ??? idk man prolly since we last skate twitterurl
Frank Edoho???s Ex: ??Any Man Coming Into My Life Now Is Just Coming To Suffer??? twitterurl via twitterusername
lol screw it imma getting i6/7 man. I mean obviously it'll be out by next year.
Man jailed for 3 1/2 years for cheating insurance companies with false accident claims amounting to $720,650 twitterurl
the worst September I've had omg seriously wake me up when september ends man the song is just too relatable
Man asked not to lean on MRT pole threatens to kill uncle if he goes to China\
Ever look at a young kid and whisper to yourself : "man she/he will grow up to be hot."
Running Man RACE START! Singapore Fanmeet Teaser video will be out tomorrow! Stay tuned to twitterusername ^^ twitterurl
cant wait to watch this !! RT : "twitterusername [Spoilers] Song Ji Hyo gets the princess treatment on 'Running Man' twitterurl
See this man ? Its his 20th birthday :) . Basically i cant do much for him since he's still in camp .?? twitterurl
Man I had a great weekend !!! No drama no stress jus socializing & enjoying da ppl I Love !! Needed det
Be a man , be a gentleman . Not be a coward guy that "use" a women and throw it away.
Ig Nobel Awards 2013 twitterurl Peace prize to Belarus for making public applause illegal, then arresting one-armed man
All I ever wanted to be is a one man that is able to do a task of an organization.
Have to go see doctor or else old man will thought I fake sick.seriously,I really sick u also dk.
why did everyone enjoy their stc and i didnt? how did people even enjoy stc someone tell me man
Photoset: mylttw: Running Man ep.163 Monday couple first kiss scenes. Jihyo choose Gary because that cheek... twitterurl
As the reds go marching On, On, On..!!! ?? Glory Glory Man United by Manchester United FC Soccer Songs ??? twitterurl
[Y!FB] China's second richest man was recently attacked near his home in the eastern pr...: China's... twitterurl #singapore
Man gets smaller payout over car crash: September 18, 2013 8:12 AMA Navy communications specialist who sued a ... twitterurl
At 10pm, what man utd fans DO NOT want to see are tweets that Giggs will be starting! #legend #timetocoach
I wonder how long cicak-man would last in a fight with batman. Or anyone for that matter
Ah Handel him or ill put him in his place get the fuck off my man bro #realtalk
[CNA] New rules to require employers to consider S'poreans fairly before hiring foreigners: The Man... twitterurl #singapore
wait.... so did youngbae rap about eating chilli crab, pepper crab & 'man-tous' or 'nandos'... lol! #fb
I didnt pay to wait for other people. Come on man, get this shit done and over with.
I'd be damnd this lady in laundry Matt is being rude to her man I'd slap a bitch #rudeass
??twitterusername This is going to happen again! twitterurl would happen again or more goals for man city.
Man U is playing better with cleverly in. Moyes did the right thing but could have done better
What "twitterusername Tianni.. RT twitterusername Is it gay for a man to get his anus fingered while getting head?"
??twitterusername A chinese man sued his wife for being too ugly and the Court agreed awarding him $115,000.???
:) RT twitterusername Video: Man Utd fan delivers brilliant wedding toast after marrying into family of City fans twitterurl
Dude twitterusername its not cool giving these rapist and killers of women and children a platform twitterusername . Not cool man!
......"twitterusername twitterusername man, a Molly should've been popped in that drank. A lil rape charge ain't nothing"
hahahah but slightly taller will be better hahah!!! not e... ??? Haha really? Some adults are shorter than teens man. twitterurl
American invasion damp squib for some Man Booker diehards: LONDON (Reuters) - No one but the jurors can say wh... twitterurl
Sialar all my videos can hear my ugly voice singing sia not rihanna's voice tau ah fuck man
There is 2 much police in Edmonton. Black man driving a nice car is a crime to them. Smh.
Man who knocked down 12-year-old twin boys in hit-and-run accident sentenced to 12 weeks??? jail twitterurl
"fuck everything, man" that's what my conscience said, then it bunny hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience is dead
Awesome bro!! You went for their concert? ??twitterusername HAPPIEST MAN ALIVE!!! I Sing With AMY SEARCH SIDE BY SIDE!!!???
People only get crazy about their girl or man checking their shit when they have been doing sneaky shit
The thing with Yankees fans is that they behave like Man U fans and yeah screw them all.
#lifestyle #news: Man puts pubic hair in curry to avoid payment: Surveillance cameras caught him pu... twitterurl #singapore
Man City might also confirm Manuel Pellegrini as their new manager on Monday. Some paper works left to be done.
The most stressful Friday lunch ever (: twitterusername but made my little green Man nanoblock figurine! (: x twitterurl
#18 - A good friend and has the potential to become a good footballer. See you soon man
Alright man. I'm closing lappy now and going out for my late night jogging session. Bye Bye all~ !!! xD
??twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername not you la hahaha??? HAHHAHAHAHAHA I ALSO 7 man!!!!??? GOT three 7 sia HAHAHAHHAH
So cold man forgot to cover the damn blanket before sleeping and my dad on the aircon at 18degrees ??????????? !
So true omg yongjie RT twitterusername twitterusername hahaha! I didn't see this coming from you young man
:)) "twitterusername Man City Director: "I wasn't that drunk" , Reporter: "mate, you signed 28 year old Fernandinho for ??34M.""
Usrah later on aft maghrib,and im still lying on my bed. Cannot take the pain man lah. Hais
So bored. All of them are sleeping while i'm in the classroom watching Running man on the computer.
have u ever fallen with a song.....man the song writer is awesome wanna learn from them!!!
I don't see the point of it man it's just beyond me how pointless people use "literally" in sentences.
And they just turn into something so beautiful. Rory???s the most beautiful man I???ve ever met.???\
Son's story here: Have a read! : Man, 20, slashed by cousin, friend with 'watermelon knife' twitterurl via twitterusername
Man down, where u from, n-word? F-word who you know, where u from my n-word?
signing striker Gonzalo Higuain 4 ?? record f??e of ??23m while Man Ct hav?? opened with defender.
Man Prepares To Live Like A Dog In Cage For 35 Days And Nights twitterurl via twitterusername
Snakes In A Restroom Send Israeli Man To Hospital After He Got Bit In The Manhood twitterurl via twitterusername
Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku feels his season-long loan with West Bromwich Albion has turned him "into a man".
Its a very bad idea to use a mask and watch running man?? its a big challenge hahahahah
See my humji old man. Heard sound from above like moving furniture sound. He so humji till must stick?? twitterurl
Wow . Please don't get worse . I've been sick for 3 days and I cannot take it man .
people who think fucking highly of themselves, seriously #majorturnoff man HAHA no wonder so many people dislike you
If i was a man i wanna drive a fire engine. Because everyone else will give way to me.
I hate people wasting my time. Think so free.to seat down and waste time I've so.much to do man goodness
Facing his old team, I do support Bar??a, and I do want to see my man score.
The Top 3 Reasons Startups Fail, According to a Man Paid to Save Them: Surprisingly, running out ... twitterurl #cloud_hound
Virginia Tech Student Asks Nirvana To Record A Video, Seems Unaware Kurt Cobain Is Dead ... Or A Man twitterurl
How I wish I can see you(s) real soon man! I really miss you(s) so much...
"twitterusername ??twitterusername EVERYBODY, THIS IS BEN ANG. He earned every single thing man!!!! YOU GO GUY twitterurl
I can't wait for the next Running Man episode to be aired ??? I'm waiting I'm waiting #yay
Coward,Bloody coward. Reveal your identity and be a man. Stop hating on twitterusername without showing your identity. Gosh.
[YH!SG-FB] South Korean superstar Lee Byung Hun, known for his suave, leading man looks tie...: Sou... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to vandalising war monument: A security officer on Monday pleaded guilty to... twitterurl #singapore
Not a single thank you, but a punch, a slap, a pull, a kick. Wow, thank you so much man.
S'porean man remains detained by M'sian police for allowing Buddhists to use Muslim prayer room in his resort twitterurl
Just about to face my fear then it suddenly flew and attacked me. I hate beetles man
gahh i hate it man. it's degree program everyone all grown up already we dont need all those icebreaking activities
Describe Sergio. ??? Oh man. Sergio Wen Jun Castaneda (Dude Im not sure if I spelled your last name correctly)\
[News] Man arrested for extorting nude photos from woman online: Singapore police have arrested a 19-year-old ... twitterurl
sosoan b.ing lah google tranalate ogeRT twitterusername What makes you angry? ??? when a man spoke harshly to woman. twitterurl
saying hi to someone in public so loudly and ended up being ignored is so embarassing man gosh
Wtf man ??twitterusername We just got a visit from the Red Bull's #RealSingaporeHeroes campaign team at the office! twitterurl
explaining the running man dodgeball game in real life was hard; explaining it over whatsapp is mission impossible
That's a ring for the mould. Not to put on your chest and act like you're iron man. Fucking kid!
WAH if this coming week no cca, I'll have so many study plans everywhere the world man yay
I hate it when people reupload my videos without permission thus sabotaging my view count. You are dickless cowards man.
I swear my self esteem be fucking low sia. That Sunil's chest like fucking man boobs pedasssss!
Well: Prognosis: Circumcision and AIDS: Circumcision reduces a man???s risk of acquiring and transmitting H.I.V.... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Under bright light, the Portuguese man-of-war becomes a twisting landscape of neon: When light beam... twitterurl
The new CTR is so nice man alah why come out so fast one? Lek ah Nike ??
Need to do smtg with my brows man. Cannot take it. I anyhow draw my eyebrows today -.-
Probably one reason I should visit you, soon.. RT twitterusername Former Man U players coming to Myanmar!! ;)  twitterurl
"twitterusername "twitterusername This man was kicked out of his country for being too handsome holy fuck twitterurl
"Craving for my own kids" Thats like the most rare-est thing to hear from a man :')
I haven't watched Iron man 3 too :( people trying to spoil it for me... ??? Haha go watch it then twitterurl
Tomato hair style. Man.. I think people are running out of ideas. WTF IS THIS SHIT twitterurl via twitterusername twitterurl
I suck man, take photo with Rui En's name on it but in the end my camera slanted.....
Man convicted for beating up girlfriend's children, drug offences and rioting: April 30, 2013 2:31 PMAn unempl... twitterurl
come on gals,untuk harini kita boleh cuba utk suit-up,man up&shut the hell up.
Wtf I went down the wrong side omg this is embarrassing as hell man MUST BE THE OTAH LA
??twitterusername IRON MAN WAS FUCKING AWESOME I SWEAR!???how many star do u rate for that movie?.
Saw an old couple in the train earlier. And the old man was squeezing the wife's boobs. Wow
Man that didnt pay for dinner/lunch/breakfast is really not in my list. Sangat tidak gentleman.
Done with gym. Otw to AMK for Iron Man 3 with mama abah brother and sissyinlaw!!!! Booyah!
Mum trying to be a hipster, watch iron man 3 and in 3D version somemore. DONG BUAY TIAO!
This man, I swear XD RT??twitterusername :))) RT twitterusername ADAM IS ADORABLE ... LIKING HIS OWN PIC twitterurl
Football: Manager Moyes to leave for Man Utd - Everton: Everton confirmed on Thursday that manager David??Moyes... twitterurl
Ouch man. The result of having your leg come in contact with a hot exhaust pipe. twitterurl
Greatly envy the ACC students who get to intern at Maldives. Its like a fucking holiday man.
??twitterusername twitterusername man, a free pair of beats headphones! check it out, thank me later :D twitterurl KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
[CNA] Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution: A massage parlour owner has bee... twitterurl #singapore
WTF this man in front of me just dig the nose omg wtf I am in trauma
there's this indian man that turns his fancy music on and currently working out @ the fitness corner. hahaha
Suspected measles death investigated: A death of a man is being investigated as part of the measles outbreak i... twitterurl
#Deal #Book #5: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
Me: ohhh citer Man of steel! Citer pasal boxing boxing kaan?? Syaakir: Boxing?!?!?! Itu citer Superman BODOH!!!
JUST IN: #Singapore police arrest a 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat on a website
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat - The Straits Times - Straits Times: Police arres... twitterurl
#IT #Job in #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...: Working Student (f/m): Content Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
#Books #Deal #9: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
of cenotaph war memorial vandal arrested: Police have arrested a 32 year-old Singaporean man at a building alo... twitterurl
Damn it I forgot to bring my shades out to town just now. So so regret man oh god.
What's not cool is the audi.......RT twitterusername Damn... Iron man 3 is sooo freakin cool O.O
Hutan Bandar Taman Mutiara Rini. This man proudly flying while waving PKR, DAP and PAS flags !?? twitterurl
*.* *.* *.* *melting* RT twitterusername This man was kicked out of his country for being too handsome holy fuck twitterurl
??twitterusername This man was kicked out of his country for being too handsome holy fuck twitterurl he can come sg
Move on la wey. #s4malaysia RT twitterusername Why I can't go to mention tab in tfb wtf man
its raining on a friday morning man why cant we just cancel school and everyone can SLEEP
Oh Man, This Genius Guy Created a Robot to Steal from Vending Machines:        You could use measuring tape to... twitterurl
Going to Friday prayers being me myself sleepy. Oh man, lets hope I'm able to stay awake for the khutbah
Would you go after your best friend? ??? no way man turning friendship into love is really risky hahaha... twitterurl
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Jaslyn hates ironman . WHO THE HELL HATES IRONMAN??? I only like the iron man double down burger ????? ??????
"twitterusername Iron Man 3 spoilers, stay off twitter. Berambus!" The mandarin is not mandarin..the real mandarin is aldrich killian
iron man start at 100% then turun 88%.. and lately naik balik 95%.. review from rottentomatoes.. mesti best ni..
#NowWatching Iron Man 3 3D with my gay boysss ! Muahahhahaha. That's awesome babe ! Full house yawww ! :D
Aucking fwesome Iron Man 3 with my people. Been a long time since I hanged out with them ? twitterurl
Going back now. I need a sleep man. But physics hais. So many things need to rmb.
I've not been a football fan in years but #thankyousiralex. Man U was the only football team I ever supported.
Humor! American Voices: Man Creates Functional Gun On 3D Printer: Cody Wilson, founder of the libertari... twitterurl #TNNWC
But I'm not expecting Man U to crumble. Lol SAF has drilled that winning mentality into them alr.
#lifestyle #news: Man United manager Alex Ferguson to retire: He will step down at the end of Engli... twitterurl #singapore
Still at environmental degradation......man this is tiring but I'm sure my hardwork will payoff!!!!!! Sorry emaths. Again.
Man clings onto car hood for 3km to keep hit and run woman from fleeing twitterurl twitterurl
this is so not 2pm but like whoa man the album just makes me a happy fat kid : D
Fantastic man.. RT twitterusername Check out City News reporting on CHC trial, I think it is better than CNA ... twitterurl
Playing a song by bruno mars which is "when I was your man" over and over again.
I left a girl with tears in her eyes . I must go where the brave man die ah !
I can never ever wear shorts out man I was like sitting halfway then I realise I wasn't sitting ladylike.  ???
my sorethroat worsen that if u close ur eyes and hear me sing,you'll think im a man
Nabehh! Reply the man lahhhhh! I mean soldier! >:( ??? hahaha yes bby syg luv cutiepie apple pie blueberry pie che... twitterurl
yeah man you should just open up! if you dont then whats the point of him being there for you!!!
Police looking for man to assist investigations into shop theft at convenience store: June 05, 2013 12:16 PMPo... twitterurl
Man, you gave me five minutes to get ready and you are still pavking up this is getting boring
my friend is a he. hard fan of rihanna n love to make up like her. oh man
small man still people can think he beat that guy up till bleeding. Common , what were you thinking sia
I hate when females criticize a man for calling them a bitch & use the word "nigga" in the same sentence..... ???????
Noproblem man , seeya soon ^-^ RT twitterusername Thanks cutie Nina for accompany me just now.. meet up soon (:  twitterusername
Tell me why my mom can perm her hair and I can't? This is so saddening man :(
Man it going down tonight #prettywednesday #geminiedition [LADIES] In Free Til 11:00 [ALL] GEMINI'S In?? twitterurl
Gastric. Tummy is grumbling. Oh man, i'm starving but got nothing to eat and i've already lost my appetite.
"twitterusername twitterusername Are u going tmrw?" Yes man, syiqz and i r fetching bobby @ bishan. Wbu? U cmg?
This hello Kitty craze is too much man. It's just a cat without a fking mouth. Whut.
Staying up late texting and getting those  cute good night messages >>> man did I miss these nights ???
"twitterusername "Porn for men is seeing a naked woman. Porn for women is seeing a well-dressed man.""
It's really saddening to see babies, toddlers all those innocent kids get killed due to bombings. WTF MAN!
Illuminati? ??? British Magician Is The First Man To Fly And Walk On Air (See Photos And Video) twitterurl via twitterusername
Three untitled Marvel movies are slated for release in 2016-2017 following Avengers 2 and Ant-Man: twitterurl #avengers #marvel
We are living in a world where a old man has to give his seat to a pregnant woman
[ST] Unemployed man gets three years' jail, caning for molesting daughter: June 04, 2013 1:22 PMAn ... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man sentenced 3 years' jail, caned for molesting daughter: A father of three was sentenced on... twitterurl #singapore
Seriously man. The coffee I drink coffee, the sleepy I get. Why didn't I learn from this episode!?!
My guard com using my phone charger. Hogging it man. I need to use it soon. Argh
Is really nice to talk crap and funny stuffs with him again. Hahah old days man. ^^ twitterusername
Doing sentry every single day for the past 4 months had made me into a very patient man. Hahaha.
anticipating new questions, i think i alone has asked... ??? Thanks man. Who are you? :> haha thanks for making my... twitterurl
"twitterusername Body of man in his 60s found in Kallang River twitterurl no wonder water so heavy
Wow~ Running Man EPI 148 used Byul's new song "You are the Best" in Monday  Couple scene??? ???????????? ?????????? ??????? ????????????148 ?????? ??????
BJP condemns China for being a dictatorial regime but praises Modi for his one man show. Cognitive dissonance.
"A weak mind does not accumulate force enough to hurt itself; stupidity often saves a man from going mad."\
[CNA] Four Man Utd legends in S'pore to conduct coaching clinic: Four Manchester United legends -- ... twitterurl #singapore
.twitterusername watching Running Man..! me wonder if she'll find this epi as rib-tickling funny as the flowerboy epi ^^ twitterurl
"No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge."\
"A young man who wishes to remain a sound atheist cannot be too careful of his reading."\
I'm gaining another 2kg back. Hello totally 5kg gained back. See man, I am happy being myself ha ha \\m/
A man has the power to create his future, but crashing everything single little things is within his will too.
There will always have HE in SHE, MAN in WOMAN and MALE in FEMALE. Kinda strong bond!
#839 Sup man hope you're doing well in poly and frisbee! You look like a pretty good player
Rehersal dates man. :< Catch me and my crew performing Live on the 14 July at Channel 8 ^^ twitterurl
I think I saw someone having a nosebleed while in the mosh pit. Salute that guy man.
[News] M'sian caught trying to smuggle contraband cigarettes into S'pore: A Malaysian man who tried to smuggle... twitterurl
I can't believe I'm going to dash house at this timing. Have to get my shits done man
Don't remember the last time I spent less than $10/day lol. So pathetic now man. Gosh!
Shld be Fred RT twitterusername Official: Neymar has been chosen as Man of the Match of the Confederations Cup final
INDONESIA is co-producing a tokusatsu with ISHIMORI PRODUCTIONS!!!!!! what are we doing man.. too far behind!!
Panda News: Man in Bhubaneswar stitches his wifeand#039;s private parts with needle and ... - indiatvnew... twitterurl
Bradley William Simpson is the cutest guy everrrrrr! And his vocals are just so awesomeeeeee! Im dying man. #TheVamps twitterusername
IKRRRR :(((twitterusername ??twitterusername wisdom tooth = me being cranky??? i feel you.. Coz me too!! Hate it man! -,,-"
Photo: sevenplusfour: ??It is a man suggesting that there are ???blurred lines??? when it comes to sexual consent... twitterurl
Man something has drained my motivation to study a week ago I would've cared... Now... Not so much... How ?
I don't know whether something is wrong with me, but I feel happier alone ahahha!! so peaceful man!
Packed schedule ah , work , lessons , and my own personal entertainment . Chey mcm business man gitu . But yea something like that
"twitterusername That awkward moment when your other half has bigger (man)boobs than you do" diam la tsk
I dreamt about VR Man just now so now I'm fantasising about Tavia in black leggings. Lol. Wtf.
i would want to look back, 10 years down my life thinking "man.... i got so far in life"
"You never know a man until you stand in his shoes and start walking around in them"
#lifestyle #news: Man films girls in bikini on rooftop carpark: They were sunbathing and were chase... twitterurl #singapore
Wrapped it up with Bakemonogatari. Both extremely satisfying, and exhausting. That's enough animes for the year man I'm done here.
i'm okay with a draw rather than losing to the team that beat man u previously heh
Omg haziq one of the funniest guy I know dayyum we should be homies man *no homo*
JUST IN: Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man twitterurl twitterurl
Thank you all residents for giving me a surprised party, including the man (sat down besides wheelchaired... twitterurl
S/O to my lil bruthaaaa twitterusername HAPPY BIRTHDAY lol do it big. But thank the man for another year.
how about you gtfo? cos, i'm afraid u'll dirty my life, name n everything. ew yucks man
Man Utd starting lineup: De Gea, Rafael, Evra, Vidic, Jones, Carrick, Cleverley, Januzaj, Nani, Rooney, van Persie.
[CNA] Man jailed two months for slashing wife's lover: A production worker from China who caught hi... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed two months for slashing wife's lover: A production worker from China who caught his wife cheating o... twitterurl
Listening to all the awkward sounds on the bus... English music blasting, China guy talking on the phone... WTF man
#lifestyle #news: Man claims he is SAF ex-commando in viral video: Defence Ministry sets record str... twitterurl #singapore
I swear man, give him another 5 years and januzaj will be one of the best players #somuchpotential
Man if domebody dont text me. My phone been dry as shit lately like for what. Yall really dont fwm
valris is not giving the first time editors any chance. wtf man. THEIR VIRGIN TRY RIGHT? BIG TIME BITCH.
[CNA] Two sentenced to jail for hurting man who died of his injuries: Two unemployed men were sente... twitterurl #singapore
First rule of being a man is you're gonna spend your life doing crap you don't want to do.
Hey, seniors have sex too you know :( RT twitterusername Japan man busted for arranging senior citizen sex. twitterurl
Man gets out of car and shouts at McDonald's drive-through staff until he gets his food twitterurl twitterurl
Watching Good Doctor and my dog was by my side. Lol. What a off day. #igsg #instasg #old #man twitterurl
Man stomped and punched a 4 year old girl and made her eat her own faeces twitterurl
We nearly bang by a Mercedes car, it just dashed infront of us when it is green man. twitterusername
[News] Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video: A lorry driver who side-swiped... twitterurl
Training to be soldiers.. From ah boys to men. My smart handsome army man *.* happy for you dear ???? twitterusername twitterurl
I'm Still Waiting for The Day A Man Hits Me Up To Tell Me "Get Dressed I'm Taking You Out"
??twitterusername Yo people chill man I'm alighting and you're boarding. Let me out first!!!! :'(??? Nah .. Too bad it Wont happen ..
Stop being an ass and man up. How old are you to be playing around with a girl's fragile heart?
if anyone comes across a slow/sad version of infinite's man in love, link me please!!! seems very feasible lol
Everyone gonna watch iron man tmrw. Me: I think Im gonna spend my time doing nothing. LOL.
Meanwhile.. captain obvious is trying to be iron man with his light bulb of destiny.  twitterusername twitterurl
I think my gf fell asleep while watching running man just now. Pity her she's really tired.
shit man. stopped my Korean lessons v long alr. totally no feel to continue. shoulda taken jap instead. -.-
Khai asked if I'm doing closing tonight, bcause they're testing Ironman.. but nooooooooo. I'm paying to watch my man!
This Yemeni Man Loves America, Hates Al Qaeda, and Says Drone Strikes Make Them Stronger twitterurl #photojournalism
I don't know I cannot stand running man episodes without song Ji-hyooooo its just not the same
I CANT FOCKING WAIT FOR IRON MAN 3!! Oh salah topic eh? What was it about again?
So my best friend twitterusername got to see our beautiful man twitterusername today!!! And even got a picture. <3
Ikuuuut.. jam brapa ?!.. "twitterusername ayok fer nton bareng tar :D "twitterusername Cant wait for Iron man 3 XD"
Guest blogger - William tan twitterusername  twitterurl view blogpost on the latest iron man 3 includes trailer video
Man trapped in lift for four days in an Austrian hotel survives thanks to military training twitterurl
WATCH: Quick-Thinking Cop Saves Man From Speeding Train: A sharp-witted police officer in the Colombian city o... twitterurl
Rodgers criticises FA for Suarez ban: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers accuses the FA of 'punishing the man not ... twitterurl
And a man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life!
Am I the only one who thinks there are too many major plot holes in Iron Man 3?
Fears for man-made bird flu bug created from H5N1 "bird flu" and H1N1 "swine flu" twitterurl
Cougars, sugar daddies more myth than reality: Despite the popular image of the rich older man or woman suppor... twitterurl
' you can take away my toys and tricks. but one thing you can never take away , i am iron man. '
Dude with neck spasms in from of me watching some fucking iron man anime. Seriously. What the flying fuck.
Bought mummy an Iron man soft-toy since she will be staying at the ward all alone. twitterurl
Haha lol sara "twitterusername Do not trust 100% RT twitterusername How to trust a man? Gimme some tips"
For a min, I thought this faci is good enough to let us watch finish running man.
Green Man + to appear at more crossings to help elderly to have more time to cross roads twitterurl
Before the availability of riches, Man City were relegation strugglers. With money,they are just wannabes.Not a... twitterurl
Every year he has different stuff. When he was into Thomas, everything was Thomas, then chuggington, Spider-Man, ninjago,\
MSNBC: Man accidentally saws off arm, retrieves it, drives himself to hospital where it is re... twitterurl #photojournalism
??twitterusername "Careful, A woman seeking revenge on a man does better research than the FBI."??? Ahahaha super true aye.
Lol what do I complain for?? All my friends are fucking dopeeee. Love every one of you man haha:)
US man finds $6-million lottery ticket in cookie jar twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
The airport man gave the fragile stickers to my luggages, I wish he put one in my chest too! :')
WOW RT twitterusername Yesterday, we saw a naked man walking while carrying a mattress, his dingdong dangling. The end.
Do you have any ec at RP? ??? not that I know of...ain't nobody got time for that man :/... twitterurl
I'm the wrong person, I'm a bad man.. But nobody's perfect and everybody's changing time to time
HAHAH RT twitterusername omfg i love this man RT twitterusername best in acting award goes to LEE SUNGYEOL twitterurl
Homeless US man whose face was chewed off in bizarre attack last year recovering well, doctors say twitterurl
Man haunted by trauma of sawing off woman???s hand to save her from #garmentfactory collapse in #Bangladesh twitterurl
Beside being commander in running man , Jong koon can be great singer too! Addicted to his songs .
haha quite happy man. PR teacher told me I can pursue a career in PR because I have the potential :)
Date w my man right now. Look at his pissed off face "APA NI ASEK MAIJ HP JE!!" twitterurl
Date w my man right now. Look at his pissed off face "APA NI ASEK MAIN HP AJA!!!"
Mercedes still working hard on tire issue says Hamilton: Mercedes is still working hard to resole the tire-man... twitterurl
Thats weird. The ice cream man was hiding his face , has his back toward us the whole time. Hmm
I do miss having that man around. He was the best guide to life I ever had.
Man twitterusername be havin da coolest names fa his songs.. N really be talkin real inspirational shit ??
Wahlao, so many booking for Iron Man 3. I will cry if i cannot watch on Thursday :'(
The 5 most expensive jersey sponsorships in European soccer. Man U lead with 7 year $559m deal with Chevrolet twitterurl
I'll marry a delivery man wtf i want cupcakes I've been craving for it since idk when
Well even though Van Persie is the hot topic. Do not forget about Ryan Giggs. This old man can play!!
Every time you see me, what do you see? I feel like I'm the poor man and you're the queen
When my music on shuffle & play bro songs I get sad, GOD I miss that man.! Rip John
[ST] Motorist charged with causing biker's death and injuring pillion: April 23, 2013 11:56 AMA man... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged in court on Tues with causing the death of a motorcyclist by dangerous driving, injuring pillion rider. twitterurl
Lucky Iron Man fans in the UK get to try on his Mark 42 armour             twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Spurs' three goals were separated by six minutes and 22 seconds. Tottenham 3-1 Man City. #TOTMCI"
"What makes you a man is not the abilty to make a child, but the courage to raise one."
Listening and seeing people who have watched iron man 3, makes me feel so outdated and left behind.
Cenotaph vandalism: Accused remanded for psychiatric evaluation: May 02, 2013 3:38 PMThe man accused of vandal... twitterurl
[ST] Cenotaph vandalism: Accused remanded for psychiatric evaluation: May 02, 2013 3:38 PMThe man a... twitterurl #singapore
Guess the referee treated Man United & Real Madrid are the same uh guys. But its okay, better luck next time. :)
48-year-old arrested for stealing bicycles and golf bags from condominium: A man suspected to be responsible f... twitterurl
Shall watch the latest episode of running man before I hit the sack and call it a day!
I'm maybe not you type or dream man  but that doesn't meant you have to treat me like that .
First time working out again after ... 5 months HAHAHA oh man I am terrible ?? Off for a swim now!
??Iron Man 3??? takes global box offices by storm, expected to blast off US blockbuster season twitterurl
Iron Man 3 with twitterusername Xuan Hao, Merlin, Le En and Jing Herng :D (@ Shaw Theatres - twitterusername twitterurl
You just take them as you please and leave them when you dont need them. What is your problem man.
I have been everywhere man looking for someone, someone who can please me love me all night all.
lumia's system is smoother i really like it but s4 is the real smartphone i tell u, man
#sonyxperiaz Virgin drop by mother fucking twitterusername . Fuck you man, did the same shit with my s2.  #love
Man I leave in a few hours and mom still on the phone... I'm making more tea
"twitterusername Long dist relationships, how can ppl even take it man so strong"  15 min mrt journey already menyeksa. Hais.
Accompanying Gran to watch Iron Man 3 on Monday else she'll be watchin it alone... YAY #goodgirl
Man I love Kai so damn much! Not the one from exo, but the one from Ellen Show!
Oh and wigan won the fa cup:) how does it feel to not win trophies man city?^^
Man approaches lead singer of Paramore, Hayley Williams, with a guitar and kills it. twitterurl via twitterusername
Mdm Suzy leaving  :( gonna miss her man.  See her talking and holding back her tears is.like....  ?????? twitterurl
A young man has become the first person to die of dengue in the current epidemic in Singapore twitterurl
crazy asshole came to sch wearing bermudas and man u jacket wtf in the bloody lecture room
AsiaClassifiedToday Police nabbed four women and a man arrested at an illegal gambling den ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
if there's one man that can make me laugh like a little baby, it's Will Smith. Haha.
next time im so bend on going anywhere, I'm just going to book ahead man. cannot believe myself.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
a man only gone treat you how you allow him to treat you , you get what you settle for
Fansite banners up at Jurong Point to show their support for the Running Man members #RunningManInSG twitterurl
LOL, it's just previews.. don't give a "review" like you have heard the whole thing man.. seriously,,
I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Running Man "Race Start" in Singapore Press Conference" twitterurl
One reason why running man never come singapore for game, the whole singapore will be chasing them. #RunningManinSG
"twitterusername There is a Running Man in town ah? How many kilometres he running?" 42km ahh mrbrown
I don't want to see pictures or videos of running man in SG cause tak nak rasa jealous
T.T, if I have follow the channel, properly I can meet them at jurong point for autograph . Running Man!
I WANNA WATCH"twitterusername insidious 2 full of surprise scares man, this trick is getting old already #stillgotshocktho"
Man stuck in waist-deep water after falling into hole at Bt Batok upgrading site twitterurl twitterurl
Man the rain is like some Russio Jqpqnese War with nucleur attacks going on bam bomb bam
LITERALLY HYPERVENTILATING IN NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE AFTER RECEIVING A REPLY FROM twitterusername !! SO HAPPY!! Can't wait to see you man!!
on the last episode of season 2, what happened to doing op and packing the room man
I knew Loki isn't dead yet when a man talked to the king because I know my baby's eyes bye
[TheVerge] Hans Zimmer enlists Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr, Pharrell for 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' soundtrack: Prolific composer Hans Z...
Early morning in the train and there are over 20+ china man sitting in the train. Damn u china people!
Depressed single man cuts off his own penis because it's no use to him twitterurl via twitterusername
Saudi Arabia frees man jailed for Mohammad tweets: sources: RIYADH (Reuters) - A Saudi blogger was freed on Tu... twitterurl
Their leader is a half vampire.Nuff said.And Man-Thing could kick The Hulk's ass anytime!#UltimateSpiderman #Marvel #TheHowlingCommandos
??twitterusername twitterusername nothing bro just been chilling hbu??? Gettin back on the right track man, making some happen
??twitterusername Bitches smoking wet n having 3sum now lol off the shits fr fr??? ma ma man gone lol
[COVERAGE] Monday couple shares about their kiss at the Running Man "Race Start" fan meeting press conference in... twitterurl
#6177 fuhhh abg chokbak and muscle man!!!!! Stay handsome!!!!! Can buy me vamilla ice cream plz? XD
LOL! ??Fans faint, mall exits blocked as thousands throng Jurong Point for Running Man event twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername Former SHM man twitterusername shoots up 19 places to no.38. Big up! #Top100DJs??? wtf is this shit
Watching Chopped on foodnetwork and one of the ingredients is black chicken. Aww man i love black chicken xD
Throngs of Fans Turn Up at Running Man???s Autograph Session in Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Suk Jin's most unforgettable memory here is the cheers by fans together for the Running Man members! #RunningManinSG
Running Man in Singapore; Chaotic situation at Terminal 3 Arrival, Coach stand twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
but really though. how can man u's standard drop so fking adversely just becAuse sir alex left????
[CNA] Cleaner who attacked three men jailed, caned: A man who attacked three others outside a cinep... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man gets 5 years' corrective training for stabbing fellow ex-inmate: A former delivery assistant who st... twitterurl
Arsenal against Liverpool = Very peaceful fans. Man utd against Liverpool/Arsenal/Chelsea = Fans arguing here and there
"twitterusername Huge result for Manchester United. Finally gives them some breathing space above the relegation zone."fk off Man U
As the reds go marching On, On, On..!! ?? Glory Glory Man United by The World Red Army ??? twitterurl
FT: MAN UTD 3-1 FULHAM. Dissapointing second half. Should have scored one more goal or get a clean sheet.
this is one of those rare occasions where my love is for an actual IRL man. PROJECTILE VOM
*kick twitterusername butt* serious old man u are a pain ...but I still can not leave u alone ...
[TRE] Our CPF system is killing the average man!: Some time back, good buddy Lawrence Chong reveale... twitterurl #singapore
Seth Meyers from Saturday Night Live is the man I hope to marry one day.... or Jimmy Fallon.
Man jailed for impregnating 2 minors and asking them to eat pineapple to have a miscarriage twitterurl
i too kiasu already until im alr on standby since 11.58 LOL, for the sake of my future man
My brother asked me to accompany him tmrw fr the running man fan meeting buttttt...... Im tooooo tired alreadyyyy
And what I say is, that I'm just trying to do the right thing,to be a better man.
I am always here. Rest well okay. Sleep early tonight also ??? I will man. feeling so unwell noww. twitterurl
Really don't wanna leave my bed and just continue sleeping man the thought of ss paper is fucking killing me
CNA reports that the police have arrested a 47-year-old man involved in the "spitting incident" at Woodlands... twitterurl
did anybody else watch the video of the mexican man cutting his wife head off cause she cheated ?
:) RT twitterusername "A man cannot love you more than God loves you right now. Just keep that in mind."
When the rich rob the poor it's called business, when the poor fight back its called violence - Wise man
my dream is to migrate to London, Manchester when I grow up. Singapore is getting worse man. #justsaying
Aiyoh water margin so many heroes die, I don't want see the last episode le man super sad
Yep??twitterusername I have an incredibly strong personality it takes a special kind of man to handle me???
need my portable charger to arrive asap man. phone always died when I'm omw home from work... zzz
Was sitting at reserve seat and didn't notice an elderly infront of me hahahaha sorry old man.
Man u better gimme $$ this week , if not my all about shinhwa jiu doom cnt pay on time ~
If a man wants you,nothing can keep him away.If he doesn???t want you,nothing can make him stay.
I got to work hard on my damn producing man... ahahha~ now my mixtapes are perfection AHHAHAHAHAHHA :)
Man blocks ramp for the disabled for over an hour -- to wash and wax his car twitterurl
Man caught taking photos of girl on train -- and he doesn't just stop at 5 twitterurl twitterurl
FOUND: Body of Singaporean man, Goh Chuan Kiet, who went missing in waters off Changi on Sunday found
[CNA] Body of missing windsurfer found: The body of the Singaporean man who went missing in waters ... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man jailed for molesting nine-year-old boy: A cleaner who molested his nine-year-old neighbou... twitterurl #singapore
Man, I fucked your girl. Damn! How dare you! No. I'm just showing my middle finger to her.
Man United, Real Madrid, Paris-Saint Germain, Bayern Munich, Chelsea, Arsenal, Atletico Madrid & FC Barcelona cruising to Round of 16!
Man snaps multiple photos of woman on train but doesn't realise his own picture is being taken twitterurl twitterurl
Wow man you kissed a girl. Does your girlfriend even know this ??? Hahahaha asal? cousin cousin nothing wrong what? twitterurl
look at the cassies man we're excited over 3 seconds of a member crying but IABAIWHWSBQJ THAT WAS THE MOMENT
What do you think when you look in the mirror? ??? I see a boy in a man. twitterurl
ive come to conclude that this 'Sharkeisha' girl is actually...... a man. twitterurl <-- such a sick thing to do sia
Man snaps photos of woman on train -- but doesn't realise his own picture is being taken twitterurl twitterurl
AM I YOUR BEST FRIEND NOW DARREN? geez what a way to friendzone me man twitterusername twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Asia's Richest Man Sees Rise of New Mobile Operating System - Wall S... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Of course I love my man being around with me sometimes. I love to help him to carry his wallet!
Student was shot in the thigh and another man was shot in the back at Thai protests twitterurl #Thailand
I really want to live in Korea for a year man. After my Korean teacher said about it.
[TheVerge] From 'Pac-Man' to spreadsheets: digging into the Historical Software Collection: Earlier this week, the Internet Archive a...
Man. Moving to ATL might be clutch.....mansions for the same price of my current house. .hmmm
ctheguitarman: transtonks: nah man just imagine Tonks during her years at Hogwarts making herself look like... twitterurl
After half a day of pigging i think its time to start on chinese hahaha leggo man
How can a girl not have makeup Erm why would you need it anyway man you're a guy hahaha
Man jailed for threatening and hurting wife: October 28, 2013 12:11 PMA lorry driver who threatened and assaul... twitterurl
Man found dead at the foot of Boon Lay block as fire raged in his unit twitterurl #Singapore
You were looking rather delish young man... Yummy. Lol RT twitterusername twitterusername was great seeing you last night ;)))
Man in Taiwan charged for trying to send projectiles to PM twitterusername and several Taiwanese leaders twitterurl
Lol what is Running Man when all the members are out and all's left are the guests.
This Recently Married Man Just Realized Marriage Is Not For Him. You Have To Read What He Wrote. twitterurl
[TRE] Projectiles meant for Prime Minister Lee intercepted: A man in Taiwan has been been arrested ... twitterurl #singapore
last day of the semester I'm punching military man in the face I hate you so much
I know I'm gonna regret saying this when I graduate but, man, I fucking hate studying for exams.
Man gets out of car to shout at McDonald's staff until he gets his food twitterurl twitterurl
Man gets 6 years corrective training, to be caned 6 times for offences including slashing a person???s face twitterurl
Football: Retired Man U star Paul Scholes still stuns with trademark long-range goal. WATCH: twitterurl twitterurl
[News] Court denies bail for alleged ??Messiah??? hacker: The man accused of compromising a town council's websit... twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014
Cool man, we are not paid to tweet. Don't be so stressed out how to tweet "glamourous setaaail"
"twitterusername twitterusername HAPPY BIRTHDAY BROTHER! HAHA. MEET YOU SOON. TAKE CARE MAN :)" ty bro! See u soon, miss ya cuzz!
dont mind abt the ig question man, its your ig, so why is it their problem? ??? Hahaha oh well twitterurl
The man behind my clothes. :) the 2nd boyfriend and my lao da! #femmex #fleshimp #xfemmex #xbyfemmex?? twitterurl
One Time For My Manager twitterusername Man! We Got Some Stuff In The Works! #WORKIN #$AMEPAGE #DCMG
Schweini injured and they played him. His ankle is gone for the rest of the season WTF man
Bitches get what bitches deserve man #Fairness RT twitterusername twitterusername Thats damn harsh, your old self is damn harsh. #hurtinmyheart
A man may love his girlfriend for a month, his wife for a year. But his mother forever!
Well same goes to you sissy! Speedy Recovery:* "twitterusername Gws to my man. He's nt feeling well ???"
Man I felt like I was about to get sick while From just being in the hospital smh
Man can I just ride my non existing bf's bike and listen to sweater weather at night
A man is suppose to be able to support a women. Thats all I got to say.
Respect. 92 Year-Old Man Shields Girl With His Body as a Horse Tramples Them - Heroic Video twitterurl
Anyone else misses the old Singapore when this man was setting the rules? twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Man detained for setting off bombs in front of provincial Communist Party HQ in northern Chinese city twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername yess. ...101 % rite....ugly man....#BB7??? ??? yeah! I just dont like him at all!!! So annoying men!
AWESOME MT twitterusername Looks like SIA is shrinking its planes... Giant Model Airplane Weighs As Much As Grown Man twitterurl
??twitterusername ??twitterusername #IfWeDate U have to be a man united fan too!!!!!!??? Ah baru nak tweet! THIS??? GGMU!!!
There was this irritating old man , who kept complaining my music sucks. He danced at the end
TIME LightBox > All the Queens Men: Photographing a Man???s World in NYC???s Outer Borough twitterurl #photojournalism
Previous RT for girls who want a man like that like this like that hey no one is perfect
Just feel like having a nap now but I have to wait for the delivery man to come :/
The story of Lee Tee Tong, the man who won the 1963 election of Bukit Timah twitterurl
The story of Lee Tee Tong, the man who won the 1963 election of Bukit Timah twitterurl via twitterusername
Man accused of being the hacker who calls himself 'The Messiah' claiming trial: Lawyer: November 15, 2013 12:2... twitterurl
man. my bro would have a parent meeting today. *tags along w my pops* to this bulllllshit.
[News] Police appeal for information on Canberra Road armed robbery: Police are looking for a man to assist wi... twitterurl
India should be grateful to Sonia Gandhi for serving India well and patriotically. Modi is ungrateful man. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Right! Its obvious I'm not doing fine. The major errors in my tweets. Oohhh man! ( Malu sia!)
Urgh all the great movies Zac Efron is in is coming out when im totally broke man urgh
u dont simply give hope and just leave someone hanging man go bury yourself in the deepest pit of hell
Alright man, I've received a response from that employer informing me to wait for their emails about the interview thingy.
On BD I'm tired of y'all doing that shit bro not y I'm by dese niggas man lol
No meepok man here. But got kopi uncle. And totally rustic cuppa teh. @ Hua Bee Restaurant twitterurl
Watch out for your drinks! ??Ang Mo Kio hawker arrested for slashing man with chopper twitterurl twitterurl
lol I'm not man "twitterusername So stop cheating on him "twitterusername He thinks I'm cheating on him smh"???
and dragging in jaeji who has nothing to do with this and like wtf man grow up
Good to see Vietnam media going upmarket MT twitterusername Man narrowly escapes death from putting squash into anus twitterurl
(sna) VIDEO: Illegally parked Mitsubishi car (SJJ5067D) blocks road in Tampines, man taunt bus driver "I got car,... twitterurl
"twitterusername In 2007, a man from West Scotland was arrested for having sex with his bike in a hotel room."\
Thanks Amirah! ??twitterusername twitterusername Happy Birthday Ammar! Have a blast and god bless you, happy sweet 16 man! Hehe ??????
I ogle at this man like a beautiful piece of art RT twitterusername 2014 Lotte Calendar - KYUHYUN [passion] twitterurl
Idk man, seriously pissed off that I keep losing my things when I need it the most.
War News Updates > Expect U.S. Special Forces To Use ???Iron Man??? Suits By 2018: Adm. McRaven: Expect Special Fo... twitterurl
War News Updates > It Pays To Be A Corrupt African General: The 750 Million Dollar Man -- Michael Weiss, Forei... twitterurl
Penang man turns mum's house into tourist attraction so people will visit her twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
I have plenty of running man shows in my phone . Hopefully it can last me till saturday .
I do not understand that man. Submission is over and you still want us to come for lecture tmrw..
nanti lah cerita cause rn im left with confusion after watching bsg. man that story is good.
i can look at the man playing the piano all day and forget everything for a while twitterusername  twitterurl
Whoa they were serious about the whatsapp charges. Fuck man, im starting to dislike everything around me right now.
That schwag ain't that bad, man. As long as it makes me high, then I'm good. Lol
34yr old man fined for attacking 15yr old after losing to him in an arcade game twitterurl
Walking dead either tomorrow or Monday. Followed by Intelligence and running man. Can't wait for Monday to be over!
When ur high school sweetheart remembers that its ur birthday 2mrw... Aaaah man :). I know great ppl shem. ???
Im stuck with this avatar bcs Onew look so pretty like a girl. And the twist is he's a man
[News] Man accused of kidnapping supermarket boss' mother deemed fit to make plea: One of the two men accused ... twitterurl
Elderly man in Bukit Timah asks youths to pay for his cab fare -- then pockets the money for himself twitterurl
??twitterusername I know man smh they just be bullying yo ??twitterusername Gucci Mane never hurt nobody fam??????
if a man slides up on me smelling like gucci guilty me black we go together by default
Nice start today man. Took cab all the way till orchard central and realised I forgot my wallet....
You're dating with my man ahaks go ahead  *grab a popcorn**watch the game play on me*
Met this nigga since school ended early at Changi Airport. Have a safe flight man! See ya on Sunday!?? twitterurl
THIS MAN gave me creeps. His eyebrows are so unbelievably thick. Idw you in my dreams giving me advices please.
AsiaClassifiedToday: LA man denies he's the creator of Bitcoin, goes into hiding - Pittsbur... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Lucky uncle taxi stop meter halfway, give me discount. You my man, is my nigga my nigga
Kesian Presiden PKR..bagi dia retirelah twitterusername and twitterusername shd now go for Presiden PKR, let the best man wins,
3 years ago, I was waiting for my admission into SP.  Today, I graduated. Time waits for no man lo.
I've this one thing for people who can sing or play musical instruments man cnblue is perfect for this ?????
Thank you twitterusername . Mmg terbaikkk,geremmmmmm je hahaha. See u next time man,all the best. Support since 2007! twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Man arrested for dashing through Woodlands checkpoint: He drove a gold Mercedes B... twitterurl #singapore
Any boy who calls a girl a b*tch is not a man/boy! Simple as that.
Dear facial hair, please grow with haste. Tryin'a look like a man with beard not hobo #whereisthelove
pas lawan chelsea dia bagus :)) "twitterusername Howard Webb on a one man crusade to ruin our season."
Man with well-crafted lies cheats tourist into helping him pay baggage fee at Thai airport twitterurl twitterurl
#LittleIndiaRiot: 2nd man jailed 15 weeks for failing to disperse when the police ordered him to do twitterurl
Every man has a satan who misleads him towards sins and misdeeds like craving, abuse, skipping prayers, back biting, etc.
I wonder who is following the live blog by twitterusername Don't understand what they talking about man. twitterurl
There's this young man who ring my doorbell and my neighbour's what is he trying to do lol
What the use of having money if it can not give u a glimpse of the man u love
Appeal for information on missing man: Police are appealing for information on the whereabouts of 32-year-old ... twitterurl
I need to finish More Than This by today and start reading a new book tomorrow man.
"How's it hangin?" Said the man who saw a girl hanging with a wire on her neck oozing with blood.
WHO IS SHERYL MAN?:o ??? my dear Sheryl only you will use ":o" HAHAHAHAHA OMG YOU AH twitterurl
man, im fucking tired of always having to go through the same shit day in day out
He who makes a beast out of himself, get rids of the pain of being a man
Man threatens to kill anyone who gets in the way of his 'marriage' with Taylor Swift twitterurl twitterurl
Reflections after seeing a 45 year old man collapse in front of me at 2XU Compression Run twitterurl
Get your facts right before you confront me, I know this shit well you can't goreng me man
Man who said he kissed nurse in Times Square photo dies at 86 twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Police appeal for Information for loanshark harassment case: SINGAPORE - Police are looking for a man to assis... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Man with stolen passport on jet is asylum seeker - Boston Herald: Bost... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
To the best Dad that a son & children could ever wish for. The man that will sacrifice anything &?? twitterurl
Ur parents approve foreign boyfriend? ??? Yep but my mum wants me marrying a chinese/partially chinese man lol twitterurl
"twitterusername I dont trust a man easily . I dont know . I just fedup . Honestly , hate" relax kakak :)
[CNA] Man jailed for smuggling puppies into Singapore: The 43 puppies were found in a Malaysia-regi... twitterurl #singapore
Man whenever Caine and Darius come along I dunno if I'm writing a subplot on friendship or a gay porno
[ST] Spitting case: Accused says he was provoked: March 19, 2014 8:40 AMThe man accused of spitting... twitterurl #singapore
Man in alleged spitting incident claims one of the women called him "stupid", insulted his mum twitterurl twitterurl
Police investigating man who lodged false report to cover up for loss of work permit twitterurl #Singapore
??twitterusername In this rainy weather, the #Singapore Buses with their air con will be freezing ????????? man up banana boy
Don't worry I will. :p ohyea we need to meetup soon man HAHA. RT twitterusername twitterusername take care! (:
While Man Utd fans getting angsty/disappointed about the match, I'm more concern about my lack of (cont) twitterurl
Liverpool smashed Manchester United 3 - 0. Too easy. Arsenal, Everton, down, bring on Man City, Chelsea & Spurs! #YNWA twitterusername
[News] Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial: In court on Monday, 48-year-old Juraimi ... twitterurl
My Brother twitterusername Had One Of The Realist Conversations Wit Me Yesterday Man! I Appreciate Chu For Dat! 1HUNNIT #DCMG
Bryson the only one that can Cheer me up lol I love my nephew I swear man
Putting Pretty Man and Blade and Petal in the same sentence is a blasphemy in and of itself though.
Sultry actress marries man 11 years younger in Malaysia's most expensive wedding of the year twitterurl twitterurl
Can't wait for Asking Alexandria to come man. I hope I have the money in time to buy the tix.
"twitterusername guys don't realize that while they're ignoring their girl there's another man who's giving her all his attention."
This man was spotted with two swords on the MRT at Dhoby Ghaut today. Did you see him? twitterurl
A mystery man has been leaving "Tips for Jesus" of up to S$12,500 at eateries across the US twitterurl
[News] ???Samurai??? on MRT train detained after scaring passengers: A man togged in what appeared to be samurai g... twitterurl
Whaat. Macklemore going to malaysia next year for concert but not coming to singapore :( what is this man.
Another man arrested for #LittleIndiaRiot, he'll be the 35th person to be charged in connection with the riot in #Singapore
Patricia Mok opens up on why she's still single -- and it's not because she can't get a man twitterurl twitterurl
Man United rejected Palace offer to loan Zaha. Because of Cardiff then I guess? Or not at all?
How da hell can man city got equalised when theyre leading 2-0 since the end of first half.
Fuck man just realised tmr is the open house haha cb confirm no place to sit during break already :( sianz
Ringan kerja si isteri ! Oh bahagianya ! RT twitterusername Thats is why man is a better cook compare ti women..
Man when I get between the ages 22 and 26 I don't want to be single waiting on love...
[ST] Choa Chu Kang Murder: Second man charged and remanded for further investigations: January 10, ... twitterurl #singapore
JUST IN: Police investigate 22-year-old man for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks under "Heather Chua" account
[CNA] Man gets detention for filming policewoman in toilet: A contractor hired to lay phone line ca... twitterurl #singapore
Chinese man who aided senior citizen, only to be accused of knocking him down, commits suicide twitterurl
Oh my"twitterusername A man at an Airport farting gets caught on a thermal imaging camera. twitterurl
Man in #China detained in connection with a dead tiger found in the back of an SUV (Pic:Weibo) twitterurl twitterurl
that girl in 2nb who just transferred is so pretty her face like fucking flawless man no pimples sia
Watching the Running Man Eating Jumanji Race now is a wrong time, all the food is making me hungry
still can't accept the fact that all my pictures and videos i took are gone. fucking sakit hati man :'(
[News] Fine & driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4: A driver who reversed his Mercede... twitterurl
[CNA] Fine & driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4: A driver who reversed h... twitterurl #singapore
It's enlightens my heart whenever I see the man showing his concern towards me. Like nawwwwww hehehehehe
"If Pac-Man had affected us as kids, we'd all be running around in dark rooms, munching pills and?? twitterurl
Search for man who fell overboard from Singapore-flagged passenger ferry: January 17, 2014 12:45 AMA search wa... twitterurl
[ST] Search for man who fell overboard from Singapore-flagged passenger ferry: January 17, 2014 12:... twitterurl #singapore
Search and rescue operation underway after man falls overboard near Kusu Island: The Maritime and Port Authori... twitterurl
seeing Pele & Ronaldo cried on the same night...real man does cry. tears of proud moment! #BallondOr2013
Meeting the man later on.....so yeah guess I've to sleep now. Or else later my eyes like panda eyes.
This is the only time I didn't hate the player opposite twitterusername Well-deserved, twitterusername Amazing tennis, amazing man. #AusOpen
Probably the only men's grooming kit any grown man will ever need. You will need a set. #Gillette twitterurl
Although got former 2 time Player of the year Chelsea midfield who plays in Man United, STILL not interested.
so just watched the latest ep of running man, you just gotta have to miss that tag ripping game!
The latest episode of running man is fucking awesome!! It's been awhile since they rip each other's name tags off
what do you want for your birthday? ??? Idk man/: got some stuff in mind but it's too expensive. twitterurl
??twitterusername Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via twitterurl batak follower la man :)
I'm a guy that wears thongs & I'm just wondering what girls think about man thongs? ??? lame twitterurl
My #MCM goes to this handsome young man right here #yes #lord #memphitz #gotta #love #him twitterurl
And the best filter for any man looking to get away from the good girls who "don't date smokers".
Oh gosh, I've finally finished writing one page of the thesis writing for the #InfoSecurityTechnology's project/assignment. I'm drained man.
Zombie la wahlao have to squeeze on the train with killer aunties and grumpy uncles gg man quit life
Man lies on ground in plain sight at Woodlands HDB -- to take selfie with stray cat twitterurl twitterurl
I think my next man will be a white one these black men ain ackn right now a days frfr.
"twitterusername The man who voices Spongebob Squarepants is married to the woman who voices Plankton's computer wife Karen."
aint nothing like a man that sees what you're supposed to see when you look in a mirror...
This season is the season where every club breaks its record of defeating Man United in th past
An injured elderly man found unconscious near the tracks was not hit by a train, says twitterusername twitterurl
My dudes from twitterusername just releasing new MV " CITY OF GOLD" produce by the most talented man?? twitterurl
Malaysian court sentences man to 12 years in jail for raping a 12-year-old whom he later married. twitterurl
Gary and Song Ji Hyo Are a Match Made In Heaven According to Fortune Teller on ??Running Man??? | Soompi: twitterurl
whoever is playing flappy bird needs to turn their damn sounds off Idw to hear that shit man c'mon
i dreamt of flying but not having enough super powers to fly. what the hell is happening man?!
[TRE] SMRT: Who???s watching who?: An injured elderly man was found unconscious close to the elevated... twitterurl #singapore
Good news to Aussie Runners! Running Man will be heading to Australia in mid-February to film! (cr. twitterusername
Officials 'gave up' figuring out how long castaway spent adrift: How long did Jose Salvador Alvarenga, the man... twitterurl
Now that I have finished watching Ep 175 of Running Man, I can go to sleep in peace.
MEET YOU IN 2 DAYS TIME!!! ??? thursday? im not leaving my bed on a goddamn thursday man. twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername Al fatiha , its ok. Youre in heaven rn young hero . twitterurl a fallen hero. Salute my man.
#LittleIndiaRiot: Deceased man involved in fatal accident was drunk and causing a nuisance when he boarded bus twitterurl
and also remember how one of my first not-boy-but-man penis sightings is pete's lil pete
(yahoo) You won???t believe what this creepy man is doing in Beijing???s MRT trains twitterurl
"One trophy with Fiorentina worth 10 throphies with Milan or Juventus." What a man with his big heart.
Your fucking man sacrifice their fucking lives to control these animals. All fucking because you want to save cost. #sgriot
man city damn lucky not to concede!! rodriguez skips through the defence, saved by pantilimon, but osvaldo skies the rebound
You changed alot man , your looks especially . ??? I shall take that as a compliment. Thank you twitterurl
They must be real eager - especially those who have served so many years without such action." oh man. true.
I just died! Lol RT twitterusername I'm man one of the bruhz just sent me this! Lmfaooo! twitterurl
i should be looking for my outfit for infitah's steamboat birthday party. man i am so lazy.
Case of #decapitated body: 25-year-old man arrested; Another sought by police twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
ur dad company makes alot of $$$ you guys must be damn rich. ??? cus my dad is a hardworking man. :') twitterurl
If got 400bucks fall down from the sky I know wad exactly to do with it man
Man, that twitterusername vs twitterusername match is classic on #RAW, but end up spoilt as Orton Lowblow Bryan.
I swear , it doesn't matter where I go , there's always an old man trynna be my sugar daddy !
[News] Man charged with Yishun murder; brothel operator jailed: 46-year-old P Mageswaran??has been charged with... twitterurl
Hii smelly bois~ man 2 yrs down the road, i will be standing there~ can't wait! ^~^ twitterurl
"You know, when a man is raped you never hear about what he was wearing." - George Takei twitterurl
"twitterusername Jos?? Mourinho is confident of signing Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney. (Daily Telegraph)"oooo bad news for man utd
??Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man - who has no gills.???\
Masih pagi~ so i'm not moving i'm not moving~~~ ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername (at Dheviya's) ??? twitterurl
never mind there is a creepy older man manipulating her. if you have sex ur out of school.
you got soul,you got class,you got style and there is no other man than you
Man continous charging handphone at Boon Lay MRT station, oblivious to stares of paseers-by twitterurl twitterurl
My toe barely healed... and I got stepped on at the same spot by a really large man. T______________T
[CNA] Man found guilty of bribing SCDF officer: A businessman was convicted of bribing a Singapore ... twitterurl #singapore
They get mad af lol ??twitterusername Niggas really unfollow you if you don't @ them back? I swear y'all gay man.???
"Playing favorites"when I lived out west. Oh man. So many memories. I love BOATS as well. twitterusername
Trying to excuse snogging with another man as 'having fun' just shows how morally bereft you are, Sally Bercow!
Omg if that was the old Do Eunchang...u be a dead man....huhuhuhu what happen in the past years!!!!
Man pushes trolley down busy street at Admiralty, and keeps to turning lane at intersection twitterurl twitterurl
[News] Man jailed nine months for using sledgehammer to hit friend: A container truck driver was on Friday jai... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed nine months for using sledgehammer to hit friend: A container truck driver was on ... twitterurl #singapore
Help man locate birth mum who gave him away during the 60s due to financial difficulties twitterurl twitterurl
Heavyweight man beats up much smaller guy at Jurong East: SINGAPORE - A skinny guy was spotted fighting with a... twitterurl
The Man Who Risks His Life for the Perfect Adventure Photo: Jeremiah Watt shoots lyrical and graceful adventur... twitterurl
To all Man Utd fans,We will be facing Bayern Munich in the quarter final of the champions league #UCLDraw??
Miss Universe S'pore finalist pokes fun at man with holes in his shirt: His daughter hits back twitterurl
Man gets real cosy on train: He wraps himself in sleeping bag and goes to sleep twitterurl twitterurl
Got a call from some company ask me go. ???????! LOL actually thought I was an old man wna take survey
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Woman tries to mug Man with a knife. What he does next is GENIUS!
Tanjong Pagar MP Indranee Rajah stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl twitterurl
Tanjong Pagar MP Indranee Rajah stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Two Liverpool Supporter in the house, and the Man United fans are supporting Cardiff. Hahaha baik 1-0!!!
Two taxi drivers robbed at knifepoint 'by the same man' near Eunos MRT: SINGAPORE - Two taxi drivers were robb... twitterurl
Think, Singapore! > Prof Leo Tan - Man of science and dreams: Susan Long meets Professor Leo Tan, who has alwa... twitterurl
Dearborn man files class-action suit over GM ignition switches (Det News): Share With Friends:  |  | Business ... twitterurl
Wa. Man u didnt do well in the previous match and lost to Olympiakos then now taking revenge sibo
watch New Japan Cup : Nakamura vs twitterusername .man! what a tremendous match, this is Strong Style! twitterusername
[ST] Man who uploaded nude pictures of former girlfriend gets six weeks' jail: April 01, 2014 11:53... twitterurl #singapore
Old man winter no match for Michigan International Speedway : Speedway breaks out the jet dryer to fight off l... twitterurl
Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse: An Indian national who failed to disperse desp... twitterurl
Dear TRS, I am very touched to see not 1 but 7 Singaporeans helping an injured man twitterurl
??twitterusername Can't wait to get out of fucking secondary school man...??? with a good cert of course rofl >.>
[TODAY] Man arrested for kicking a bus along Serangoon Rd: SINGAPORE - Police arrested a 51-year-ol... twitterurl #singapore
Oh man I'm so stoked for THE 1975 coming to singapore. Thanks twitterusername you guys are the best.
Man i thought i was enlisted going to navy but it was a job recruitment instead haha twitterurl
Just loading in the songs for #ANZtunes this sunday on twitterusername oh man, you're in for a real treat :)
ikr sobs RT twitterusername what a shame. gwyneth paltrow and chris martin was one my favorite married couples man.
Man fined $4,000 for stealing $1,800 DSTA laptop and deleting classified information: April 02, 2014 12:02 PMA... twitterurl
[ST] Man fined $4,000 for stealing $1,800 DSTA laptop and deleting classified information: April 02... twitterurl #singapore
see where i get MY paranoia twitterusername owww man u change ur user name gotta remember it now
[ST] Nepalese man jailed for cheating in casinos by marking cards: April 01, 2014 8:31 AMA Nepalese... twitterurl #singapore
Tbh you're a funny guy with nonsense snapchats haha. ... ??? hahaha proper eating man proper eating. you too o's s... twitterurl
I'm talking to the man in the mirror, my mother now thinks that I have a mental illness
Eh btw. Auntie, you going sixist potluck? ??? HMM I CAN ONLY MAKE IT AT NIGHT MAN ): twitterurl
Shame on you twitterusername for defending a man for leaving his wife for a career? Why be Faustian?
Everyone always say 'personality over looks' but come on, looks plays a big part of everything man. Don't deny that.
#lifestyle #news: Man executed for burning two women alive: He beat his co-workers with hammers bef... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername Man arrested for assaulting and outraging the modesty of a woman near her condo on West Coast Way twitterurl
Man in spitting case jailed 5 weeks, fined $800; cried when judge urged him to be good twitterurl
[ST] Man escapes jail term on appeal for accident at junction of Victoria Street and Rochor Road twitterurl
Wasit paling 'adil' ??twitterusername Mike Dean has been appointed referee for Arsenal v Man City on Saturday 29 March #ARSMCI???
??twitterusername More facts. RT twitterusername Only one Martin episode was funny and any bruva man cameo thats it.???thank you
#lifestyle #news: Wine bar appeals to public to help identify vandals: A man is seen knocking down ... twitterurl #singapore
if man utd is not going to europe next seaon, do u know how much revenue is lost!!??! #sackmoyes
MBLAQ's Be A Man MV twitterurl - i can't wait to watch their comeback stages, Lee Joon dancing <3
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Man hang himself to death at Punggol Marina. twitterurl I bet this place is haunted now???
You might just see f(x)'s Victoria on the Chinese version of Running Man twitterurl twitterurl
i'll be cool and quiet but really dont push it man. stop making me out to be the bad guy
??twitterusername Don't cry about a man that left you... the next one may fall for your smile???
wah this sucks I can't imagine having to take my 3304 results tomorrow man I'm going to die
Happy birthday to Sam Johnstone a man utd teenage goalkeeper who is loan out to Doncaster Rovers
Jetlag means mister potato n the manchester derby. Got to witness Man City score after 44 seconds. twitterurl
??twitterusername Hampa ah Man Utd, all I asked for was no more than 2 goals. Its 3-0?!??? Alhamdulillah
Narendra Modi, a man with a massacre on his hands, is not the reasonable choice for India  twitterurl via twitterusername
Wherever we go. Whenever we catch it. Whatever you looks like. I'm man who always taking care about?? twitterurl
Man gets one day???s jail, fine for rubbing private parts on woman's face in public twitterurl via
Back at the place that brought us a million unforgettable memories with the man which made our?? twitterurl
[News] Man charged with being drunk, hurting police officer: A Chinese national who hurt a police officer whil... twitterurl
[CNA] Man charged with being drunk, hurting police officer: A Chinese national who hurt a police of... twitterurl #singapore
Man charged with being drunk, hurting police officer: A Chinese national who hurt a police officer while he wa... twitterurl
wgm sg filming tmr going to be chaotic since everyone knows. SHIT MAN I NEED SOME BACKUP HERE.
Good night to the man I love ...I see u soon ...i will see I promise my Kyu
We all gotta be fair to one another man. You only think about your condition, what about others?
Meet an amazing man. He is truly the 'Wandering Saint' of Singapore, an inspiration to many. twitterurl #Humility #Compassion
Man responsible for reporting Girls' Generation's Hyoyeon to the police turns out to be now-ex-boyfri... twitterurl via twitterusername
Man caught on video casually grabbing a guitar from racks and walking out of shop twitterurl twitterurl
stares at fyp and waits for it to evolve. c'mon man i've done enough level grinding so where's the exp
I didn't know Sam personally but a lot of people love him and all I can say is #PrayForSam, man.
First MERS death reported in M???sia: SINGAPORE - A Malaysian man who contracted the Middle East Respiratory Syn... twitterurl
Guys. This man right here, is the definition of hotness. Nev Schulman, I love you long time?? twitterurl
No one is giving a seat to that old man, and he's quite far from me. Inconsiderate ppl.
#im a #man who has #endured #pain #heartbreak #gn #goodnite #zzzz we do got #feelings too. twitterurl
Why Cecilia Cheung wants to find a man who is 40 to 43 years old twitterurl twitterurl
Man in China gets revenge on boss -- by releasing 1,130 baby ducks in his house twitterurl twitterurl
Man in China gets revenge on boss -- by releasing 1,130 baby ducks in his hous twitterurl twitterurl
Man U, u got another second half to do the shit. Do what u got to do
Idk man i always rush to someone when they are sad and stuffs but.. It didn't really happen to me.
Do you wear make up?? ??? What kind of qn is this man of cos i dont twitterurl
Preface by Rajat? MT "twitterusername The Unofficial Goldman Sachs Guide To Being A Man twitterurl ?? via twitterusername
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? ??? ... he... luked in the box idk man twitterurl
Mimi sex tape is really porn lol she got production value, a camera man, lighting, etc lol
[CNA] Man fined S$1.95m for importing duty-unpaid liquor: A former company director was on Monday f... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Saw a guy wearing the man united jersey for next year."Haahha u sure or not
It feels like the world is crip walking on my heart. I'm just so stressed out, man.
#Singapore Man U should give Moyes one more season. Perhaps Liverpool possibly winning the league is the tipping point.
Alarm activated after Malaysian man tried to sneak through Woodlands Checkpoint, Arrival Car Zone locked down: ICA
I'm listening to "INVISIBLE MAN" by "98 DEGREES" on Class 95FM! Get the MeRadio app at twitterurl
I hope i never get to do countering man hahahahahahaha i wanna do flooring 4 the rest op mai laif
Man finds out why it's not a good idea to tackle a large alligator on his own  twitterurl twitterurl
[News] Girlfriend abuser gets 12 months??? jail: An overly-suspicious man was on Wednesday sentenced to 12 month... twitterurl
[CNA] Girlfriend abuser gets 12 months??? jail: An overly-suspicious man was on Wednesday sentenced t... twitterurl #singapore
Meet India's 'Spider-Man' politician: Forget going door-to-door, this independent candidate running for a seat... twitterurl
Translating some accounts work for my mum. Fuck this man. I should be doing my accounts homework instead of this.
Now my baby's dancing. But he's dancing with another girl......*hoam:&* ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Equaliser through a header. 1 man down, 25 minutes to go and could be clutching at straws likely.
??twitterusername Abit scared ah bcos fadh got a very good team??? im like deji, shit as fuck man serious
Sorry guys, im tryna catch up with man friend you know what i mean. Ape?! Haha teringin nak pegi us
Had a nightmare the Texas Chainsaw man was chasing me and I somehow stumbled upon a black cat with braces
M???sian man arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands checkpoint: SINGAPORE - A 33-year-o... twitterurl
[ST] Man fined $2,500 for not getting approval to be a major shareholder of moneylender: April 22, ... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] Indonesian police have released the Australian man who sparked a hijack alert on...: Indones... twitterurl #singapore
CHARGED: Australian man who sparked hijack alert on a plane headed for Bali has been charged twitterurl
Great job Dominic! Pass me one son! RT twitterusername MyLittleGooner on a drink run for his old man! twitterurl
Jobless man charged with murder of 88-year-old woman in Choa Chu Kang lift twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
This bitch is getting on my nerves man,lorde give me strength and look over her please.
Is this man one of world's largest proliferators of WMDs?: U.S. authorities announced new sanctions and crimin... twitterurl
Driver nearly gets into an accident with man who use phone while driving at Checkpoint twitterurl twitterurl
A man was charged in court with organising an illegal  procession to commemorate Guy Fawkes Day last Nov twitterurl
Don't understand how someone can slap on thick makeup at such an hour. Respect man, so uncomfortable! Hahaha
"The only failure a man ought to fear is failure in cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best." \
You touch yourself after hours , aint no man allowed in ya bedroom . Ya sleeping alone in the bed.
I went to pee and when I came back man u already scored a goal. DAMN WE ARE GOOD #MUFC
For god's sake, you're 25 years old man and still acting like a 12 year old girl. prick
twitterurl Ex-CNB chief's defence asks court not to convict innocent man: SINGAPORE: The final leg of ... twitterurl
Dont tell me kiwi is dead, like again. Whos gonna help me to push start Vessy man..
Seriously man! Wad is happening to my body:'( having high fever again...this time is even higher... twitterurl
Panda Pic: Mei Prefers to Hang Out Right Side Up In Trees: Dan Dan The Binary Man posted a photo:\
but sam gotta learn "NEVER TRUST YOUR OLDER BROTHER" ....Dean not the most trustworthy man on earth ....womanising alcoholic smartarse!!
people still jaywalk across 5 lanes omg. im now extra careful even when crossing red man pls...
I don't need a man to make me happy with the guidance of the good lord , hmmm ????
not going to school tomorrow... but then i have to work hella hard over the weekend. ugh, fuckin' miranda, man.
yeah man RT twitterusername twitterusername well at least it's a good thing you're at the hospital then.
Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council: SINGAPORE: A resident who accused Sembawang Town Cou... twitterurl
Standoff: Ala. Gunman Seizes Boy: Neighbors of Ala. man suspected of holding child in standoff was threatening, ... twitterurl
Man accused of using others' credit cards - AsiaOne: AsiaOneMan accused of using others' credit cardsAsiaOneA jo... twitterurl
Erghh. I burnt the midnight watching the running man and now continue  watching that show. See yaa.  :D
#local #news Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council: A resident who accused Semba... twitterurl #singapore
Whut... RT twitterusername so done with this place RT twitterusername o_O RT twitterusername Rape attempt: Man inserts ... twitterurl
What kind of guy are you? Man up little bitch annoying be a gentleman not a whiny asshole
Listen baby sometimes I know I be playing but set aside the bullshit I'm a grown ass man
U need to choose one of them then RT ??twitterusername twitterusername I don't move on man, Idk y???
??twitterusername That commercial with the man walking down the street with the baby is funny as hell ???????????
I'm just focused on passing my classes man. That's all I give a fuck about right now.
"Why don't you love me Jenny? I'm not a smart man but I know what love is." I'm crying omfg
The result of dealing with "Lil Boys" they ain learned the meaning of being a "Man" twitterusername
Wow man,  Indian speaking chinese so fluently , while me suck at Chinese when i am a chinese....
Same! RT twitterusername i agree ^__^ RT twitterusername i'm repeating myself but running man is the best when there's no guest
Some man city fans were claiming that balotelli is a "legend". What for? For being plain stupid and dumb. ??
Hah! RT twitterusername Of course you won't know where your man is with a face that looks like that.
Man City discuss Balotelli sale: Manchester City begin discussions with AC Milan and Juventus about the possible... twitterurl
Then the old man let his grandson sit just cause he was playing games on his hp.. How sweet
AsiaClassifiedToday. Rumor: Asus to manufacture Nexus 7 sequel - CNET: CNETRumor: Asus to man... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Football: QPR frustrate Man City, Villa sink into drop zone: LONDON: The post-Mario Balotelli era at Manchester ... twitterurl
"twitterusername should i or should i not make a move..." you should man we talked about this.
And she trynna bag a married man. He said her name was weird but he still talkn to her smh
omg, nvr drink soya bean today :< only took a sip from yana's one, thats still not enough man
Sport bra is not supporting it though  i think it's loose? RT twitterusername twitterusername but dont you have man boobies
Man jailed 1 day and fined $1,500 for pushing cleaner's shoulder, causing him to fall and break pubic bone twitterurl
Major respect to David Beckham, Playing for PSG with no salary. He's donating it to a local charity. Class man!
Going to watch cloud atlas with twitterusername instead of ah boys to men marathon hahaha the man is upset.
Timeline penuh dgn news psl Running Man kat Vietnam.. Over crowded sampai nk shooting pon susah.. Come on Vietnamese.. #RunningMan
[CNA] Man sentenced to 20 weeks' jail for taking upskirt videos: SINGAPORE: A dishwasher who took ups... twitterurl #singapore
Ahahaha :3"twitterusername When an #Aries man walks into the room, everyone knows The Boss is here."
oh man i need to cough n im controlling it therefore my eyes are reacting ... looks like crying ... xP
Oh man, I'm so doomed. Only had about 2 hours plus of sleep and I'm working double shift today.
#Finance #Job in #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...: Intern (f/m): SAP Contract Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
It's "what did I just watch/see" not "what did I just watched/saw" SIMPLE ENGLISH MAN
Fucking tyical males with their fucking typical minded of judging females. Go motivate Yoself and man up a little.
Kau asyik break off getback break off getback break off getback.Is like no humans or girl in this world man.
1 more working day!!! even short of man-power & OT required. aint feeling tired at all. cause im going home!
Finally I am finished with ep 129 of Running Man! I know I am super slow... LOL
NS makes or breaks a man. You either come out changed and better or more beng and egoistic.
The man behind Google Docs is now trying to reinvent the web app at Box twitterurl via twitterusername
Small fortune belonging to man who claimed to be a Tahitian prince to be auctioned in Australia twitterurl
wtf RT twitterusername HAHA RT twitterusername Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl
I have to sleep early today. Waking up at 3.30 for man u vs real madrid game.
Man utd vs real madrid game tonight is a must to watch................. ahh fuck no mio at home ????
Fuck dr lutchen man, I swear that bitch don't like me. I hope all the diet coke factories close down!!!
I want to cry. The day I'm waiting for. Real Madrid vs Man Utd. Dream come true.
Elijah ?? ?? ????She??moved like a snake. Her curvaceous body putting every man in the place into a trance,... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Richest Man in India Predicts US Will Be Energy Independent in 5 to 7 ... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Father is so fucking cheap that i need to watch real madrid vs man utd at lappy...#ggmu twitterurl
Perut tengah cramp gila. What if menses on its way? Omg. Big disappointment man!!! I want to go this sunday!
??twitterusername Knife-wielding man attacks 3 at Sun Plaza after queue for newspapers turns violent twitterurl nvr go there!!
7people infront of me, all walked past this man who was asleep and none of them woke him up....
I fucking want this for my birthday, final desicion!!!!!!!!!!!!! You can have your own pool man, your own pool!!!! twitterurl
??twitterusername Watching running man episode 132 now??? IT IS SO EPIC. Hehehehe one of my fav i think
im not lying man. what if u were a toddler and it the clown eats your head
Man. It's hard as fuck having feelings for someone when you know you need to let them go.
Man charged with outraging the modesty of girl - Channel News Asia: Straits TimesMan charged with outraging th... twitterurl
I've got a fleamarket booth at scape level 4 tmr but won't be around to man. Anyone interested to share?
Texas carries out first execution this year, a man convicted of setting his girlfriend on fire twitterurl
Diyy thanks cuz willing accompany miyy last night . Dat was great night ever . I love you japaneese man . Hihi .
"if u know u bad, u need to stay fucking on the leash with your man no matter what"
Body stuffed in trolley bag Man jailed for failing to report death: A former marketing executive was jailed for ... twitterurl
Singaporean man assisting probe into match fixing: (1 hr 18 mins ago)  Dan Tan Seet Eng, a Singaporean busines... twitterurl
Hey everyone! Do watch my cover of When I Was Your Man by Bruno Mars if you have not :) twitterurl
??twitterusername KJK revealed that he came to SG before secretly after filming Running Man in HK! #kjkinsg???\
Really lovin' LTB lessons everyweek. The most useful among my other mods. It's rly beyond the grades man, haha!
[News] Suspect caught for breaking into neighbour's flat: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 49-year-old man susp... twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername Train extremely cold right now. Feel like hugging the man beside me uh." Shhhhhh ?????? dumba smiggle boy ????
I can't stop watching of Rafael Goal , its like totally a beast goal man ^^ . Like seriously :D
hahais. I shudnt have laughed at bestf when she talks abt eeeeeeeeee man kan. Skrg she tanak share story lagy
??twitterusername aw yay. RT twitterusername [PHOTOS] Kim Jong Kook tells fans he hopes to bring Running Man to Singapore twitterurl
Amath, just kill me sua lar hor. I'm even memorising yr formula while walking in the rain man. Urgh
Man S/O twitterusername fa da coolest avi I'd sell my soul to be n dat pic ??????
I prefer you wearing only boxer ;) ??? Hmmm.... You clearly don't have a clue how I look like man hahahaha!... twitterurl
??twitterusername The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel.???
I need a real job man this mbs things may turn to a nightmare for my eyes actually u_u
Tonight is the night alot of us have been waiting for. Real Madrid vs Man Utd 2nd leg.
Man argues with wife, goes out and steals S$200k SUV, drives to Ipoh. He got 14 months jail twitterurl
Arent you together with that guy? ??? haha what omg no?! where'd you hear that from man! twitterurl
?????? RT twitterusername In China, a man divorced and sued his wife for $120,000 for being ugly and won the case.
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea: Search and rescue operations are ongoing in Hawa... twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] Ryan Giggs started for Man Utd against Real Madrid today, marking a milestone 1,...: Rya... twitterurl #singapore
Eh omg same always kena the ??? damn annoying RT twitterusername My 3g is shit man what is happening
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? being gentleman and humorous at the same time heh twitterurl
We're Man United, we do what we want!??twitterusername Football: Ferguson, United face UEFA rap after media silence twitterurl
It appears Hugo Chavez has taken the news of Man Utd getting knocked out of Europe quite badly....
HAHA RT ??twitterusername Real Madrid's Ronaldo says he's "sad" after eliminating former club Man Utd from Champions League twitterurl
What is your favorite song at the moment? ??? When i was your man by Bruno Mars. twitterurl
If He Gave My Dog Tag To A Homeless Man Its Bout To Be A Problem. Lol
Yeh man work again. But gina won't be around i guess. She's the one i talked to the most._.
Omg cabbie also dunno the way he is using the street directory fml where is my car man
??twitterusername Cus if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me??? the man who cant be moved~
A 63 yr old man forcibly sodomising a healthy 25 yr old never made sense from d beginning! twitterusername twitterusername
It's how's how pathetic ppl nowadays can be. A man in his thirties(i believe) harassing a 19years boy, seriously?
I m looking at your tweets but unsure if u r a lady or a man, can tell me ?
As a man you should do right thing instead of complaining and not doing anything to make it better.
As a man you should do the right thing instead of complaining and not doing anything to make it better.
I'm nt suprised if there's someone commiting suicide because of ask.fm..  Wow some qns are god damn fucked up man
MISS ME RIGHT AHAHAHAH. RT twitterusername twitterusername yesss! Man those good times ? btw when are you coming back? /:
mention me when you're done with the header man! i know you're busy, take your time! twitterusername
"twitterusername "It's going to make me a better man and a better player from watching Kobe" - Dwight Howard"
Aww man. My holidays starts at 25 march. For how long ur holiday?... ??? No idea LOL twitterurl
"twitterusername The only one who can stop a serial killer is the man who inspired him."     Or CSI.
I SPOT ARMPIT HAIRZ "twitterusername Jaejoong is so unique..a beautiful man with a hot-manly body xDD twitterurl
Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications: SINGAPORE: A 56-year-old Singaporean and the sole pro... twitterurl
[News] Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications: SINGAPORE: A 56-year-old Singaporean and the s... twitterurl
oh d&t test tmrw. just fail them man. not gonna care bout d&t for now~
Man this nigga better do something about his shoes. Walk in, this bitch smelling like feet nshit ????
Heng Tmr don't have that lesson man. If not I'm gonna kill myself by not seeing the exact time.
Friends all gym-ing .. Here i am in bed all sick from Friday .. I wanna gym too man ..
??twitterusername I hope man utd wins..haiss if not another heartbreak after that defeat to real madrid?????
Yo shahrul twitterusername ! Starting attachment eh? All the best man! Time flies! Cherish every moment! Take care:D
I like this song tho even if his ass did remix Ya Man Ain't Me in it lmao
Man I Feleing Tight & I Want Someone To Wuk Me Right...Having A Party In my Room Right Now SmH
I wonder if Iron Man 3 DVD will have free poster as big as this Avengers one twitterurl
Aircon repair man risks his life by balancing on ledge to fix condenser unit in the rain      twitterurl
"twitterusername Babi otw home sleepy like fk. Then lie on bed alrd, cannot sleep. I hate this."feel you man
"twitterusername I need a man who will hug me and says 'no, you're not' when I say I'm fine :)"
running man is one of the only variety shows that kpop idols can't maintain their image on LOL
Luckily I and my boyfriend wasn't the only person he was aiming. Just shut the fuck up old man. ??
#lifestyle #news: Underaged escort tells court about sex services to Swiss man: She was one of at l... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece when she was 10-years-old on three occasions twitterurl
??twitterusername F*ck can this month end already, I'm tired of being broke ?.??? Stop sub tweeting ur man lol
Do you watch Running Man? If yes.. Which is your favourite episode??... ??? Nope I don't. Should I ? twitterurl
Why VS? I don't see much difference :\\ ??? C'mon man VS is so comfortable Triumph always cuts me. twitterurl
??twitterusername LEDApple???s Hanbyul shows off his beautiful voice through ??When I Was Your Man??? cover twitterurl twitterusername  voice
Threat mak kau. Bodoh. Man up face the consequences. Stand up for what you speak. Hah. Juvenile these days.
??twitterusername Elderly man kills wife, commits suicide in US hospice unit, after deciding he could not live without her twitterurl
Elderly man kills wife & commits suicide in US hospice unit, after deciding he could not live without her twitterurl
You're not a man if you can't even commit or be responsible. That is what I call boys.
"twitterusername twitterusername take care My Man , I always pray for you.., God will guard you all the time ?"
Man watching these SimCity lets plays makes me want to play Sim City with twitterusername and twitterusername
Mind-blowing 2d Art by Yi Hwan Kwon. Look at James beside the lantern man :) #artdubai #dubai #art twitterurl
Why must black? RT twitterusername Retweet if you're a strong independent black woman who don't need no man.
Why must it come now what if it's still there during syf then it would be so uncomfy man
Does anyone know an aircon service man or company who responds to communication or am I really asking too much?
Disabled US man wins more than $9,000 after Disneyland "Small World" ride broke down, stranding him for hours twitterurl
listening to MR removed version of INFINITE Man In Love perf on MCD.. sounds the same as recorded CD! #INFINITELiveIsPerfect
??twitterusername "twitterusername Is running man that nice ?" Y E S !???but I don't what they are doing ??
France says Malaysia can build jets if it buys Rafale: PARIS: France on Tuesday dangled the possibility of man... twitterurl
Such act must be praised ??twitterusername Foreign worker helps elderly man to cross the road in #singapore  twitterurl #fb
See this man here? He just turned 20 today. Happy 20th birthday mate. A brother from another mother. A?? twitterurl
HAHAHAHA! RT twitterusername man... RT twitterusername twitterusername "twitterusername #MentionTo your friends who always take a long time to bath."
I could get down here(marsiling) and just head to my aunt's place to continue my sleep man.
[ST] Man investigated for making false report on lost items: March 14, 2013 2:22 PMPolice are inves... twitterurl #singapore
So sad that twitterusername cannot join us to end our NPCC shit together. Still, have fun in India man.
---? twitterusername "twitterusername BREAKING: Man CIty's Carlos Tevez charged with driving while disqualified and driving without insurance. #mcfc"
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT twitterusername Siwon on Elle Man Hongkong Magazine Spring/Summer 2013 Edition (cr: ELLE HK's site)  twitterurl
Mischief? Damaging? Beats me.  ??twitterusername Man fined $1,000 for mischief by damaging two pieces of brand new lingerie twitterurl
Some people hand me money, they dont understand, im not broke, im just a broken hearted man
No doubt "twitterusername Ryan Giggs has been voted as The Man of The Match against Reading FC. #EPL #MUFC #Giggsy"
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl The Trololo Man is Still Going at It, 37 Years Later
#MuBankJKT 2PM - Hands Up (dear JYPE this 'newest' Korean song by 2PM is from 2011.. man, i'm speechless)
VIDEO: Star man Bowie's life on show: London's Victoria and Albert Museum is staging a major retrospective exh... twitterurl
"twitterusername How a man plays a game shows something of his character, how he loses shows all of it" yes (':
"This man is immortal, 'her' money can buy lives and lies. SPRM is nothing against great devil" (Pyol, 2013)
Earlier on in class, Stella and I watched Running Man hehehe I swear I almost died laughing! Now I've abs ??
Fake Tahitian prince admits fraud in Australia: BRISBANE: A man who led a playboy lifestyle while claiming to ... twitterurl
Thanks so much man bro!!! see u around ??? RT twitterusername Happy birthday bro :) have a great day twitterusername
[ST] Police looking for man to assist with investigations into theft: March 19, 2013 3:05 PMThe pol... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Singaporean man found dead in burning JB house: March 22, 2013 8:05 PMJOHOR BARU - Firefighter... twitterurl #singapore
my back still hurts. urgh. its a record man. for the whole day it has been hurting
The first time to hear bout monstore hmm. Is that for man or woman? Or both gender?
-_- twitterusername Greek philosopher Diogenes of Sinope would masturbate in public to show happiness belonged to a man who rejected..
Watching running man in the middle of the night at my house with my friends hehe ^^ twitterurl
My life-time coolest man ever is now getting older. Happy 21 twitterusername , keep spreads the happiness! :* twitterurl
Man fined $2,000 for engaging unlicensed employment agent: March 22, 2013 2:17 PMA 23-year-old Indian national... twitterurl
"twitterusername Ur mother... Ur mother...Ur mother...  then Ur Father ... [ Muhammad S.A.W ]" help wash the dishes man
Take Command 12 Keys To Joining The Social Elite And Gaining Control: AVOID THIS MAN, OR ACTING IN... twitterurl #Leadership
Everytime going free man sure got new case come out ? Nb , like that when then can free sia
How about I jerk you off?! ??twitterusername ill kiss you so hard man dont fuck with me???
That's it man, I'm going to Malaysia and buy a fucking land that's mine and mine after 99 years.
How can a man be in A&E but still his siblings doubt about him being in an accident?
"Wise words, from a wise man, from wiese old France" can anyone understand this? From wise ol' Mitchell
and ohya! the blonde is finally bitten and shot herself deaddddd in the last ep, like finally man! twitterusername
The announcement might have lasted only about 15mins, but man it was worth the wait. #GameOn! #Bubar #GE13
If man utd lose. Haiss tkpe ahhh fa cup pun kecil. At least kite ade cup besar.
Wah Kan pain Sia the massage at this shop. But must be man and not struggle too much!(:
Let me ride jah face RT twitterusername #Kingin on the Jet with my Lil man twitterusername twitterurl
Chelsea booked a FA Cup semi final spot after a 1-0 defeat of Man U at the Bridge.
Haha had a nap. I slept while watching running man. Now that I feel refreshed, I shall continue watching it!
??twitterusername twitterusername my instructor la hahaha man whattt, get your own ?????hahaha ?? I should have come to see you sia??
should I watch running man or continue lee soon shin is the best (drama's title too long)
Stray dog in Hong Kong thanks man who feeds it -- by sending him to work daily twitterurl
[CNA] Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets three years' jail for other charges twitterurl
Transgender man who gave birth to three children to appeal ruling denying him a divorce from his wife twitterurl
[News] Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets three years' jail for other charges: The businessman who... twitterurl
[CNA] Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets three years' jail for other charges: The busin... twitterurl #singapore
The importance of foreign workers to learn simple basic English is best illustrated here. And a man walks free.. twitterurl
??A man is called selfish, not for pursuing his own good, but for neglecting the neighbor???s.??? \
ohmygod drakebell ! I'm so sorry for disagreeing when u said Justin's gay! U're then the man! OMG?? twitterurl
Okay maybe not so much for Nancy, but the lady next to her. Honey, iz you a man?! twitterurl
I miss my man twitterusername so much. Thanks for always being there for me. Awak selalu bagi semangat?? twitterurl
vivo with zahin khai and afiq for free cone day tomorrow. i should dress like a man
Man utd lose also don't affect that much. Still got lots of games unless they suay lose all ah
Football: Lazio, Roma draw in Rome derby: Brazilian midfielder Hernanes went from hero to villain as 10-man La... twitterurl
[twitterurl Can't We Be Friends?: Uzuki and the Fairy Tree Man. Didn't take me too long to do, kin... twitterurl
Super sucks man I can't chat with my freshies and sc all cos my phone is like armyboi phone :(
Cant wait to be at the after party tmrw!!!! Much misses and hope everything goes smoothly for my man! twitterusername
i was craving a movie today :( can all the good ones just get released  already fak man
Have anyone seen a man with a pineapple hair before? I just did and I can't even... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ????????
Wtf man this auntie ask me go and buckle her dress for her and im like wtf .. ????
Fml. Not going kdo. Not going dye hair. Gonna be super unglam for the first week for school. Shit man.
elly me and eqin yayy insyallah we can cope with it and if they nak insult us, SO WHAT MAN
US man caught in the middle of a shooting survives after stray bullet hit his belt buckle twitterurl
I will use my phone when I feel awkward or alone. Not when my friends are around. Courtesy man
Man u scored but it was so quiet outside.............i went out to find out abah fell asleep LOL
As the reds go marching On, On, On!! ? Glory Glory Man United by The World Red Army ??? twitterurl
Okay, I just told my friend tonight MAN U 2-0 but in the end I didn't buy. Shag!
The only problem with watching running man in the middle of the night is because of the food!!!!
HAHAHAHAHA RT twitterusername The man has two girlfriends. You don't think he's smiling because he's won. #F1
Wtf man x-country after school?!? The school think the students all camels uh running under the hot sun.
Aiming. RT twitterusername fire fighter ahhh ape lgi "twitterusername Yeah man! hehehe! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername faik cd pe? Bgs..."
[ST] Man jailed 3 months for burning neighbour's baby accidentally: April 17, 2013 5:03 PMA baby su... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername The 10 billionth song on iTunes was downloaded by a 71 year old man, Steve Jobs (cont) twitterurl
Man from Mississippi believed to be involved in sending poison letters containing #ricin in the US has been arrested.
[YH!SG-FB] Carlos Tevez makes the difference for Man City as the reigning champions beat re...: Car... twitterurl #singapore
Strange pale bald man peering down from strange pale tower at candy cane lady with mini burgers.
French man who sold faulty breast implants to more than 300,000 women booed by victims during trial twitterurl
#Deal #AudioBook  #8: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life?? twitterurl
#Deal #Book #8: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
[ST] Online vice ring: Third man on trial says mobile phone holds crucial evidence: April 18, 2013 ... twitterurl #singapore
Forbes now values Real Madrid at $3.3bn (??2.2bn), with Man Utd in second place on $3.17bn. Barcelona is third
#Deal #AudioBook  #10: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life?? twitterurl
IT WILL BE A GOOD SLEEP BECAUSE I LOVE MY MUSCULAR MAN. Okay, pervert mood off. Goodnight
#Deal #AudioBook  #5: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life?? twitterurl
I swear this fat china man next to me is a copy of the sun. Big, fat, and emanating heat.
Man accused of sending poison-laced letters tried to US President Barack Obama is delusional, ex-wife says twitterurl
Steve Jobs' burglar made off with Apple co-founder's wallet: The man accused of breaking into Steve... twitterurl via twitterusername
Two nabbed for stealing sleeping man???s iPhone - NY Daily News twitterurl Good for the cops. Occurred at Brooklyn Bridge
twitterusername Ahhhh?? oh man, now u are tempting me to buy an Apple TV to watch hulu
RT twitterusername A man walks into a bar. He is an alcoholic and its destroying his family.
twitterusername twitterusername illusion seems to be dragging further and further apart cos of studies and competitions :/ that's it man.
Top Science/Tech Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press twitterurl
#Science Man admits stealing spree at Apple founder Steve Jobs' home - Detroit Free Press twitterurl #FF twitterusername
Inside Man: Our Reports From The Apple Vs. Samsung Courtroom On This Week???s CultCast twitterurl #apple #mac
Would hang out after we got back from jb but unfortunately twitterusername is working later today. Anw, thanks man!
Oh man, i'll be working for the whole of next week and i'm certainly gonna miss my gf badly :(
Sucks to see tasha moody man. She soo happy just nw abe everything just changed soo fast
VIDEO: Man Tracks Down Missing iPhone, Fights Alleged Thief: Kenneth Schmidgall wanted his iPhone back ??? even if... twitterurl
I don't care how strong a man you are, if you see another dude gets his testicles damaged, you'd cringe.
His face is gorgeous his style is stunning his voice is mesmerising I swear he is the perfect man
Im actually very2 sleepy from only an hour of sleep since last night. But im over thinking this shizzz man
Watched Checkmate and I'm like thinking, 'Man~~ I wonder how pissed Joongie got seeing those dances with the girl'. Lol
Up On This #STUDIOFLOW But #ShoutOut To My Bruva twitterusername And #All4U .  . . He's Saving R&B Man. #DCMG
Thai woman in Zouk cardiac arrest dies: AsiaOne  Thursday, Jan 10, 2013    SINGAPORE: A young Thai man who colla... twitterurl
"twitterusername Don???t cry for a man who???s left you, the next one may fall for your smile."
Another Tibetan sets himself on fire, dies to protest Chinese rule: A Tibetan man protesting China's rule of the... twitterurl
Its twitterusername our #ANTM photographer :) RT twitterusername Onti twitterusername who's the man beside you? Look like adam levine. Ganteeeng
Chelsea interim manager Rafael Benitez is the man Real Madrid's members want to replace Jose Mourinho at the Bernabeu.
we are having problem but there you go indirect tweets with other girl fuck this hurt man.
Hahaha the first thing after Man U score my cousin called to boost about it x) hahah so cute !
so it's not a one-man team. it's not like he dribble all the way and score.
everyone says depends on what you like. but what do i like man. i myself also dontknow :(
[REMINDER] To watch Running Man on Channel U at 8pm later. Guest is..BIG BANG SEUNG RI ^^
Pointy leather shoes, bling earring, Coach document bag and a greeny brown bob - all wrong in a man.
The hokkien mee stall at jurong point is closed! :'( aw man that place has the best hokkien mee
what the shit man they made everyone's face in the yearbook look as if it's damn freaking oily
Oh man. I feel so chao lao. The girl next to me is 17 years old. FML x1000.
Eh twitterusername don't tell me this ur body man ur dp. Why become so hot suddenly twitterurl
I remember seeing this picture of a girl breaking 2k13 in half......I wonder if her man killed her yet.
I love te southern comfort commercial with the old man and that random song singing "alalalalala lalala oooooweeooo"
We've Known Texting Was Going to Destroy Conversation for Over a Century:      If you've ever thought "man, text... twitterurl
'Honey Boo Boo' Star Mama June BANS Co-Star from Show ... The Man Is NUTS! twitterurl via twitterusername
Man Utd: Nemanja Vidic and Ashley Young Injuries Are Not Serious, According to Sir Alex Ferguson (via twitterurl
Glitch in Sprint???s GPS service points Find My iPhone users to innocent man???s house twitterurl [iDB]
What is happening in this world man a 7 year old got raped and died. Bloody hell
CDS presentation next thurs. Oh man. Dislike the idea of presenting in front of so many strangers :(
I WILL THE NEXT TIME I SEE HER MAN RT twitterusername twitterusername campak je, please. annoying gile.
#IT #Job in #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...: Working student (f/m): Intranet Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
woh!! RT twitterusername Kim Jong "SPARTA" Kook, commander of Running Man to hold first fan meet in Singapore twitterurl  #Runningman
??twitterusername oh god the sun is so sunny & it's facing me gaaaaaah??? you getting black man. Later become girlpelikBBQ . hahah
Bro you going? Got the ticket man?! :) RT twitterusername Swedish House Mafia later on! Can't wait #stoked
I don't even give a fuck about getting in trouble anymore man because I fuck up on a regular basis.
PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done twitterurl #Singapore
Football: Barcelona held by 10-man Malaga: MADRID: Holders Barcelona's hopes of retaining the Spanish Cup hang i... twitterurl
Lance Armstrong finally admitted to doping during Tour de France... for a man with no balls, he got some balls.
Look @ my fave all in his zone n shit. RT??twitterusername Who's that? That's a business man at work! twitterurl
3-lb. goldfish shocks fisherman: A Michigan man fishing for perch reels in a goldfish much bigger than average.\
Man fired for outsourcing his job to China while he 'watched cat videos all day' twitterurl via twitterusername
Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus - Because stealing a car is not challenging enough. twitterurl via twitterusername
'Well folks, I'm about to get shot': A man suspected of abducting and sexually assaulting a Central Michigan Uni... twitterurl
So Southampton sack decent man and coach like Adkins. What a poxy, myopic   League the #EPL has become. Shocking decision \
AsiaClassifiedToday: The Answer Man: Bigfoot at the Museum Club - Arizona Daily Sun: The An... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
I'm wearing like a grown up man now and then a guy ask where do I work. Haha.
[GIF] Jonghyun can't stop being cute on Running Man.. even his intro also super cute la waeee twitterurl
But nw main thing is , its 5 points difference & Man United need to be alert on all times.
Sagitarius juga RT twitterusername #Cancer women are highly romantic and want a man who is the same.
Street Fighter X Mega Man V2 released, introduces additional secret boss, password system [Vid... twitterurl via twitterusername
If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn't, nothing can make him stay. | Oprah
I don't mind skipping school to sleep awhile more man. After all in 365 days, how many is like this
ohh man i'm seriously getting damn excited.. 2013 is gonna be a bloody awesome year for us.
Finding Love as a HIV positive Gay Man? Here are my views on this issue. Please read. twitterurl
It's an rnb night. Chillin with smooth, soothing music. Like angels massaging my ears with whip cream. Yeaaa man
Photoset: the-absolute-best-posts: senjukannon Bruce motherfucking Lee. ??I fear not the man who has... twitterurl
im right man. sasaengs are all mentally unsound. was just talking abt it with twitterusername the other day...
Nigeria's finest Port Harcourt base comedian Dan D Humorous to release one man show video in March.
Mans r getting fucked up & stomped on WSHH ... My lawd !! This man got knocked out and is sleeping.
Wowzaar RT twitterusername Give him a bells ... RT twitterusername Man to walk dog from Cape Town to Pretoria: twitterurl
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose?... ??? Cheetah or leopard . twitterurl
finally i did it! HAHAHHA I made the toughest league in FIFA and man u got relegated lol
A man will bring you through hell and back just to see how long you'll stick around
Guys going for NS are afraid getting botak on my TL. The hair will grow. Man up!
Prankster arrested for wedgies: A Florida man was arrested for giving people wedgies outside of a theater. He of... twitterurl
Gun attack in Philippine court: A Canadian man opens fire in a Philippine court, killing two people and wounding... twitterurl
WOWRT twitterusername #MadridPic Cristiano 300 gol: 5 gol Sporting Lisbon, 118 gol Man Utd, 177 gol Real
If i a girl asks for a guys number , she is one of a kind man haha .
AsiaClassifiedToday Thailand's Richest Man Gets Richer Chasing $11 Billion F&N Deal - Bloombe... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Lack Of Love RT twitterusername So sad this year twitterusername & twitterusername Don want to celebrate my birthday.. Feeling LOL man.. :(
All the guests pls EXCEPT kwanghee :p RT twitterusername oh damn twitterusername is like so handsome in running man. OMFG
Did i just took the wrong bus! ERGH!!! What was i thinking. What number did i even see man. ??????
Australian man cleared of molesting woman: An Australian was cleared today of molesting a purchasing officer alo... twitterurl
Now watching crab catching at Bering Sea who claims more than one man everytime the season arrive .
Man Who Got Shit Together 5 Years Ago Still Viewed As Lovable Fuckup By Friends, Family twitterurl
the good thing of being small, you can selit menyelit masuk hahahaha i survive in the train man ??
This is easier than shading but yet so tedious omg it better earn me some marks man
It's great that baby is going back record bfb after SO LONG. I need to cry man.
Meeting my girls tmr, it's been 2months since we three camwhore. That's a long time man. ?? #loves #girls #lo twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername i seeeee.... No wonder I see unicorns flying at night. so you have man boobs la ni." YES
Damn this whole spring break thing made me bummed out:( it's all I had to look forward to man:(
no the first thing i'll do is go to spao and get an iron man t-shirt 8)
<3 RT twitterusername INFINITE "Man In Love" Total Trophies: Show Champion ? MCD ? Music Bank ?? Music Core ? Inkigayo ?? #MANINLOVE7THWIN
Not bad, physics is quite easy to memorize. Now need to memorize ss! Fuck man! Seriously, ss is killing me!
"twitterusername Should Man Utd beat Aston Villa on Monday night, they will secure a record-breaking 20th league title. #SSFootball"
"I have to protect the one thing that i can't live without" - Tony Stark, Iron Man 3
Who would wanna be with someone who isn???t over their ex man, korek kubur sendiri sia tu
Waallah the video title  ' A 90 yr old man wishes he never had children ' is really sad..
#Russia #Book The Invincible Iron Man  Extremis By (author) Warren Ellis, Illustrated by Adi Granov: The Invin... twitterurl
#Manga #Comic #Book The Invincible Iron Man  Extremis By (author) Warren Ellis, Illustrated by Adi Granov: The... twitterurl
Helped a blind man ride the bus. Everyone was looking and doing nothing... Kinda feel happy for myself.
If only school starts at 11 and ends at 2 omg I won't mind going to school man
Lewandowski !! 4 goals against Real Madrid! You're totally amazing striker ! Hehe please please come to Man United ! Hehe #EchteLiebe #GGMU!
Robert Leawandoski was the star man of the game with 4 goals. Real Madrid goal came from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Am I really not good enough than her. What were u thinking when u did that man OMG
Omg. So many movie cinema being fully book because of iron man. How to watch like this
this old man was out there saying yall better get that funky pussy ugly monkey face ass hoe lmfao
Omg same!! Why are all this happening? :( "twitterusername mid term is next week, what a joke man"
Orange deputies shoot 'erratic' man dead: The shooting happened about 6 p.m. between Tranquility Inn & Suites and Que Rico restaurant...
Just ended movie ! Must watch iron man again ! Lots of audi car :) (@ Gold Class Lounge @ VivoCity w/ 2 others) twitterurl
Just let an old man sit even though I'm carrying 10kg worth of shit. CAN YOU SAY CARING???
The legend still sounds awesome. Buddy is Da Man. ? Damn Right, I've Got the Blues by Buddy Guy ??? twitterurl
you seduced the man?!?!?! ??? I'm kidding geeeeez but there was a 15% discount I have no idea why... twitterurl
'Iron Man 3' keeps China in mind: Rob Cain, a Hollywood producer and consultant, discusses a new Hollywood for... twitterurl
Man hits 7-11 employee on head with broom after being told not to wash hands with ice twitterurl  twitterurl
Twitjacked? RT twitterusername Fuck you DANIAL NARUTO ! You're dead man ! I'll fuck you with boom fucker -.-t
AsiaClassifiedToday: Q&A With The Man Who Helps Run the City of London - Wall Street Jour... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Those months when you don't feel like taking any pictures evn if you put on makeups. What a month man!
Shhh, dont expose me. HAHAHAA RT twitterusername Watching running man while having lectures is not (cont) twitterurl
SERIOUSLY? WTF?! RT twitterusername A man was arrested in Singapore for not flushing the toilet in a public restroom.
so cute omg RT MyungSooBIASED: [PIC] Infinite's Man In Love phone case. via:melodramas cre:as tagged twitterurl (via/MyungsooFac
If I could spare one on one with a real man. What makes you think i cant knock you out? :)
Faceee "twitterusername BREAKING: Man Utd name David Moyes as their new manager on a six-year deal."
Three Europeans 'released in Yemen': A Finnish couple and an Austrian man abducted in Yemen in December have b... twitterurl
"no man/woman that could broke our friendship"<<<one kind of the worst bulshit in the whole world
??twitterusername twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername yah. Alright man see ya tmr. Apape, ws aku or giant okay???? Taknk urg..hahaha
Giant mantis spider robot unveiled: A British man who spent four years designing and building an enormous dies... twitterurl
So the first seal telling sounds a lot like the one from When A Good Man Goes To War
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl [Music Bank w/ Eng Lyrics] INFINITE - Man In Love (2013.04.20)
Canada 'train plot' suspect in court: A man arrested in Canada on suspicion of planning what officials say was... twitterurl
Football: Spurs fightback tips title towards Man United: Tottenham Hotspur plundered three late goals to stun ... twitterurl
Man united won 3-0 to aston villa ! 1st half hat trick done by Van Persie ! #20
The guy beside me... damn it man? smelly sia your hair wax or whatever you put on.
Da feeling dj travel around the world ada back to back gigs. Lol. A man can dream can he? ??
School head stabbing suspect charged: A man arrested over the stabbing of a school head teacher outside her Ro... twitterurl
Omg just saw pri sch form teacher mr fernando. It has been a long time man. HAHA .
And for those who wants to leak the story of Iron Man, you will burn in hell.
party animal now ?? Work? Heh! Umm .. imma gg home to slp man! Im extremely tired frm work ?^_^|| twitterusername
This girl was laughing loudly while watching idk what show on her phone. I assume it's Running Man
Done watching Iron Man 3 in 3D . Awesome movie ever ! I give it a Five star rating ! . #IronMan3 #3D?? twitterurl
You don't need to throw your bottles around man. I came for drinks, not for a douche show
Waiting for running man to start so that the two monkeys can leave me alone AND LENNY WILL BE MINE
So I'm here watching people going to see iron man 3 for the second time and I'm just....here...
IRON MAN 3 WAS AWESOME (Expected it to be more interesting tho but wtv)  YOU GUYS SHOULD WATCH IT!!!!!!
Gym in the morning and off to meet love to study and then watch iron man 3 ?
"twitterusername #SS5inChile seriously... chilean fanchants r incredible! i can hear them so well!!!! fanchanting to 'A Man in Love!'"
So uncomfortable how im sitting and thrs this man beside me tossing his head here and there
Robert Downey jr will alwyas be my fave actor omg hsbdbsbshdsh seriously iron man 3 was worth the wait
Iron man 3 :D RT ??twitterusername Can someone recommend me a great movie to watch right now? Bored to death...???
asides from Iron Man 3, next i want to watch badly will be #PainAndGain by twitterusername & twitterusername !
??twitterusername This man was kicked out of his country for being too handsome holy fuck twitterurl ikr wtf serious pathetic
when cool man Hyun Bin asked to act cute~~ it's awkward! Hyun Bin press conference 130426 Singapore twitterurl #HyunBinInSG
'highest HlV is at Kelantan' PAS is there.PAS kuat agama islam but HIV paling tinggi.what's that man?!
The girl who was watching running man just stood infront of me and her boobs haven't grown WTF -.-
??twitterusername grafa, disco roller blade at subang avenue, iron man 3 at beanieplex sunway pyramid ahhh overload excitedness??? fabulous bitch
Man hits 7-11 employee on head with broom after being told not to wash hands with ice twitterurl twitterurl
Now my baby dancing but she dancing with other man . My pride my ego ny need my selfish way #np
Omar Borkan Al Gala,the man who got kicked out of Saudi Arabia for being goodlooking. Ya habibie.... twitterurl
Jury visits April Jones's estate: The jury trying a man accused of murdering April Jones in a sexually motivat... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername aww man aku need it on 17 kk tkpa thanks bro!???nP , Uncleboy haven't 21 meh?
Ahhh i need my laptop and i left it inside the locker. Damn it! I want to watch running man!
Night too kak beby:)RT twitterusername I'm not SINGLE! I'm in a long distance relationship with a man (cont) twitterurl
New manager of man utd will be announced in 48 hours time. Wonder who'll be Sir Alex's successor hmm
Hmm funny ga yah wkwk "twitterusername we are 3 funny man right? twitterusername twitterusername and big boss twitterusername
fuyuan telling me all about how cool running man is, making me wanna rewatch all the old eps
Don't get to acting up no no no your man was trying be down with Team E lol
I'm all about my sisters man so please do not cross the line where my sister stand ???
You fucking with that bitch like you was fuckin with me??? man, fuck that bitch, she can't fuck with me!????
The other day wandi was jokin ard, sang When I was Your Man in malay. Surprisingly the chorus sedap gila!!
Wonder why Moyes is tipped for the hot seat at United... Cmon man he hasnt won anything at Everton lol
Police Dog Eats Suspects Hamster: Police in Oldham, England raided a man???s home on alleged drug charges, howev... twitterurl
Happy birthday to your daddy, rims :D RT twitterusername Happy birthday our beloved king, our most handsome man, dear ... twitterurl
Basically spent my night FaceTiming and watching Spider-Man two times in a row. I ain't complaining??
so cute! RELEASE STRESS TGK NI ?? RT twitterusername For you. HEHE twitterusername 'When I Was Your Man': twitterurl via twitterusername
[INFO] Channel U is now showing Running Man EPI 39, with guest Yoona & Sunny! Look at our "SHY" HAHA ? twitterurl
If dogs never existed, which animal would take its place as Man's Best Friend?... ??? Cats :D >_<' Cute man twitterurl
"twitterusername 130513 Running Man filming. Kim Soo Hyun, Lee Hyun Woo and Lee Kwang Soo. Pic via twitterusername [I] twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Death of wife inspires Singapore man to apply for trip to Mars - inSin... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
As happy a man as any in the world, for the whole world seems to smile upon me!
3-man space crew, including twitterusername returns safely to Earth after 146-day mission to the ISS twitterurl
Seriously, doesn't this man make you fall even deeper in love with him with each passing day? twitterurl
In the other Premier League match, Man City beat the already relegated Reading 2-0 at the Madjeski.
Currently watching a movie based on the true story of Man Utd's 1958 Munich air crash incident.
Cant wait for the one month holiday man, hahahah can we just skip the last week of school
Can't even eat what I want WTF. Not as if I eat every single fucking day man
[ST] Jobless man jailed nine months for slashing and hitting wife with table fan and flask: May 16,... twitterurl #singapore
Bitch im doin me u should be yo self I gotta get this money man its nothing else
We hear that a man was seriously injured after a #AudiFashionFestival archway fell on him yesterday. Did you witness this?
[CNA] Police appeal for information on missing elderly man: Police are appealing for information on... twitterurl #singapore
hahahah super super fun hanging out + ramen for the first time + iron man 3 with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
So bill gates is the richest man in the world again. I'm coming for the throne. Lol
Just to prevent her fren from falling, a lady dropped her phone... Right in between the leg of a man...
eric is my man ?? so therefore . if ah bitch look/touch him ? they better have they boxing gloves on
It's not funny anymore man. This is serious shit RT twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHAHA fuck off I (cont) twitterurl
If it wasn't really a prank.....i would be SOOOOO happy man.....but it is, so fuck it, *forever alone*
Ain't u excited?! =D RT twitterusername Running Man HaHa and Skull to hold first showcase in Singapore! Details: twitterurl
A man cries for help before dying while on a deportation flight twitterurl sometimes the British can be so callous!
Dear friends, Running Man & Art of Love will be back next Sunday. We apologise for any inconvenience caused!
66-year-old Tunisian man dies from new SARS-like virus after visit to Saudi Arabia twitterurl
awww okay!! See you bro ??"twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHAH! See you next week bro! Giving this week a miss man :("
I like wanto start to watch running man since time like this really got ntng to do .
NEW BLOGPOST: Today I tell you the story of a young Malaysian man living with HIV. Please read & share! twitterurl
omg hmm maybe mr lee has some financial problems thats why he cant pay block b?? Idk man :C
Sigh hope my combined elective is good :( it felt like I was doing the whole paper wrongly sigh man
OTL running man members wore M limited clothes on ep 146! no wonder it looks so familiar! :D
[YH!SG-FB] Have you seen the latest adrenaline pumping 'Man of Steel' trailer yet? General...: Have... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah, i'm fine! No worries! :) see ya tomorrow man! :)??? oryte.. Stay strong dude.. See you tomorrow.. :)
Amazing performance! I like her rendition of "When I was your man" Louisa needs to stay! #thefinal1sg
"There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your..." twitterurl
it's been a long time since "pretty boy" was used as BGM on running man... ever since joongki left :'(
With my late uncle... ): I miss him man. He can cruise a big ship. Aye aye capt #throwback  #captain twitterurl
Man i feel like im running to catch up with led apple kyu jjong zea spazzing that going on
Man Our Text Convo's Is Just Too Fucking Ridiculous twitterusername *Flips Hair *Drops Down And Gets Eagle On ??????????
aigooooo... my stomach! the latest Running Man epi jinjja hilarious! must watch! i really laughed out loud ?????? #fb
I can't stand to see somebody I used to talk to flirt with somebody else ?????????hoe shit man
THIS RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername I will take the two visuals okay! but dayum Kris is one fine man
No matter what I still have to face it. Why not just face it like a man !?!
Eventhough he was being rude spitting on the old man. But it looks like Ton n Jerry fighting. Lol.
"He rarely loses his temper, and never in public" - one of the few personas of a chivalrous man
just because of problems,want to change school? You're just running away from the problems man,it's still unsolved.
I dont think i can sleep now i wanna watch running man from the start ofw skip skip hahahah
Careful "twitterusername Oh shit! Second Bangladeshi man hit my car side mirror!! I'm not adjusting it this time! Scary!!"
I need to go print cereal boxes at sunshine plaza man why is it so far away god
[CNA] 45-year-old man arrested over loansharking activities: On Thursday, officers from Ang Mo Kio ... twitterurl #singapore
45-year-old man arrested over loansharking activities: On Thursday, officers from Ang Mo Kio Police Division w... twitterurl
#ShoutOut To Da Big Homie twitterusername Man, He's Another OG That Believes In Our Music  #WORK #DCMG
Indian food party on field tmr! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Hey no problem man! I'll bring more tomorrow haha
the only thing I remember is ifnt promoting man in love and me failing English for the first time
last day tgthr today. sigh. every 2 weeks have to split and make new friends. what the fuck man
Paknil twitterusername boley tlg RT x?tq.|.taip VS atau VS5 MAN ke 33399 tuk support  twitterusername twitterusername "twitterusername " #VersusMY
Thanks everybody for coming down and making this dinner a success. Love you all like a song man. Love?? twitterurl
Without Frank Lampard, confirm Wanye Rooney mati kutu! Because the Man United striker needs his Chelsea midfielder to support him!
Its all good man RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername sry ion even hve 1 2 spare ya lol!
Gtta do my school stuff today.  Man I don't feel like doing shit but sit here on my phone.
Man sentenced 3 years' jail, 4 strokes cane for molesting daughter: A father of three was sentenced on Tuesday... twitterurl
This man is Hu Yao Bang, an un-corrupted leader and popular reformer in China in the 1980s. \
#Singapore court sentences man to 3 yrs' jail, 4 strokes of cane for molesting his own daughter. twitterurl
Gotta stop having these kind of dreams man but??it???s uncontrollable tsk why oh why, FML
Fun Fact: Chiune Sugihara: This man saved 6000 Jews. He was a Japanese diplomat in Lithuania. When the Nazis... twitterurl
"twitterusername tip: dont trust anyone with bad pictures of u"THIS MAN. xiasuay photos posted on EN ???
Hais I can't use my FON cos my bill got cut off n relying on wifi really sucks man
Did he steal Kungfu Min's props? Bad 5yrs old RT twitterusername 130601 #SS5INADay1 - Iron Man Hae twitterurl  twitterurl ??
[ST] Police looking for man to assist investigations into shop theft at convenience store: June 05,... twitterurl #singapore
MAN OF STEEEEEL RT twitterusername Still counting down the days to Superman Unchained, Killjoys, and Batman/Superman...
??twitterusername Song Ji Hyo gifts the set of 'Running Man' with 200 servings of pizza twitterurl awww
so i told zac not to be late, but im late zz class starts at 9 man
[News] Man jailed, fined for unlicensed moneylending offences: A realty firm director has been handed a jail s... twitterurl
Yeah man, im done with Econs notes! Shall nap awhile wake up read thru and do papers later ! ??
Oh man twitterusername resigned?? he was just about the only thing good about P1. Best of luck wherever you go
"twitterusername H&M is not only opening in JEM but also vivo city and suntec city. Good business man."
I feel so jealous looking at couples on twitter, damn why y'all must be so sweet man haha
??twitterusername Running Man Ep 150 filming pics with 2PM Taecyeon, Chansung and Choo Sung Hoon <The Avengers> [O]\
"twitterusername What is so attention seeking about people tweeting out their feelings? It's their twitter man." This
Bump into twitterusername at Masjid Sultan Abu Bakar just now, good luck on your practical today man, all the best :)
The man interviewing Djibril Cisse is my maternal uncle [Kwaku Ofosu-Asare]...It runs in the family (sports)
Giving you your account back twitterusername I don't like you. p/s: I don't have man part. ktnxbye.
MT twitterusername Fiftyfive???s new swanky boutique is just brimming with the dapper man???s paraphernalia: twitterurl
My dad gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, the man believed in me.
when my sister ask me "what is wrong w you" I be wanting to punch her ass. on everything man
I'm better off asleep man these ideas are not to be shared with those of sound mind.
Using religious issues to bait me on ask.fm (I gotta give it to you man, you have brains)
[News] Singaporean man found dead in Johor Bahru farm: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs says its Consulate-Gene... twitterurl
Like what is that? RT twitterusername As a man you can't have a pink cellphone cover. You just can't.
10 pieces of dress from #Qoo10. Awesome man. Just some simple dress. Like going sleep pj sia hahahaha.?? twitterurl
omar borkan al-gala omfg he is such a dashing man. way better than justin and all Jewish people lol
Boyce Avenue & Fifth Harmony's cover of When I Was Your Man oh my gosh ok not bad
Do you get in clubs by opening bottles? ??? no man i'm a poor son of a bitch. twitterurl
Baru tau? Chey takla just kidding ??twitterusername Cause sometimes i really think i look so man. Meeh.???
I cant miss this! Going to be awesome!"twitterusername 'Running Man' releases next week's preview featuring the Avengers! twitterurl
Bedok, you need to step up on your ghettoness man. Woodlands is on the peak. hahahah. kay kidding ah.
Human and Cylon ride is the best man!! #uss #human #cylon #ride #red #blue #fun #best #sg twitterurl
Yea Jordan was great but now LeBrons great everybody have a fucked up game get off the man dick shit!
Otw to school. Idk how long will I take to reach school man. Dafug! (@ SAF Seaview Resort) twitterurl
[CNA] Police appeal for information in outrage of modesty case: Police are looking for a man to hel... twitterurl #singapore
Man Trying To Rob Peope Waiting To Buy Sneakers Got Fatally Shot By Customer twitterurl via twitterusername
Said it once, said it twice, and im gonna keep saying it. Just caaaaant deny the truth man.
Haah donut"twitterusername Thiago Alcantara joins Man United and announces it on his Facebook Wall. SEE HERE >>> twitterurl
Gonna spend my night watching running man yayyy tomorrow my night shift so tonight can sleep lambat
When a man sees you wearing very revealing clothes, he'll usually assume you don't have anything else going for you.
Trayvon Martin was a marked man: The court was prevented from considering the real issue at play - racial prof... twitterurl
BREAKING: Moyes rules out Rooney leaving Manchester United. "Wayne's not for sale. He'll remain a Man United player." #MUFC
Cb seriously where is it? Impossible man. Idk why I'm tweeting when I'm better off looking for it.
Armed man in stand-off with police at Chai Chee flat detained after 5 hours twitterurl #Singapore
OMG running man with shinhwa ep 161 is one of the best in recent eps omg damn freaking exciting
I really dunno how i lost 5 game straight with shah on fifa !! . He become hebat man !
Learning hw to make bento + cook jap eggs at this hr. Kns what is this man doing to me.
Not like anymore most likely to care Aussie lost the Poms in the Ashes white wash man
these stories make me feel that I can't trust any man at all. not even my dad. yup. hah.
Bad luck man. Going home tomorrow and accidentally touched wet paint. FUCK! Going home with some paint tomorrow
holyshit, all these vampires siao one. dance in sunlight, dance with a dead man she just drained. lolwhy.
The upcoming issue of twitterusername mentioning abt Running Man SG fanmeet in Oct will be out this Sunday, 25 August!
MA GAWD.... Running Man pls faster come out ep153 leh.... i wan Park JiSung and Evra GRRR
So blur till i peel off my counter partner's ip5 screen protector out. Save me man. Haha
I'm trying man"twitterusername "twitterusername Cold blooded"twitterusername Tee my nigga tho but shes an..... twitterurl thru it"
anyway... man of the race: JORGE LORENZO!!!!! :) good job dude!!! you need to do another surgery :p
What are your plans for tomorrow?:) ??? dunno man might be meeting gay yaps but he's sick so idk twitterurl
Football: Man City's Carlos Tevez set to join Italian champions Juventus in deal possibly worth $26.4 million twitterurl
fairness ? does not govern life and death. if it did, no good person would ever die young. ~ The blue man.
You see you can't just play with people's feelings, tell them you love them oh man.. Don't mean it
[Y!] Man assaulted for trying to stop child from urinating in Shanghai???s subway: In another subway ... twitterurl #singapore
mom didn't allow me to go out omg fuck you man aku da buat chores semua omg
Eh abang sapau handsome! Happy birthday Marah! Enjoy your day see you soon please miss you man! twitterusername
"twitterusername [RAW] Running Man E162 Opening : Girls Day Minah , Yura and Jaesuk  twitterurl (cr as youtube simhy4)"
the man who cant be moved. ??twitterusername Going back to the corner where I first saw you...???
Instead of dempa coming for AFA.. i hope they conduct a one man live like kpp or perfume.
??twitterusername See How Elon Musk Is Building The 'Iron Man' Lab With Tech You Can Buy (Video) twitterurl #HowCoolIsThat???
Fight on Causeway: Driver bumps man with car after he got out to snap pic twitterurl twitterurl
can i just say that the power of love can change a dying man into an underwear model? no?
I'll Handle You, Let Me Dance For You, I Might Be Thinking Bout Leaving My Man For You
Do you think you're hot ? ??? No man think I'm a bag of bones with skin haha twitterurl
Shaving my balls at 3 in the morning maybe a bad idea. Might just shave my dick off man.
saw a man sitting at the corner holding a calculater which i thought firstly was an iphone. #lol
I never would actually go out with a bun but idk man, today my hair good. hahah
Panda News: Local digest: Panda may be pregnant, Man found shot in burning apartment - Washington Post: Local ... twitterurl
YEAHHH! RT twitterusername indeed man :p RT twitterusername day of single. eid of single must be fucking awesome!
Barcelona say that man utd should stop disrupting their player, bit rich coming from a Spanish club #football
Nobody wants to see you be the man so they mos def not gone help you make it there ..
Awesome! :)) RT twitterusername twitterusername I???m happy with my current man. And he knows too. Taking baby steps.
Football: Man Utd manager Moyes snaps at reporters after being questioned over future of unsettled striker Rooney twitterurl
Lol why ppl do z1 z4 z10 gt ns man. I do dun hav? Need go temple pray. #Badluckstan
My favorite Breaking Bad character (besides Walt) is definitely Gus Fring. That man was a straight up genius
[ST] Man pleads guilty to vandalising Cenotaph war memorial, sentencing on Aug 26: August 12, 2013 ... twitterurl #singapore
Basically, to sum it up, I was sleeping the whole day today. Should have made a slumber party man
Man uses newspaper to hide groping of girl on Shanghai subway For more on this story: twitterurl  twitterurl
"twitterusername I feel you~ RT"twitterusername Bobby has no class, Bobby is a free man...."" What a great today
"The man told her Atef had been given the option of converting to Islam, but had refused.\
Can u not act an old man monkey leader??!!! God sakes u only 24!! twitterusername ....but cute tho ???????????????
Great. I've met a lot and wanting more.. RT twitterusername the man who tweet and meet his followers\
Work lah guys. When wanna get rich man. Lol. OCK for dinner. #neednewshoesman #shldtrygetNB okay no. twitterurl
PRC man insults Singaporeans and threatens to kill Singaporean uncle if he ever goes to China twitterurl
Super annoying man . Starts to do hw and you started shouting and bro laughing so loud . Noisy studying environment
Jamie Oliver 'I'm trying to be a better dad': TV chef explains why he's a changed man twitterurl via twitterusername
Goodmorning twitterusername and goodluck in becoming an ns man. Thanks for spending your last day with a pink?? twitterurl
Wadthepink, 14 stops to jurong east.. Still have to take bus.. Woah wat time will I reach home man
seriously, only by watching ALL the episodes can one truly appreciate and value the running man family :D
Learn Bookkeeping in 7 Days - Don't Fear the Tax Man - Learn Bookkeeping in 7 Days: Don't... twitterurl
I Really Thank God For twitterusername Man, He's Really Helping Me Build A New Sound Production Wise!! #AMAZING #DCMG
Comment #34. What. I'm getting the creeps, man. RT twitterusername Japanese Netizens react to Akanishi Jin's comeback twitterurl
Haikal was the youngest footballer I've interviewed so far. Anyway, congrats for bagging four goals young man twitterusername :) #FrenzUnited
??twitterusername Caught the last bus 12 with twitterusername we running man all .??? Lucky we chiong sia hahaahhahah good timing ~
Carrying a box of redheads from RPRC to E23 with a wavy backpack is not funny man.
[News] Man pleads guilty to culpable homicide for stabbing woman: A full-time national serviceman who was faci... twitterurl
Cause a charging bull always looks at the red cape, not at the man with the sword.
Good thing I'm not a hoe ??twitterusername Man I promise yal hoes dnt kno wat yal want !!!!!!!???
wah sian la my sister watch the cooking tutorials thats it man fly me to japan now noW NOWW
Like, shit man?? I've been trying to numb myself this whole time when it's actually been affecting them. I'm horrid.
[News] Online prostitution syndicate mastermind pleads guilty to offences: A man who was one of the mastermind... twitterurl
Cute cabbie. He was telling me.. "??? ????????????????????????????????? ??????" hahahah God bless this nice man and grant us the?? twitterurl
Goaaaallll! Beautiful free kick by Wayne Rooney! Man United equalize 1-1 now! Come lads! Score more goals! #GGMU
The things that I'm looking forward to tonight: dinner, rest, running man, sashimi, yami yoghurt, sleep #tgif
Lmboo Man, see ??twitterusername "Kanye, we don't like the woman you've become." twitterusername you gots to chill. I. Am. Dyingggggg.???
"twitterusername I want to watch sudden. But apparently running man is more interesting. Hmm. :/" last episode le!!!!
wa HF no joke RT twitterusername Japanese man gets 7 years' jail for slipping corrosive poison into colleague's shoes twitterurl
Honestly, I stalk twitterusername almost everyday omg #confession hahahah YOU'RE AN ANGEL MAN SO BLESSED AND LUCKY
Konje I need a date ?(??? ?????")??  RT twitterusername My man there better be free booz at yo wedding twitterusername
"twitterusername Aku happy giler dpt msg dri childhood friend saying running man will be coming to jp." Seriously ?
my ovaries is literally shooting out bullets SO PAIN FK U GUYS MAN I WANNA PLUCK U GUYS OUT SERIOUSLY
Thats ma man! So freakin awesome, damn??twitterusername Feedback ft. Mellblack - Awak Ni Apala Yakan with twitterusername twitterurl
Back from walking around the estate with lantern together with my little man..  his paper lantern was burnt...
Too bad I cannot watch Man United's first UCL match. Working in the morning tmr. Damn. Oh well,  good?? twitterurl
Yall niggas are killing me with this drake album first yall dawgin the man now yall on his dick smh
Why aren't Man Utd defence getting hard tackles in? They are just like only holding them off.
Ill be waiting for 2nd half, cause thats when it usually gets interesting. Man U somehow energetic gila
We all know that Man U is a great team & this is NOT their playing style. This is Moyes'...
I would wear my onitsukas tmr but shit man can't hide the ankle socks cfm die de
Confirm case my dad is crying at home cause he's a DIE HARD fan of Man United
Man who stole a gold bracelet and sparked off a dramatic chase sentenced to 5 years??? corrective training twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername Yeah thanks man i will kill all animals that try to attack me hahaha kidding. Byebye (:"
changmin was training for badminton in japan during time concert no wonder he looked so tired CRAZY MAN
Myzan need to fly here now. Like not cool man. If police start screening, imma flip T_T
I just saw an old man peeing in the drain. Not the sight I want to see.
IKR! RAWRRRR!! RTtwitterusername twitterusername wtf man!!! I'm pretty sure everyone was singing along to hustlin hustlin and crab crab crab!!!
Best club in the world is Afghanistan,they drop the beat every hour man. Baam baam bam BAM BAAM bam
I don't know hy but the song Little Talk by Of Monster And Man is humming in my mind.
[News] Man jailed 9 months for taking upskirt videos of women: A former logistics officer at Centrepoint Shopp... twitterurl
seeing this china man in front of me dancing to infiniti cinta.. hahahahahaha definitely made me smile la ahpek.
yep a real man RT ??twitterusername A real boyfriend will tell hoes that he has a girlfriend.???
[News] Man jailed two months for slashing wife's lover: A production worker from China who caught his wife che... twitterurl
Was in a good mood all e way till I saw ur face in mie notification. Major turn off man !
Man allegedly tries to flee without paying taxi fare -- but is stopped by this hero twitterurl twitterurl
You play your guitar and sing infront of hundred of thousands,you got your life together man.
yes roma pasti menang "twitterusername Ooh man i can't wait for BIG MATCH tonight, FC Internazionale vs AS Roma. Fiuuuyyyhhh"
Watch video of man who gets stopped by bystander after trying to flee without paying taxi fare twitterurl twitterurl
Ended doing math cus theres too much for physics. Love doing maths :))) but screw the careless mistakes man haha.
Just how much I've been wanting to leave this country man like really im being crius here
Man strips in public to prove to wife his penis is big enough! twitterurl via twitterusername Kong
Name some pretty girls on twitter ??? I think I got like at least 30 girls man. :-( twitterurl
Shit i cant go on being this gay and horny till my 40s man, when do i stop
Why the fk are people singing happy birthday in the toilet man im just hiding here in the cubicle
Oh man the guy who kept doing math papers in the queue you made me so stressed out
Citizen Journalism Awards Month 2: Heroes take down man who allegedly took upskirt pics of woman in lift twitterurl twitterurl
#1.12 I'm damn happy you're my good friend man. Through CCA and recess. I hope we don't drift apart EVERRRRRR
1730 bangun, siap, jumpa Mummy at BB at 2000. Then off to CQ to meet my A, my bday man!
Hugging the man who, just a few months ago, called his ethnic Chinese citizens a "tsunami" (negative connotations)
ONE TV ASIA will air the Running Man episode feat. DAESUNG, GD & SEUNGRI tonight at 11.45pm SGT.
"twitterusername Every metal head's brain twitterurl blink 182.. all time low... green day...? thats not even close to metal man
Think im 5 minutes faster such an awesome run man was singing my ass off to the songs
This man frm the side look like my late dad sia. Shock nak mampos! Thot i was seeing things!
Why would one torture oneself when he can easily reach out for happiness? Thats just sad man. #iwishyouluck
Panda News: Panda Knife Tree - Gamasutra: Panda Knife TreeGamasutraPanda Knife Tree is a two man independent g... twitterurl
I don't know how bad this coming season might become HT: Cerezo Osaka 1-0 Man Utd
Fucking sleepy. Can't wait for th shift to end. Head home to watch Running Man and sleep!
Saudi man weighing 610kg was forklifted to hospital for medical treatment to reduce his weight twitterurl twitterurl
There may be lots of shit going on in this country that I'm ashamed of, but, it's home, man.
#OnlyinJapan RT twitterusername Man jumps onto car of wife's underwear thief; holds on for 2.5 kilometers - twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername Will do bro ^^ Thx!! Insyallah:) You too keep rapping man??? damn I'm in between RnB and rap! :)
Man jailed nine weeks for planning to steal cough syrup from a clinic in Bishan twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Alltop RSS > Ad Agency Creates Hilarious Image Campaign of a Man Doing Interesting Things with Kr... twitterurl #photography
Fuck you"twitterusername Nah. RT twitterusername Y'all think that I'll find a man if I get off Twitter or nah?"
In lifeskill class with a China woman giving us a talk about finance. Asians gonna be Asians man
The other class girl so fking fierce keep shouting and made my balls shrink man bloody roaring lion
Ugly man like was mean to be like this . And stop gossiping about my life . Thank you .
Is there something wrong with the video in running man new ep 163? The scene keep repeating
We have all been blessed by the life and achievements of this brilliant man. Happy Birthday Lee Kuan Yew!
The standard of commercial male models is dropping man. Braun Buffel's one looks like a retarded guttersnipe.
Call me slow.. But I just got twitterusername Different Man album!! And it's freakin dope! On repeat yo!!!
Hate people who find me only when they need something from me, fuck you man, just die
No matter how long you bath you won't get any prettier. Now get the fuck out of the toilet man.
lost my compass lost my school badge lost my ruler lost two pens wtf man where do they disappear to
SO FAST?! "twitterusername Subbing updates for Running Man Episode 163. 12 minutes left for translations. #runningman twitterurl
Cannot wait for the shut down man. I will fucking celebrate problem-free and twat-free days!
IDK man, you don't call several times then just hang up when you feel like it, pls stop it you ???
Thank you twitterusername you're the man: ISA?? it???s back, say opposition lawmakers - The Malaysian Insider twitterurl
oh man nvr expect the princess used the screenshot that i shown her on her blog lol...
time to go for my shoot and gym later :) oh man 2 more weeks of holidays left
Too tired to continue my report, shall do it in the afternoon. Sigh, cant wait to get this done man.
"twitterusername twitterusername she's my model man. We used to work together. What's wrong bro?" Fuck you go away lah fag
[CNA] Man jailed for taking upskirt photos of woman at MRT station: A steersman has been sentenced ... twitterurl #singapore
Cuzzie living the life man, 8K per month and I won't say she's getting paid to work, so slacky!!!
A man who allegedly used a toy gun to commit robbery has been charged in court twitterurl twitterurl
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Dash Berlin feat Cerf, Mitiska & Jaren - Man On The Run (Andy Duguid Remix)
To the man who spits on ladies, _l_ BODOH. Kau stress ke mabok ke mengamok, kau memang uncivilised. Seriously. -_-
[TRE] Man spits at 2 ladies in Woodlands Interchange: A spitting incident at the Woodlands Intercha... twitterurl #singapore
Man fined for criminal intimidation and causing hurt: A cargo specialist has been fined S$5,000 for criminal i... twitterurl
British man can't go anywhere without being made fun of -- because his name is Harry Potter twitterurl twitterurl
If I'm a singer, I wouldn't sing in the middle of the field. Think about the acoustics man.
HAHAHAH fuck man we so need to fifa at marcus's house after your O's twitterusername twitterusername and pa-cunt
Man found dead at foot of Boon Lay block as fire rages in his 10th storey flat twitterurl twitterurl
War News Updates > Meet The 92-Year-Old Man Who Works In The Pentagon Basement Dreaming About Future Wars: \
It 2.26am now! I have to wake up at 9am to go market to fix my button. Damn it man.
Even if we argue and all I still love my girlfriend I mean come on man I wanna marry her.
Why you & your voice soooo cuteeeee like baby ! Ahaha... ??? HAHAHAHAHA! the only handsome pau man tht says this i... twitterurl
Better start preparing for Q&A while doing I&R.... man should have thought of that earlier T.T
if running man exo aired on november 10th, jawab nye bulan december la baru kuar kat one hd., ye x?
What a tiring and a crazy mrng shift. Like i dont deserve this before my long leave man.
[News] Man jailed for attacking three others in party brawl: A former banker was sentenced to 18 months??? jail ... twitterurl
A lady wouldn't want the world to know how a freak she is but only her man. ???
Man, 2014 is going to look great and sound great with new records from twitterusername and twitterusername
I got a full beard man...think I might keep it for a min...then again I might not.
Man smacks mother of 1 on the butt as she buys food for son at Killiney Road coffee shop twitterurl
Some drivers totally not patience when the pedestrains is crossing as the green man lights up. Totally damn annoying.
Do you know Gdragon? ??? Ya i think the korea boy right i watch running man so i know twitterurl
Certainly gonna buy The Class of 92 DVD.Not Man Utd fan but it's football and there's DAVID BECKHAM!
#LittleIndiaRiot: Deceased man involved in fatal accident was drunk and behaving inappropriately when he boarded bus #sgriot
The problem for man utd right now is not David Moyes. It's the passing accuracy and the challenges.
Their faces. you can see how dissapointed the fans are, they have no idea what is wrong with Man United.
You are two beautiful people, now teamed as a man and a wife. Congratulations #illaaiman #wedding twitterurl
i need you to make yourself free for Captain America,the winter soldier ,and The Amazing Spider-Man 2
Add me man: daryldavis RT twitterusername You know you're up really late once you don't see anyone online playing DOTA.
But David Moyes was never the right man 4 the job in the 1st place. #MUFC twitterusername
So is Bus driver knocked down an Indian man, all the people avenging and overturn a police car too. LOL
Hah kan! RT twitterusername Breaking: Man suspected to be alleged Anonymous hacker "Messiah" is driven into Subordinate Courts by police.
Man charged with hacking into Sun Ho's blog, ST blog, AMK Town Council and PCF websites twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername WTF SG you take away Singaporeans' freedom and now the cats' too? Bullshit man twitterurl Cats want freedom too
Idw to have a huge pimple on my chin during prom night. Wtf man urgh. Stupid pimples
Man charged with hacking into Sun Ho's blog, ST blog, AMK Town Council and PCF websites remanded at IMH\
Watch out now man. Can't be bothered to be nice or even try anymore. Not even worth it.
Man charged with hacking into Sun Ho's blog, ST blog, AMK Town Council and PCF websites twitterurl  twitterurl
NORMALLY DIED IN THIS PART "twitterusername [HD] [ENG SUB] 131110 SBS Running Man - EXO Lay Cuts twitterurl
Awww thanks bro :) love you larh SIALL :) ??? hahahaha! love you too man! hope to see you next year! :) twitterurl
Where ???twitterusername I'm white RT twitterusername I think I want one too. ??twitterusername K I want a white man??????
Search and rescue operation ongoing for man who went missing while surfing off the coast of Changi this afternoon twitterurl
.twitterusername is posting aerial pics of Thai landmarks using his CAMERA-EQUIPPED DRONE. Is there anything this man cannot do?!
Watching running man in the room with the girls. What a way to spend the first night in thailand
War News Updates > Saudi Arabia Urges It's Citizens To Leave Lebanon: A man walks past Lebanese Army soldiers ... twitterurl
"twitterusername It takes more to be a man than just buffing up yr and abs.pity you" armpit hair juga penting
fuck man my heart stops everytime i see kris' face you don't do this to me okaaay
Fuck that Tamago. I love to eat tamago sushi man. I can't see it the same way I tell you
Nissan Leaf owner arrested for stealing electricity: Atlanta man plugged in at sonand#8217;s school: File this... twitterurl
Life is so boring right now it's been home and school for the past few days wtf man
"Be women, not bitches, hoes, or sluts. You are God's gift to man, not a tool to fulfill lust."
Hearing different kind of songs really made my mood went up and down in a second man
In primary 3 I thought I was skinny, I looked in the mirror and I got man titties.
(cont'd) I feel increasingly tired to catch the numerous lemons thrown at me. I feel like resigning man. :-/ #Tiredness #Obstacles
I play last man and right wing you don't wanna date me ah ??? I date linesman twitterurl
War News Updates > Are U.S. Concerns On China's Wireless Telecom Deal With South Korea Justified?: A man looks... twitterurl
West Brom starting XI v Man City: Myhill, Reid, McAuley, Olsson, Ridgewell, Yacob, Brunt, Amalfitano, Morrison, Berahino, Long
[Y!] Singapore stalker pleads guilty to harassing US singer for 6 years: A 38-year-old man pleaded ... twitterurl #singapore
Was Onew drunk or what? He's so cute hugging that man lol and who is that guy?   twitterurl
Happy Great birthday to a really great man in the middle there twitterusername ! I dont have to emphasize on?? twitterurl
Stoke starting line up vs Man United. Begovic; Cameron, Shawcross, Huth, Pieters; Walters, Palacios, Ireland, Nzonzi, Arnautovi??; Crouch
If you the Kenyan man who does not drink/smoke or party, your choices of fun are really limited
i dont really mind whatever thats going to happen. whatever happens, happens man. i've always been trying my very best
Man Utd players are trying too hard to play but they can't cos they don't seem motivated enough.
Watching over last nights footage. .  Certain man *cough cough* twitterusername getting standing ovations frm the crowd #LoveHouse
"twitterusername twitterusername gotta pass on that man but tell your friend I said goodluck for later :)" twitterusername
??twitterusername An #Aries woman can get along without a man easier than any female you'll ever meet.???
I can see my man won't let me go. No matter how bad i am, he'll never leave.
JUST IN: Police have arrested the 47-year-old man involved in the ??spitting incident??? at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl
Police nab man allegedly involved in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange: October 24, 2013 11:43 AMPoli... twitterurl
[ST] Police nab man allegedly involved in spitting incident at Woodlands Interchange: October 24, 2... twitterurl #singapore
"When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite." - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
[ST] Man jailed for threatening and hurting wife: October 28, 2013 12:11 PMA lorry driver who threa... twitterurl #singapore
Runninf Man Ep 170 is talking about Wizard of Oz. I don't remember got Dorothy and Toto leh!
I shall sleep early and watch man utd vs real sociedad  later 3.45am , study then off to scg
There were two crazy murderers, an old woman and an old man. And my throat got sliced.....
I love Atiqah man. Like I literally love her. Mcm nk kiss kt cheeks. Hug. Slamdown. Rembat. Tumbok. Hehe.
A Thai man has died while talking on his charging iPhone, the police suspect: twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
If only Singapore actively engages in ??????. I watch Running Man but don't understand the rules at all.
It's so cold outside man... My knee acting crazy right now. It doesn't do well with the seasonal changes
Man snaps multiple photos of woman on train -- but doesn't realise his own picture is being taken twitterurl
#987JayParkMe Man I ain't no psychic but you bet I'm next. Yeah don't get it twisted like a contortionist.
??twitterusername Florida Man Arrested For Dealing Oxycodone; May Lose Job as Town???s Mayor | twitterurl Did??did Doug move already?
Ho! Ho! Hold on! Massachusetts mall Santa charged with groping coworker: BOSTON (Reuters) - A man who worked a... twitterurl
Neh. RT twitterusername Ladies do you find something wrong with kissing your man after he eat you????
By the way, Man U cruised into knockout stage by thrashing Leverkusen 5:0! 40 unbeaten UEFA games\
Man caught taking photos of girl on train -- and he doesn't just stop at 5 twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
2 more hours to my flight home. i miss everyone so bad man @ Dubai International Airport (DXB) ????????? twitterurl
Telling someone depressed to cheer up is like asking a blind man to look on the bright side.
Don't ask me how best man holiday went ima tell you & fuck it up for u lol
I'm so going to the 2 degree ice art! So freaking cool! Wanna spend my birthday there man!!!!!!!!
Fuk man im hungry dis lady aint cook and i just came from work outs and. I got class
Extract so slow..? Oh great how much longer must o stay up? I planned to sleep man damn
"twitterusername If it was like gpimg to emd I will push yoy off man watxh it" drunk alert
Worst part is when the parents just ignore them. Like hey- take care of your god damn kids man.
Big guy? My ding a ling is big too ??? Good for you and your future man. ;) twitterurl
I'm not moviiiinnnnggg...*nyanyi di deket peron sambil duduk sila* ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
So glad that I have got the weekend to catch up with The Heirs and Running Man(:
[News] Cleaner who attacked three men jailed, caned: A man who attacked three others outside a cineplex at Orc... twitterurl
[CNA] Man gets 5 years' corrective training for stabbing fellow ex-inmate: A former delivery assist... twitterurl #singapore
got your back jun! :) they see you rollin' they hatin'~ ??? Thanks man! I REALLY appreciate this,thank you. :'-) twitterurl
If got time, will do trainspotting :) . Man, its been long time i didn't do trainspotting in SMRT Trains :D
[CNA] Man suspected of stealing TV sets from coffee shops arrested: Police have arrested a 47-year-... twitterurl #singapore
Man Utd starting lineup: De Gea; Smalling, Vidic, Evans, Evra; Valencia, Jones, Carrick, Kagawa; Rooney, van Persie #MUFC
Good 1st half. Keep the guards up lads. Anything can happen during 2nd half. In Man U we trust lor!
Woooohooo! I made my friend who actually hates kpop even running man he doesn't want to watch. Well?? twitterurl
Fcking china man hugging the pole in the mrt.. Where am i suppose to hold on to?! Ur fcking nose?!
Man.. People in sg seriously needa let loose and be open. Its just a freaking hug you damn it. Gosh.
Oh yeh ...go off to check twitterusername new hair.....and man his laugh is sooo funny twitterusername
??twitterusername I know right ??twitterusername OMG Paul Walker really died?!! He was so hot man .. #RIP?????? He's not dead lmao
What is your most played song? ??? wrecking ball, cinta tak mungkin berhenti, when i was your man twitterurl
a 60 y/o man switched at birth could've been living a rich life instead of poverty. so sad.
Awww man the magnum store at vivo is moving to another place... This means no more ice cream after work :(
Nick Cheung has massive respect for Thai female co-star -- who used to be a man twitterurl  twitterurl
Why is everyone looking at me man .____. Is there something on my forehead? Huh huh huh huh huh
#Thailand #protest: 1 man shot dead, more injured. Pic of anti-Govt Black Shirt attacking b... twitterurl via twitterusername
Ridhaufi. He's the man. My brother, my mentor and also my dearest captain. Since day one he's always?? twitterurl
Python swallows drunk man photo  circulating >2 years, attributed to incidents in 5 countries and variety of people: twitterurl
First Heirs. Then Medical Top Team. Now Man From Another Star. What next? 1-SM-idol-per-drama quota???????
Trending on my TL: 1) Man crush Monday 2) Game 163 3) New Orleans Saints....government shutdown? who cares?
"Guardiola is a fantastic coach. But as a human, he's a coward. He's no man". That's harsh, Zlatan!
Man sentenced to 3yrs jail, 3 strokes for molesting 2 girls that looked like his online girlfriend twitterurl
Saudi man gets 10-year jail and 2,000 lashes for dancing in public twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Wait Till We Break Out That Country Record! . . . We Not 808 Based Producers Man, The TakeOver Is SERIOUS!! #DCMG
Tomorrow last day of Rolling Stock Department. Man, so fast time flies. Hands on a bit also can.
Sitting on train beside married couple. Whenever man counts, he needs to use all his fingers repeatedly. It's disturbing.
??twitterusername What the fuck lol RT twitterusername OH RM means running man.. I thought people talking about Malaysia currency..???
My mood literally changed whenever I see happy couples. OMFG WHEN CAN I BE LIKE BOTH OF YOU MAN?!
Are you at the Running Man fan meeting venue yet? Come & take photos with the standees! #RunningManinSG twitterurl
It's time for the Running Man members' special performances, first up is Suk Jin with I SWEAR!!! #RunningManinSG
Beijing 'airport bomber' gets 6 years in prison: A Beijing court has sentenced a wheelchair-bound man, who set... twitterurl
The emcee is asking the fans to cheer for each of the Running Man members once more! #RunningManInSG
jurong point was so fucking crowded. didnt know there was so many running man fans in sg!!!
Running Man Cast Brings 'Boys Over Flowers' To Singapore Fan Meeting; Successfully Concludes The... twitterurl via twitterusername
Man United's Patrice Evra could be on his way out from the reigning champions next summer due to personal reasons.
I posted 20 photos on Facebook in the album "Running Man "Race Start" in Singapore Autograph & Fan Meeting" twitterurl
#0506 nice dp bro haahha. Love how we always have so many common topics. See you soon man! :)
Old man sitting beside me while taking blood pressure: AIYO XIAO MEIMEI U ALSO HBP? SO YOUNG!\
I really like ppl in my work place man. Haha. Can I work forever?  No feel study already. Joking.
Tbh I think you use the word,"bro" a lot but no worries it's cool man !! twitterusername
Kim Jong Kook's first song is One Man~ and fans are swaying along to his wonderful vocals! #RunningManinSG
Arsenal and Chelsea fans extremely happy. Liverpool fans a little bit disappointed. Man Utd fans swearing the manager.
"twitterusername Adult man spends near 100 grand on plastic surgeries to look like his idol, Justin Bieber twitterurl even close
NASCAR fan dies while camping at Talladega: Authorities believe a gas leak killed the man: Talladega County au... twitterurl
Man believed to have escaped from Tan Tock Seng found lying on the road and drunk twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername Singaporean man jailed for having sex with an underage girl who is now his wife twitterurl
Singaporean man jailed for having sex with an underage girl who is now his wife twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Pretty Man scored a 2.9% rating. Finally a drama that scored a lower rating than my beloved Blade and Petal.
[CNA] 'Subway Samurai' detained after scaring passengers: A man dressed in what appeared to be samu... twitterurl #singapore
Man, we used to talk almost everyday last year. Then I realized: Hey, I got better shit to do
I as a fucking man BEGGED on my knees but recieved nth nice in the end. i should just die
[CNA] 'Subway Samurai' arrested after scaring passengers: A man was arrested for bringing a samurai... twitterurl #singapore
Friend: eh lok aku lupa terusannya, when a man loved a woman, he would...? | me : fuck? | friend : .....
Man handed record S$41,000 fine for illegally keeping 32 wild animals in HDB flat twitterurl twitterurl
A man who's experienced rags to riches reminding me that the best place is still somewhere in between.
A 70-year-old man was found unconscious on the MRT track between Tanah Merah and Expo yesterday twitterurl
Police are looking at CCTV footage of the MRT station where a man was found unconscious near the tracks. twitterurl
Every ns man will be booking in today. What they dont knw is that i booked in yesterday.
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.
Hoping the career briefing later goes well and I LIVE THE JOB CAUSE THE PAY IS GOOD MAN
Haha!!! Finally Man City beaten at home after a long run & of all players, Ivanovic who scored...
All geared up for Valentine's Day? Man sports a heart-shaped hairdo twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
He who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of the pain of being a man
Hahahah 'are u a sergeant? Cuz you make my privates stand at attention' wtf man my classmates hahahhaa
Thanks man! ??twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday dude!!! Have a blissful one and god bless you.  See ya soon!!???
What is your favorite non-social networking website? ??? kengsub!!! my second life is right there man twitterurl
The man took a picture of my ear to put on the website it was so awkward
'Women are considered fragile but I???ve never seen anything as easily wounded as a man???s ego'
The only man who is always willing to do anything for me.. my last valentine.. ??? :) #valentinesday?? twitterurl
I got the feeling she either careless drop it or lose it. Plus its cost freaking loads of money man.
[News] Man jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe SCDF officer: A businessman has been sentenced to three mon... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe SCDF officer: A businessman has been sentenced to... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe SCDF officer: A businessman has been sentenced to three months' ja... twitterurl
Love Story: I gave up my job in Shanghai and came to S'pore for the man I love   twitterurl twitterurl
All lecturers should just record their own voice and put in ppts man. Then just go school for tuts.
A strong man can handle a strong woman. A weak one will say she has an attitude.
lol a muslim cleric was arrested in aus for marrying a 26yearold man with a 12yearold girl
Running man new ep quite boring except for the wood chopping and when the members totally forgot about sukjin. HAHA
Seeing my bestfs receive their results makes me rethink how i've done for my o levels. Scary man
This Dude twitterusername Just Sent Me Another $MA$H!! I Swear Dis My Runnin Mate Man! #DreamTeam #DCMG #THECURE
Sunderland vs Man United at 3.45am. I'm still hopeful for United despite them breaking the wrong records.
A man was killed in China after receiving boxes of shoes that had become contaminated with toxic chemicals. twitterurl
yesterday and today was so damn busy that I did not even have time to go toilet. high tide man
[News] Man probed for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks: Police are investigating a 22-year-old ma... twitterurl
A 22-year-old man is probed for making racist remarks as "Heather Chua" on Facebook twitterurl twitterurl
Man gets run over on by race horses after starting gate opened while he was there twitterurl twitterurl
Fuck man. Laptop repairing then have to wait for it to finish. Another 1 or 2 hours. Zzzzzzz.
"Where da hoes at you got em all slide sum" said the man who got all the hoes.
Dumb? Hardly: Canadian comic reveals himself as man behind "Dumb Starbucks" coffee shop in LA twitterurl twitterurl
Wait a minute, a traffic cop stopped a car only to find the driver is my man twitterusername \
Ah man Starbucks coffee really is swill. Dollar for Dollar you can get so much better in Singapore.
Been watching running man from episode 1 all the way to the latest episode. 182 i think.
"Would you take a leap of faith, or to be an old man filled with regret, waiting to die alone?"
OMG Jerry Springer is killin me man. Thanks to twitterusername and Irfan I'm addicted. New source of entertainment.
Man, I don't know if Pastor Bryan was being prophetic or what but that was just... boom... Haha! #bringiton
Real solid man real solid ??twitterusername What a game, so many chances but solid defending from Fulham???
I think its safe to say that a libra can actually make a good middle-man between two conflicting parties.
Well .. There goes my bike ... Thanks for being with me all this while man .. Love u!! :') twitterurl
Damn man my mood is like changing by the minutes.. happy then sad then worried then confuse then happy again.. :(
Hey hey this is another man who's going to ruin my life MATT SMITH GET IN LINE twitterurl
Does one bad thing really have to come after another wtf man go outside problem go home also problem.
I'm a guy and I like you ;) ??? Gee,thanks man! I guess my milkshake is special HAHAHAH twitterurl
CBS > Man who claims he's last person to see Robert Levinson says he???s probably alive twitterurl #news
[CNA] Man charged with Yishun murder; brothel operator jailed: 46-year-old P Mageswaran??has been ch... twitterurl #singapore
A man should choose a friend who is better than himself. There are plenty of acquaintances in the world; ... twitterurl
Suthep vows to paralyse Bangkok on Sunday. twitterurl What sort of drugs is Suthep on? The man is raving mad.
The Ordinary Man ???   ???: This exciting work is co-choreographed by Taiwanese choreographer Wu Yi-San and T.H.E ... twitterurl
Damnit.. I swear I thought she died somewhere already.. Now see her face again is like NIGHTMARE MAN!
this girl is my age and she have a baby already. not judging but support her to the fullest man.
outfit,face, hair ??twitterusername 7) What's the first thing you look for when you see a man????
Bruce Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie gg Man U recreating Batman guys oh and they also have MATA( police)
"twitterusername BREAKING: David Moyes successfully breaks another record - The 1st time Stoke beat Man United in the league since 1984."
[TRE] Netizens bemused by SMRT???s explanation of Expo incident: According to SMRT, the old man who w... twitterurl #singapore
man i never curse when im in facebook. facebook is like my family's lair, its not safe.
[ST] Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station was not hit by a train, police clarifies twitterurl
Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station was not hit by a train, twitterusername clarifies twitterurl
What else could be more worse? Than to be on board 963. With some totally barbaric Indian dudes. Man!!
??twitterusername Never mind utd unlucky from carrick.. you still got another half to win!  Glory glory man united!!???
I have to much pride I cant ask a man for nothing , I rather go get it on my own
His sunnah we live. Salam maulidur rasul to all muslim. 12 Rabiul Awal 1435 h. " the greatest man in?? twitterurl
Overheard: How the Logic of "Friendzoning" Would Work If Applied in Other Instances: - *Man walks into a... twitterurl
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world
[CNA] Driving ban for man who reversed car onto walkway, injuring 4: A driver who reversed his Merc... twitterurl #singapore
HAHA sorry man! RT twitterusername Weng tuck never come ... No one talk cock with in gen ed :( twitterusername
if i dont see Man U win the champions league this season, i hope PSG wins it this year
[News] Search and rescue operation underway after man falls overboard near Kusu Island: The Maritime and Port ... twitterurl
He's not the type of man who would taking me into places and having a photos to share when holiday.
When the man really leaves me for his dream career, I'll prolly say something like what blair did. Haha.
Man faces amended charge of committing murder after alleged victim died: January 23, 2014 11:37 AMCHAN Lie San... twitterurl
Heroic commuter single-handedly stops MRT fight -- by picking man up and throwing him aside twitterurl twitterurl
And....SHE'S DONE! Advice from the mechanic, no cornering with the new tyre until tomorrow.  Oh man!?? twitterurl
Happy birthday kecik! We sengkang ppl miss u man see you around have a great day ahead! twitterusername
[ST] Disabled man jailed for 4 months for slashing neighbour with keris: January 22, 2014 12:52 PMA... twitterurl #singapore
Hoping that Man United will beat Sunderland later & bam... Manchester derby in the Capital One Cup final...
Mitchell Brunings - Redemption Song - The Voice Of Holland Season 4: twitterurl via twitterusername around of applause for you man
Mitchell Brunings - Redemption Song - The Voice Of Holland Season 4: twitterurl via twitterusername a round of applause for you man
An act of stupidity cause by someone else and the guard duty personnel need to take responsibility. Shucks man.
Ungentlemanly, or is there another reason? Man takes priority seat. Wife and kid sit on floor twitterurl twitterurl
Just got a fresh cut at 4 in the morning man S/o to my barber hooked me up frfr
reading divergent and I'm like jumping around at the same time because the feels man the feels goshhhhhhh
Poor Moyes.Tay Yek Keak feels sorry for the man behind the fall of the twitterusername empire. Do you? twitterurl twitterurl
[News] Worker collapses and dies at NTU: A 49-year-old man was found dead at Nanyang Technological University ... twitterurl
Shit electric run man! Scammer... Thought got free hoodie for first 25 to sign up... End up beed pay $83.80\
omg just watched the penalties from last night and hahahaha the worst penalties man. but yay vito!
Damn it....annoying dental appointment and why this wake up call so strict one man,no chance given??
I once asked mummy "how will i ever find a right man?" And she said "find someone who fears Allah."
Ok lah, one thing I can be particular of is how a man dress when he goes out with me.
but my old man still have the best free laughter....boyfriend is so gorgeous when he laugh without restraints
ROYALS at number 2. So... Is it going to be the tallest man at Laneway, Vance Joy with RIPTIDE? \
Been sleeping by 1030 these past few days and now that I'm awake I feel so shitty man hahahahaha
Walaowey, why so hard to beat Man City at home? Watford almost did it sia. Very unlucky...
AHHHHH *sobs* RT twitterusername ??Man from the Stars??? Cancelled for Lunar New Year Holiday (twitterurl #ywcfts twitterurl
An aunty, a Japanese and a tosai man tell us a thing or two about friendship... twitterurl
every 2mins you b might as well just stay at fountain. let ziggs snowball and free farm wtf man
"twitterusername This man (Ferdinand Puentes) survived a plane crash, and managed to take the most epic selfie ever. twitterurl
If Man City vs Barcelona ends with a draw, I hope it's a big draw. I think it will be.
Production and filming in China has begun for Universal Pictures' The Man With The Iron Fists, an ea twitterurl
[CNA] Third man jailed for refusing to disperse during Little India riot: A third Indian national r... twitterurl #singapore
I need my fcking man to come to sg to be in my drama. Or I should.say mymale lead.
The law of the gun vs. the law of man - twitterusername won't arrest Iringo (doesn't want to embarrass hiim) twitterurl
Listening to the boys version of Good Man... Miss the boys... Doo voice is so smooth that time lol
Bring back tumblr like seriously! All i see is naked bijes, tits, ass, some dude fucking a hoe. Dafug man.
"twitterusername trans twitterusername a real man that seemed familiar was walking towards me from afar, so I looked (cont) twitterurl
[ST] Man dies after collapsing at 2XU Compression Run marathon: March 04, 2014 9:09 AMIT profession... twitterurl #singapore
Oh man~ first time listening to dean fujioka's twitcast~ juz how many languages can he understand?! Jap, english, mandarin, korean?!
Ahhh. Ok. I really can't tell when you're being serious or joking though. ??? I'm always joking man, seriously. twitterurl
Man, Worley mentioned Shaft in class yesterday and NOBODY got excited except for me.... You know where this is going.
I'll call it a man bag to make myself feel better. Although there's nothing wrong with purses.
GOOD. "twitterusername Woman jailed 12 months for abetting god-daughter, 15, to have paid sex with man twitterurl
Woman jailed 12 months for abetting god-daughter, 15, to have paid sex with man twitterurl #Singapore
some fuckers on carousell never even deal with me before just gave me a negative feed back. screw you man!
man the view from this place reminds me of the view from do min joon/cheon song yi's apartment
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername i am, i want a hug from my main white man??? what lies. harlo twitterusername
Welcome little man! My hearts is stolen already, congrats ya ayah sama bubun,?? (w/ Sandi & Tika Adrianto) [pic] ??? twitterurl
S/O to the kid infront of me playing minecraft during the whole lecture. You do your thing man.
???The Amazing Spider-Man 2??? cast to descend on Singapore for Earth Hour 2014 twitterurl via twitterusername
[News] Man jailed for threatening to post nude photos of women online: An Indian national conned women into se... twitterurl
[Y!] Monday #sgroundup: Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall: Here are today???s tr... twitterurl #singapore
Running Man entertains my every Mondays and Tuesdays.... :DD I dont know how to live without it anymore.
For many Italians, Renzi is the man who should be in charge of that future ??? a young and energetic outsider.
I hope I do have stable financial before I got married,gotta prepare everything for future wife and kids man
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart insists he is man enough to accept being axed for the Capital One Cup final.
Man arrested for assaulting and outraging the modesty of a woman near her condo on West Coast Way twitterurl
twitterurl Man escapes jail term on appeal for accident at junction of Victoria Street and Rochor Road #bollocks
Not gonna watch Man United's game. Just hope they will play well v West Ham. Go #GGMU!!!
Watching Ronaldinho's highlights against Real Madrid. This man really is a legend. Worthy. Left Beckham spinning for a minute there.
Ooooooo beckham watching man utd match ! Ahhahaa i hope he will not get dissapointed ! LETS GO RED DEVILS ! twitterurl
So Paul George gets a stripper pregnant and gets catfished by a gay man in one year lmfao
Happy convo my dear. Take care yourself. And be a women for a true man. Not being childish again.?? twitterurl
But not my fault lei. I really have a lot of commitments man and i told you my reasons :(
F her ??twitterusername Miss Universe S'pore finalist pokes fun of man with holes in his shirt: Daughter hits back twitterurl
A man needs to know how to take care of himself first. If not, he don't deserve anything.
Man U fans be making fun of Liverpool players. They bringing home the cup. Stop being sore losers.
Best job in the world: This man gets paid $116,000 to have fun for 6 months twitterurl twitterurl
JUST IN: Malaysian man arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands Checkpoint by tailgating, will be charged today
Singaporean man who set himself on fire near a petrol kiosk in Johor Baru has died twitterurl
Singaporean man who set himself on fire near a petrol kiosk in Johor Baru has died twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Kakak met my guru ngaji's son just nowwww... Now I shall make time to visit her. Beem donkey years man
Magath praise for ??best man?? Stockdale: Fulham manager Felix Magath hailed the performance of goalkeeper David... twitterurl
Man arrested over three 'random' stabbing attacks in Ang Mo Kio and Yishun #Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Hahahhaha! Justin bieber, miley and iron man crack me up! Kids Crying For The Funniest Reasons Ever. twitterurl
I have not met one boy/man that has the name of Atticus in this country. Challenge accepted
Well: The Monitored Man: After six months of heavy use of activity-monitoring gadgets ??? sometimes wearing four... twitterurl
omg scared me i thought a drunk came in..it was a poor man with diabetes having a hypo
The shits we talk during our lunch, it's so good. RT twitterusername twitterusername kinda???? I miss it so much man
How do you get the energy and motivation to do your thing man, I'm like always a lazy bum.
I wish I had a tiny Fallacy Man on my shoulder to scream at everyone in school.
Cant wait for my pay! Can the month just end quick. Wanna get done with ait man hais.
K la i no life whole holiday spending my time on ???????? and fangirl-ing over a 43 year old man
rather have dance during one of sch hols than to embarrass myself on stage man i have face
Either I die early as a happy man or live long enough to see my kami oshi's dirty side
Man strips naked on MRT train and performs lewd act -- before lying down on floor twitterurl twitterurl
Naked man on the MRT in Singapore. He has been arrested though. twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[ST] Man gets 21 months' jail and 3 strokes of the rotan for punching and kicking girlfriend: March... twitterurl #singapore
What is this man singtel.. The wifi horrible the 3g also horrible. Be more reliable la walao
Previous RT, vice versa also. No man wants their woman clubbing and getting grinded by other guys.
??twitterusername After realizing his food was going missing, a man setup a webcam twitterurl BYE EARTH NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE
I have top notch essay-smoking skills man I wonder wtheck did I crap out just now
[ST] Police investigating man who lodged false report to cover up for loss of work permit: March 18... twitterurl #singapore
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard says boss Brendan Rodgers is the "best man-manager he has ever worked with".
??twitterusername Want to keep up with a man who constantly upgrading every day in his life? Never gonna happen men..???
I think if moyes bring in kagawa..... Oh that's a game changer & man united would have scored a goal tho.
Overpowered Man Utd today. nevemind the fact 2 goals were penalties. but LFC was solid all over the pitch #LFC
Good ah no more jantan sundal for my friends. Semua dah chill chilm baby family man hahahahaha
[CNA] Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial: In court on Monday, 48-year-ol... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Man on trial for spitting at two women at bus interchange; claims one called him 'stupid' twitterurl
(asiaone) Man on trial for spitting at two women at bus interchange; claims one called him 'stupid' twitterurl
thank u qi ming for the iphone usb you're the best man, so generous of u, mwhehehehe?????? twitterusername
huge playground man, i went up to bring a kid i feel like vomiting look at the spirals twitterurl
Anyone think Poor David Moyes is still man for job? Jose Mourinho might disagree ... twitterurl twitterusername #MUFC #LFC #CFC
Police are looking for this man to assist in an outrage of modesty case in North Bridge Road twitterurl twitterurl
Bringing my guitar home this weekend. Hmm.. If only i have a camera, or a man with a camera..
My boyfriend's birthday is around the corner. Any rom... ??? Idk man i don't like boring romantic places. But you ... twitterurl
The spring season is cool but creepy at the same time like all of a sudden man
I'm not a Man U supporter but i have to be honest i can see them improving their play.
didnt wear my contacts for 3 days alr. mornings are a fucking killer. i cant do this man.
;) I attribute this wholly to my family, my man Junrong Chen, my clients, my organization and my laoban Ouyang... twitterurl
Bloody fight in Bt Batok: Man punches and hits another with bottles after accusing him of stealing bike twitterurl twitterurl
Man charged with causing death of four along CTE by driving under the influence of drugs  twitterurl twitterurl
(asiaone) Bloody fight in Bt Batok: Man punches and hits another with bottles after accusing him of stealing bike twitterurl
Just finished rewatching Ip Man 2 for the fourth time. The boxing match at the end always sets me thinking.
Man leaves $1,000 tip for waitress -- so that she can fulfill dream of visiting Italy twitterurl twitterurl
A man was arrested for committing an obscene act in public at Jurong West Street 93. twitterurl
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Been a good day so far. Quite happy w how my set piece is turning out. Shostakovich is the man!!!!
She's your fucking dog man if you don't want to bring her to the fucking vet,I will.
I'll be the first to say that i was wrong ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Singapore man spends $52,000 to celebrate end of 6-year marriage: SINGAPORE - Nanyang Siang Pau reported that ... twitterurl
Man who allegedly crashed through Woodlands Checkpoint charged: The 64-year-old Malaysian driver who allegedly... twitterurl
1 year ago.. Today... now.... I watched my first maifo one-man live......... I miss them so much~ T_T
An old man playing the harmonica in the mrt since just now.. It's nice to listen to though ??????
VSFF goes to DocuAsia next week with two screenings of MENSTRUAL MAN! Get your tix at: twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername
"twitterusername Aye all y'all females wit boyfriend , just stop tweeting .. Lol fr , I KNOW YALL HOES MAN !"
Talks and master classes - Let???s talk about Jazz!: Bitesize: Sun 09 Mar Local jazz-man Sinclair Ang understand... twitterurl
A man willing to do anything just to place a smile on your face is one worth keeping. #throwback twitterurl
They made wookie laughed alone like a mad man but whole stadium can hear him OMG lol
Or Samuel can go back home to Argentina.Its fitting for him too.Lots of appreciation for that man.#WalterSamuel
I know you're avoiding me, I don't know what is in your mind, I'm sorry. Miss u my man goodnight.
Man who tried to claim billion-dollar stake in Facebook must face criminal charges: US judge twitterurl twitterurl
Original Mega Man Commercial Digitally Restored For Your Viewing Pleasure:   YouTube user Giraux has found and uploaded the original ...
4 a chubby man lol RT twitterusername Don't! You perfect "twitterusername I need to starting camping at kfc and ... twitterurl
Well guess my man will be tucking in soon. So I'm back to watching my twitterusername vids. :33
C'mon respect the franchise. There's only one man who IS Indiana Jones. Let it begin and end with him.
Man im finna be at the dentist for like 2 hours dawg I swear this some bs
You're just 'bo liao', Jesslyn Tan: Man mocked for having holes in shirt hits back twitterurl twitterurl
[NEW POST] Use your power at Earth Hour with the cast of The Amazing Spider-Man 2! twitterurl
Nabeh. That Indian man keeps harassing me with Whatsapp messages. Totally annoying. But will continue ignore him.
Sixth man to plead guilty to his role in the Little India riot jailed 18 weeks twitterurl #Singapore
Man utd need to score at least one in the return leg to have a chance to progress
52 yr old man jailed 6 weeks for uploading naked photos of 26yr old ex-girlfriend online twitterurl
Photo: pervingonkpop: There???s something beautiful about a man in a fitted button up; what???s even more... twitterurl
"twitterusername Dreading to go to work again. How am I to survive for a whole month man"
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 ??? official game release and Xperia theme pack: Every great superhero movie deserves a mat...  [AndroidAuthority]
Phuckk man. Going to work feeling so sick. Cant do any MC cos no female left at work. Wahhhhhhhhh :'(
Powergirl's boob window is iconic man... Removing it in place for a ordinary full body costume is just... Wrong.\
no but really in the first place nak sakit hati buat apa kan hahaha MAN ANA FI QALBIK
Fight for secular state does not end with Karpal. twitterurl more power to your elbow twitterusername Bravo man!
So dangerous for couple to ride on motorised bicycle with no helmets, but man can still sing happily twitterurl
Humor! Man Appalled At Date Who Lied Slightly More Than Him On Online Dating Profile: SAN FRANCISCO???Fru... twitterurl #TNNWC
[PR] Man Arrested For Failing To Stop For Immigration Clearance At Woodlands Checkpoint: On 13 April 2014 at a... twitterurl
im so gonna update to Pharmacist Manager after this man - u sell the pharmacy i do the work?????
[News] Man jailed 18 months for misappropriating fuel: A marine engineer who misappropriated 200 tonnes of fue... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 18 months for misappropriating fuel: A marine engineer who misappropriated 200 ton... twitterurl #singapore
I'm about to die coz my cousie got to see my fav man in seol like seriously i die.
He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
#Singapore I hope the Man U * Bayern match will not be decided by penalties. Need some speep.
Dumped a month ago, but guess which muscle man Mandy Wong has already started dating twitterurl twitterurl
Man walks around Tokyo backwards. This is what the footage is like played in reverse twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
True Blue - John Williamson. This song, man... lately, I've been missing a lot of people that weren't supposed to die.
awww man i wish i got a ticket for d4f :((( my heart is with you, FMS #fmsslays  das right
#Dumplings from Man Fu Yuan twitterusername - a new creation Braised Beef Brisket Dumpling along with the?? twitterurl
A 21-year-old Italian man was killed on the spot when this 30m crucifix collapsed twitterurl twitterurl
Benedict being so protective of his (future) kids awwwwww ngggghhh beeeeeennnnn someone give this man a child!!  #daddybatch
Japan debut my birthday week le. .. can this be my birthday present to see them there ? Haha... oh man...
Man I'm so dam tired .... Prepping for my party today and my ass need to be sleep tho...
Glazers, not SAF, take blame if Giggs fails too? MT twitterusername twitterusername Man U: Ferguson available to help Giggs twitterurl
It's been long ~ Y&D impromptu meet up today. Teo Chew Porridge -> Movie (Ice Man) -> Tiffany's?? twitterurl
Can't wait for Man United match against Norwich City. Plus Ryan Giggs is in-charge of the remainding matches :)
What's one thing you refuse to pay for? ??? Those san man ticket tolong in future dont kenna twitterurl
Student leaders propose rewrite of fight song 'Utah Man': SALT LAKE CITY (Reuters) - Student leaders at the Un... twitterurl
[TODAY] Driver nabbed in another checkpoint incident: SINGAPORE - A 33-year-old Malaysian man was a... twitterurl #singapore
"David Moyes has definitely not been sacked!," says Man United spokesman: AFP twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
What's wrong with Moyes? He's brought Man U to where it should be. Right, #LFC fans? #YNWA twitterurl
[Y!] Singapore court fines man for mistreating dog: Singapore, April 25 (IANS) A businessman who fa... twitterurl #singapore
Fei fei wan ton mee with twitterusername in the night. Need more nights like this man. twitterurl
No Man United players in the PFA Team of the year for the first time since 1990. Another record broken.
Autocad lessons coming up ! Should have learnt it in D&T last year man. What a waste
im enjoying the rain so much. i would literally just sit under the pouring rain man i swear
Man greeted with haunting display after opening up shed he hasn't entered in 3 years twitterurl twitterurl
Oh no, I forgot to prepare all supporting documents for TP Care Fund... Man.. I had been forgetting for days.
Fuck the man and the lady, never seen such underground relationship can appear to be so legitimate.
??twitterusername "twitterusername This! twitterusername Never run for a bus, train, or man. When one leaves, another one arrives."???
quite positive the sound produced for the ammonia & nitrogen slides is an indian. hahahahaha the accent man.
??twitterusername Cause my heart breaks a little when I hear your name??? WHEN I WAS YOUR MAN RT
"twitterusername 10 - twitterusername have not kept a clean sheet against Man Utd in last 10 games. #CFC"
I'm not joking when I say supporting the heart isn't good for man u. It is yuqa.
Tis causes him to kill other woman similar to her wife to vent out his anger twitterusername Siao man! ??????
Wise "twitterusername Michael Carrick: Tiredness not an excuse for Man Utd's second-half flop against Chelsea twitterurl #mufc #cfc"
Woah woah When I Was Your Man song is so so so so cute //cant describe it//
Wtf  man the only subject I used to like was GP. And you're making it hell for me.
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? The one who is funny, gentlemen and faithful. twitterurl
*hulur tangan*RT twitterusername Sometimes just want a man to get hold my hand and dun  let me go...
Man United keep marching on & the lead on top of the BPL table is extended to 15 points.
#Ootd wif my sis,twitterusername ... is gonna be a hot weather ~ ohhh man !! :( @ Mayflower Hotel @ Hat Yai twitterurl
"twitterusername Holidays are when alot of ppl go shopping.............like me" town with me. I need new clothes man
Brian tracy 6 collections - 15 ebooks - free download: Brian tracy 6 collections download on twitterurl free books and man...
[Video] Man saves water by not showering for 2 weeks: 35,000 people gathered at venues like Marina Barrage and... twitterurl
Cannot injure myself for next few training before the shoot. So I guess that means no kicking. Aw man.....
You shoot me down... but I fall im titanium lol gdness this song never gets old .. hungover man today bad
A disgruntled man walked past me and said in an ominous voice to himself, "Still a long way to go."
Elderly man kills wife & commits suicide in US hospice unit, after deciding he could not live witho... twitterurl via twitterusername
??twitterusername Going to school on a holiday morning without Michael sucks man??? awwww I feel your pain..
bapfinite RT twitterusername [INFO] #???? Man in Love' MV was directed by Hong Won Gi, who worked on B.A.P???s Warrior
Stop crying . Ur face exactly like slut which dump the real man who is willing to save you .
Spoiler alert: New TV spot for Iron Man 3 debuts, but does it give too much away? twitterurl
having dinz alone wf paps/h2h talks, can never get enough of this old man, definitely thankful for him. x ??
mother bought me 3 shirts but the guess shirt makes me look awkward man. nike tees are fucking naise.
omg didnt even know Lim Soo-Hyang from IRIS II appeared on Running man for charlie's angel ep!
PHOTO twitterusername 4 ships catch fire a Jurong shipyard. 1 man injured, 1 ship sank twitterurl twitterurl
Man arrested for allegedly outraging modesty of woman on public bus: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 35-year... twitterurl
wts man. givmme some efforts kay! i scared i wil do what i m tinkin xoxoxoxoxoxo haish ah!
??twitterusername she tags a long and stands at the crowd and looks at the man she turns down.???
Sometimes I wish I can just run away for a year and come back a new man.
Aww man,totally woke up at a wrong timing ....how am i gonna find my ending to my dream?
but i???m not the man your heart is missing, that???s why you go away, i know
AsiaClassifiedToday Malaysia's Tan Twan Eng wins Man Asia book prize - Seattle Post Intelli... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Proud of who you are.. And excited to see the man your becoming.. Blessing for you bboy twitterusername
So many numbers to check oh man . .  my eyes are dying and my brain is already asleep . . .  ~_~
HAHAHAHAHAHA RT twitterusername ??twitterusername ??twitterusername Nak tetek fergie.??? sir alex ferguson? you sick man??? fergie black eyed peas la sial
A man don't need a country as long as he has land under his feet to walk on. #OneEarth
Just found 1 more of my VO2x collection , total 30 photos to be exact :D . Yeah man ^^
"Pardon me man,my house always full of shit like thisRT twitterusername Wrong place in wrong time (?_?'!l)"
"twitterusername Untuk flyfm stripped nak kita org cover lagu apa?"Bruno Mars when I was your man.
the video you made with Weylie regarding 21 things girl hate about men, omg you're the man (Y) twitterusername
Chinese national jailed for stealing bag on SilkAir flight: SINGAPORE: A 47-year-old man has been sentenced to... twitterurl
[News] Chinese national jailed for stealing bag on SilkAir flight: SINGAPORE: A 47-year-old man has been sente... twitterurl
The NCC trip today was shit man...that China driver yet again brought us to the wrong camp
Syed mokhtar albukhary. 8th richest man in malaysia tak silap RT twitterusername Look just how many famous people who ... twitterurl
How does he survive bachata nights, man? Seriously. He's weird and all. I'd like run away sia hahahaha.
Are you and adriana still friends? ??? oh man i knew this is gonna come! Yeah we still are ~ twitterurl
Np: the man who can't be moved... But actually i'm the boy who easily to moving on~
Rahal Letterman Lanigan ready for IndyCar season: Graham Rahal's Autoweek blog: Man, it's hard to believe we'r... twitterurl
Man, I swear I'd play much better if the environment was as cooling as the mrt. :P
I thought Running Man Episodes back-to-back will start on 11:15 but it's 11:45 aiyo fail
No one can be as savagely seductive as the man himself. Haiz. I love u la BL.
I'm sleepy but i must force myself not to sleep if not i fail my mission as a man.
#BeenABelieberSince 2009 & hv NEVER got noticed or whatvr but still here & NEVER leaving bc he's the man.
Man Turns House Across the Street from Westboro Baptist Church into Gay Pride Flag: Repainting your house with... twitterurl
that's fast RT twitterusername [VID] 130322 Music Bank - INFINITE Man In Love + Still I Miss You #???? twitterurl
??twitterusername idk man i find it sweet when someone remembers every details about you and won't ever forget about you???
I dream of we went to chalet and then an old man jump off the buiiding :0
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. #Positive
Yeah, I'm bad man RT twitterusername Your english so bad"twitterusername You big fat liar RT twitterusername You"twitterusername Lia
Ahahaha :D RT twitterusername -_-"twitterusername Yeah, I'm bad man RT twitterusername Your english so bad"twitterusername You big fat liar
Plea in case of school's poisoned trees: An Alabama man pleaded guilty Friday to poisoning oak trees that drew... twitterurl
Man arrested for jewellery theft: SINGAPORE: Police arrested a 37-year-old suspect for stealing jewellery from... twitterurl
[News] Man arrested for jewellery theft: SINGAPORE: Police arrested a 37-year-old suspect for stealing jewelle... twitterurl
#laterPlaying . I won't see you tonight part1 #NowSinging "twitterusername twitterusername lagi 1 , when i was your man , bruno mars .. Terboikkk"
This makes no fucking cents RT twitterusername Man with sexual fetish for wallets jailed 13 months twitterurl
May his negative karma been purified w that 22yrs RT twitterusername Man wrongly jailed for 22 years finallywalks free twitterurl
"twitterusername rt if ur a 71 year old pakistani man who owns a branch of curry restaurants"
Hahah this man RT twitterusername wa now seaside baptism, my one water sprinkle. abit sad leh gong jin eh.
??twitterusername Currently watching White Chick for the second time . Ahhhh can't stop laughing .??? What a beautiful chocolate man !
Newtown gunman 'had weapons arsenal': The young man who killed 27 people in a massacre in Newtown, Connecticut... twitterurl
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman"s birthday but never remembers her age.\
Believe that muscle ache gonna be worse tomorrow but imma gonna run to my death still man
Really talked our hearts... Thanks for the nice long chat man(': Always here for you bro! twitterusername
You stupid fucks who follow then unfollow like wtf are you doing with you life man fuck ya'll
You stupid fucks who follow then unfollow like wtf are you doing with you life man fuck y'all
My both brothers are playing fifa. Real Madrid Vs Man Utd?? oh gosh. Totally reminds me of Bryan. twitterusername
They told me that they can't understand the man i am so y are we talking to each other again?
Leaders! 12 Keys To Joining The Social Elite And Gaining Control: AVOID THIS MAN, OR ACTING IN T... twitterurl TakingCommand
Which fucking guy wld do this? Only you man, can't take it then just leave, so kp for fuck.
Man jailed for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone: An excavation operator was jailed fo... twitterurl
#facepalm "twitterusername Man jailed 7 weeks and fined for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone"
Even a man boleh jet?? sia. What excuse do i have to be not flexible? Um. No excuse?
NTU launches new institute for medical innovation,  with one of its major projects being a man-made liver twitterurl
An hour and a half more for Chelsea Vs Man United. Gonna try to find live streaming via the net
I just saw a tweet of a man who judged a woman breastfeeding whilst shopping & boy was I enraged!
Thats me man , thats me hahah "twitterusername "Wts ew la pls ._." HAHA! Regine's reaction forever so funny de! ????"
Zul, you need to chill man, I know how you feel, as in being left. Haiss :/ twitterusername
Wait is dis man trying DA BAE wif dez questions? Let me punch him in the throat.
The one who never runs.. on RUNNING man yet again. HAHAHA I LOVE MY LAZY J <3
Stan Lee Superhuman. This man is gifted! Seeing with his mind. How is that possible I'm amazed
"twitterusername Woman wrongly identified as S'pore PM: Shows how ill-informed Americans are twitterurl ahahhah joke man
twitterurl Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets three years' jail for other charges: The ... twitterurl
[We?SG] : Police Appeal: Loanshark HarassmentPolice are looking for the man shown in the picture to... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday Zynga CEO to be paid USD 1 this year - Telecompaper (subscription): Man... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername weed man . I'm fly with the wind??? buto weed, muka jambu, confirm clean ni !
"twitterusername you've been known to take the hand of every man who will fill your fantasy" ahhhh
Twice already man, cyclists forcing cars to nearly slam right into me. I don't really blame the driver though..
.twitterusername our song is the way you laugh, the first date man I didn't kiss you but I should have ~~~~
What a game changer this guy is, easily past four man u guy just like that and BOOM, stunning!
"twitterusername It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters.- Evander Holyfield"
I met the most photogenic man today at a wedding (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Anyone up for some Fifa 13 on the Playstation 3? I need to earn more xp to level up man.
Watching running man with no cute girl in it is like eating kfc with chicken and rice but without chili ! :\\
dear Nick Cave, if you play Man in the Moon today I will the happiest bunny in Singapore.
??twitterusername Man united match started already and I'm still at jurong point with my sister HAISSSSSS.??? 1-0 LIAOOOO #GGMU
Chelsea pull one back seconds after Torres comes on! Demba Ba the scorer. Man City 2-1 Chelsea.
Still remember the times i went for the Slam Concert . Oh man , that was damn awesome . Thanks to abang riyan .
Wigan are in the FA Cup final after beating Millwall 2-0. Now, they're waiting for Chelsea or Man City...
I had a method like red man now these bitches sweating on me like a head band
AsiaClassifiedToday: The man who would bring NBA back to Seattle - The Seattle Times: The m... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Damn psy's gentlemen music video has reached 13 million + views in 20 hours. Gotta respect the man :')
ion know how i would feel if my grandma got another man my grandpa been dead 19 years
??twitterusername twitterusername hahahha yup, im aiming for a spot in the team next year..??? Goodluck man ! All the best !!
Every girl is beautiful in their own way,it just takes a right man to see it! ??
#Deal #Book #9: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
Hell Yeah man, tomorrow no Lifeskills cause already submit the 30 Hearts Origami, so can come at 10 ;)
I really hope I don't get a really fucking important duty tomorrow. I'm the most irresponsible man in the world
Alltop RSS > The Arting Life | Psychedelic Portuguese Man-of-War Photos Prove God Is a Stoner twitterurl #photography
UK (the country, not the man) plans to pay Kenya to host its asylum processing centres: twitterurl
Desperate sangat ke. It's such a lost cause,man. Why are you wasting your time on this
Man i've always dreamed of being in Terpsichore. Why do i even have to move here ?? i miss dancing
#kimberlyfantasies ??twitterusername Go on Google Maps. Type in: 52.376552,5.198303 and you'll see a man dragging a body into a lake. ?????????
[!] Boston Is Locked Down As Police Corner This Man (Update: He Got Away): The hunt for the Bo... twitterurl WiredDangerRoom
??twitterusername Nak iron man 3 please but I'll be busy at that time with trial and irc *sigh??? jomlah !
Let me agree 2 this tweet for a frd shem RT twitterusername There needs to be male prostitutes man.
US 'ricin' letter suspect charged: A man in Mississippi is charged with threatening US President Barack Obama,... twitterurl
#Deal #Book #10: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
bij was awake when a cockroach was walking.on my hand! tsk so astounded hais biggest fear man?
So yeah in one week i completed running man again. Oh and dont forget the countless replays of snsd??
An italian man standing out among the taiwanese vendors in lin jiang night market, selling tiramisu?? twitterurl
"twitterusername Why Folow in the first place if you're gonna unfollow it later?.." can't see the future man things happen
Ei twitterusername twitterusername I've noticed the lollipop man is no longer there at the pits! I missed the memo
Tsk! Cmon man city. You gotta win this... Arsenal n Chelsea must b in top 4. Not spurs
A lawyer once said this "An innocent man is harder to defend compared to one that's guilty."
Watching Munah & Hizri vids at youtube now. Awww man they really made me crack upp watching em HAHAHAAA
I most prob would have joined you guys if I had not been well today man.. twitterusername twitterusername
Huang Wenyong: The Man behind the Star: twitterurl takes a look at what the late veteran actor Huan... twitterurl
#Books #Deal #10: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life: Build?? twitterurl
Russian man accused of threatening to blow up SIA plan claims trial, saying it was a misunderstanding twitterurl
A Russian man accused of threatening to blow up a Singapore Airlines plane is claiming trial twitterurl
Lucky Iron Man fans in the UK get to try on his Mark 42 armour      twitterurl twitterurl
If only killing is not against the law...... I think I would have already killed u man
??twitterusername i feel stupid spending all my time obsessing over you. what the fuck am i doing man. ?????
Fcked me over too man i was like ??????RT twitterusername twitterusername hahaha snugga that caught me off guard thoo
I will kill Wan on Thursday himself if I can't watch iron man 3 . I got this.
you fucking fucked up son of the fucking bitch. man up and fucking face your fucking consequences.
Someone action ah man united might get their 20th league tittle or whatever it is for them
I won't take it away from Man Utd. Deserved champions. Red Devils fans, I congratulate you. Bragging rights all yours.
They should be castrated!!! RT twitterusername Another man arrested for rape of 5 year old girl in India twitterurl
I'm a cave man ?? RT ??twitterusername Bumped into twitterusername like finally. I thought you were living in some cave.???
"twitterusername bad dream. not gonna affect my monday. aint got time fo dat." Must be happy man
AsiaClassifiedToday: Patrick Soon-Shiong, Richest Man In LA, Is On A Philanthropic Mission ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Now we have got another thing beside genius playboy billionaire it's coolest man on the planet xD
So when I just finish bathing my mum was like "eh Man U champion lagi?!" HAHAHAHHAHA keywords: champion lagi ????
Chilling with the delivery man kinda make my day. The day they talk damn funny. SIBEI GEH YAN
Sleeping beauty after watching running man.. i'll do it continuosly before my intensive class.. oyasuminasai minasaaan~ *yawning*
US poisoned letter suspect released: A Mississippi man accused of sending poisoned letters to President Barack... twitterurl
Suspect in Terror Plot Denies Charges: Man arrested in Canada terror denies plot to derail train; makes court ... twitterurl
SocialMedia/TechNEWS Missing Student: Body Found In Providence River: The body of a young man th... twitterurl DouglasCastle
#realtrust RT twitterusername twitterusername what's your tumblr man, I trust you enough to not judge my tags hahaha
Mak Lin digituin :p "twitterusername Hih! Tai!"twitterusername When I Was Your Man - Bruno Mars. shahahay heartbreaking abis !!""
Pasni plan nk tngk star trek plak, tngk trailer cam best... Hmm Man of steel pon not bad.
WOOHOO MISS YOU BABY RT twitterusername Fucking miss you and your crooked dick man can't wait to (cont) twitterurl
US 'spy' detained in Venezuela: Venezuelan authorities detain a US man accused of financing student protests a... twitterurl
?? Call u n a few RT twitterusername Man damn ain't no body picking up the phone or nun shit
Man city stadium like half empty . Just because no hope of winning the title . The fans .. Hai
You're not my Superman. You're not my Batman. You're not my Spiderman. But you're my Iron Man. Always?? twitterurl
"twitterusername I want to watch iron man 3 with my group...................... Like rn.... Please....."including me? oh oh
Meet my new man, Bob. Yerp, he's a builder. Always asking me, "can we fix this?" twitterurl
Hello Malaysia. Can you stop with these senseless muggings, murders and shooting! WTF man, another shooting this morning!
"The chief end of man is to glorify God by enjoying him forever." - John??Stephen??Piper twitterurl
[YH!SG] S'pore war memorial vandal suspect arrested by police: A 32-year-old Singaporean man believ... twitterurl #singapore
And sayang watching Iron Man by himself. Without me. Take a good care love. Don't be gatal too much. twitterusername
Ootd for iron man 3 + sauce + swee choon yesterdy because i stupidly deleted all the photos in my camera ?? twitterurl
[ST] Man convicted for beating up girlfriend's children, drug offences and rioting: April 30, 2013 ... twitterurl #singapore
middle of the night on the phone with a guy : mcd ?want to eat?03.00am , awesome ???? twitterusername thankyou man ????
Oh i found man size s shirt at home fr me to wear ???? 4th tshirt i hv at home??
Fuh yoh fuh yoh :3 RT twitterusername Uuuuuuu~~ RT twitterusername Iron man 3 with ariffin gila babun and bestfriend forever.
Malaysia jusco , cathay @ dte , cwp , tamp , dg , GV @ yishun , vivo all full with iron man 3 HAHAHA jakon.mye korang xD
Another one to the nail polish collection. Took me very long to decide on purchasing it. OPI The Man?? twitterurl
its yor payborit one man da one who pakeng hate roma pakers... ??? WOOOHOOOO JOSH PECSONZZZZ POTANGENA twitterurl
Child sex abuser's sentence reviewed: The attorney general is reviewing the sentence of a man who was found gu... twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for pocketing $1.15m meant for ship purchase: May 03, 2013 11:16 AMAn Indonesian na... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed for pocketing $1.15m meant for ship purchase: An Indonesian national was jailed for 21 months on Fr... twitterurl
The great pyramid, Pharoah khufu's tomb, at Giza held the for tallest man made structure for 3800 years (147metres)
Politic all over the tl.Yeah I like it man bcs some ppl don't like it act.but who's cares
How in the world does aniq stay at home the whole day man. I???m dying now
Following this islamandlifeOFC account on twitter and your name keeps on appearing on my timeline sian not funny man ??
Things man do backstage: pose and flex with full makeup and hair #glassanatomy #sg #singapore #actors?? twitterurl
still haven't complete lifeskill's mini project. wtf lah why lifeskill also must have one mini project wtf man wtf
WTF the voting for #thefinal1sg is screwed up man what is wrong w Singaporeans?!? Argh, disappointed w our people -.-
Man Utd shares sink as storied boss Ferguson bows out: Manchester United shares sank four per cent in opening ... twitterurl
Got my man up on my F&B board. Ni motivasi siol. Look up and there you areeee bebeh twitterurl
oh man, I cannot watch this movie at the office. I get too excited for every little thing!
Is it wrong for a man to love the song "Goodbye Horses" as much as I do?
yo man RT twitterusername hey! I just passed ninth grade...still three more to go. yikes. twitterurl
Elderly man who practises calligraphy at Bukit Batok with wet mop is a teacher twitterurl via twitterusername
Worse fears realised.David Moyes new manager at Man Utd next season.Not what I wanted.Not sure if its a popular... twitterurl
Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution: A massage parlour owner has been charged with ru... twitterurl
Football: Rooney "not for sale", say Man United: Manchester United reacted to rumours about Wayne??Rooney's fut... twitterurl
Cops: Calif. Man Shot Wife, 2 Girls: Officers hunt Calif. suspect in shooting deaths of wife, 2 young daughters???????? twitterurl
My Boss twitterusername was just counting how many Man United managers he has seen - EIGHT! I've seen only one :)
Cleveland 'kidnapper' due in court: The man charged with imprisoning and sexually abusing three women over a d... twitterurl
Wen girls try to argue with me I just tell em " I'm not your man fam " lol
wah! the Running Man epi guesting the Rules of Jungle cast is mighty fun to watch! they're really good! ????????????? #fb
Shelvey is only 21? Damn he look like late 20s man. Maybe because of not serving the nation?
I will never believe that there is a man sitting in the sky, lol Doesn't even make sense
got another blog post man.. but I should limit to one post a day -.- but its damn good, this one!!
The thought of school really sucks man. If it wasn't for attendance I'll suka2 ponteng school anytime
[ST] Jobless man jailed three months for threatening to burn down lawyer's office: May 15, 2013 1:5... twitterurl #singapore
Thank you for being a good man to me for 1 month 5 days. I love you b :')
[News] Police appeal for information on missing elderly man: Police are appealing for information on the where... twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: Police appeal for information on missing elderly man: Police are appealing for in... twitterurl #singapore
"The one man who dares to tell the truth is called at once a lunatic and fool". \
man. I'm 5'2. I swear these niggas my height. I wonder how short them other niggas we meetin up w !
Late morning swims. So much joy! Would consider signing up w FF just to swim man.. ??? #healthyliving?? twitterurl
Going to watch Iron Man 3 later, wee! Like f i n a l l y twitterurl
#local #news Police appeal for information on missing elderly man: Police are appealing for informa... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername "twitterusername Always trust a man with a big white van" why? :x" hahahaha nahh im just kidding
Haha! Thanks man, followed back. RT twitterusername Just made it 4 ??twitterusername Nice! Woke up to three new Instagram followers.???
Salute for a old man who can manage a club for 30 years and wining all the trouphies !!! #respect
There's a man some more trying to ask the kid to put away the bag to give seats...
The Weirdest Thing on the Internet Tonight: The Lumberjack:  As the injured man later explained to police, "It... twitterurl
The man sitting beside me just won't stop peeping over into my phone excuse you LOOK AWAY NOW.
Man accused of Aurora movie theatre shootings wants to plead not guilty by reason of insanity twitterurl
Wah wah put, bagus :D RT twitterusername My new sounds: When I Was Your Man-Bruno Mars twitterurl on #SoundCloud
How a report calling S'poreans 'emotionless' got man behind Singaporean of the Day (twitterusername project started twitterurl
Aldrich Killian really The Mandarin or just a fall-man for Trevor Slattery, or twist for upcomin' installment !? #IronMan3
My friend on Scholes: "Brilliant man. Just came off no fuss on his final game at home. Amazing."
I almost cried because i love the We Are The Champions song while Man United lift up the BPL Title :')
Another shot of Man United celebrations with Sir Alex Ferguson for the final time at the Theatre of?? twitterurl
Roo not boo-.- "twitterusername Rooney getting booed after years of service. RVP getting the loudest cheers. Man United fans."
Luckily have a twitter that I can use to contact my man urgh why laa maxis ni -_-
This is not funny man, I have training today, my back and thighs are aching like fuuuu...
I hate when boys be like why ya voice so light , like  whatchu want me to sound like a man?
Babystting is easy coz all he wants to do is watch tv. In this case, Running Man. #SyedImanAqilLim twitterurl
Well. I'm unhappy now. Are you more elated already? So much for ns turning you into a man
[We?SG] : Timeline PhotosGeylang violence: two fights in a day Via TNP: On Thursday evening, a man ... twitterurl #singapore
Good job twitterusername 56-year-old man detained over Customs deputy D-G murder - Nation | The Star Online twitterurl
Proud of this team! Awesome job in putting together the Mother's Day drama! Love them lots man! :) twitterurl
Join us for an evening run tonight as we watch SNSD's Sunny and Yoona on Running Man at 7pm later!
HAHAHA omg I feel the love man my mum is so awesome I wanna be like her!!!!!
Sportingnya amy search when the 'melodi' reporter's asking his opinion about twitterusername  relationship w/ nas-t. He's the man :)
man foreal! I dnt even wanna brush it out ??twitterusername twitterusername nappy head?? naps on naps on naps !???
Yes, I got my beloved shoes finally. I shall call them Iron man. And it's really because they look?? twitterurl
handsome handsome siak dalam cover ni. serious! Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man (TwentyForSeven Cover): twitterurl via twitterusername
:"( "twitterusername Man dribbling a ball from Seattle to Brazil for 2014 World Cup hit by car and killed. R.I.P. twitterurl
YESYES "twitterusername Watching running man & I've been laughing for the past one hour. HAHA such a awesome variety show !"
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer insist the Bundesliga champ have no interest in signing Man United striker Wayne Rooney
Dad&bro man u fan,mum chelsea and me foreva liverpool and ya fight starts hahah but its so cute
I'm just trying to chill and watch my bootleg Iron man 3 with Chinese subtitles b....that's it
Great time talking to Cik Fairuz. Good man with an out-of-this-world context of living =)
maybe hehehehehehheehehehehe twelve majestic dicks yaw ??? yeah yeah I KNEW IT WAS YOU MAN YOU AND YOUR DICKS twitterurl
Tunisia announces first death from new coronavirus: Tunis (Reuters) - A 66-year-old Tunisian man has died from... twitterurl
Whoa. 70-year-old French man commits suicide on altar of Notre Dame in Paris. twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Macam Man. Hiks bye RT twitterusername For a very smart person, you do the dumbest thing sometime.
Ate a lot man today.. Fish Sambal with rice and later that Chicken chop with fries Dammm..
See you macau tonight at sky 21! Wow amazing view man!! I'll be dj for pre tour #1worldfest
Man uses newspaper to hide groping of girl on Shanghai subway  For more on this story: twitterurl twitterurl
Man without confidence .no good ,no goodd #eh "twitterusername twitterusername rambut okay present baca je apa kelas? (??-??-`)"
Everyone has someone meant for them & that girl you want badly, somewhere there is a man that cant stand her.
Think, Singapore! > Contempt of court action against cartoonist: Man behind online comic strip accused of 'sca... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Here's the Hong Kong mud pit Man City and Sunderland played on - Yah... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Spare a thought or two for yourself man, that's the most important thing to do before you start anything.
It ain't easy being a teenager in our time man. The world is full of judgemental people now.
People who came after me has already finished eating their food. Man, I am ready to rage.
HAHAHAHAHAH I ALMOST DIED LAUGHING RT twitterusername twitterusername my dear friend twitterusername scared of butterfly WHAT THE SHIT MAN.
??twitterusername twitterurl you ready for the twitterusername combo of Myungsoo/L twitterusername and twitterusername THIS IS A SCARY MAN
Taiwan's HTC looks to Iron Man for rescue: Taiwan's struggling smartphone maker HTC is hoping Hollywood action... twitterurl
OH JAE OPPA "exoluzi: So he is the camera man aka Beatburger for EXO's dance practice vid\
Happy bornday to my one and only boyfriend,bestfriend, husband thanks being the best man in my life.?? twitterurl
That's the hulk"twitterusername Are you a man? RT twitterusername Getting ready for cam on twitterurl twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Lee Kwang Soo of ??Running Man??? Woos Singapore - the Diplomat: Lee Kwang Soo... twitterurl #asia #google
When I get a man, I know how to keep one lmao but then niggas get crazy
I need to get rid of oral in my mind. Its over man its over stop dwelling on it.
HAHAHAHA!! BINGO! Yea you too alright!! Stay strong man. Let those k... ??? LOLOLOL THANKS LAHHH YOU SLEEP EARLY!! :) twitterurl
I swear man the printing company is taking too long to reply me a quotation. Yall sleeping or something?
LOL idk man. Guys with a hell lot of girls in their friendlist is a no-no for me.
Kunci na adlh kesabaran bro! XD author of Eyeshield n One Punch Man Yusuke Murata drawing [USTREAM]: twitterurl
??twitterusername mama, just killed a man , put a gun against his head,pulled my trigger now he's dead??? Quality
??twitterusername twitterusername love u??? this is the shit I'm talking about people...such a bipolar man he is
Man opens fire in restaurant in Germany, killing two people and injuring five others before taking his own life twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterurl man what is monkey leader doing? Who's she twitterusername poor Kwanghee looks like siwan happy Aussie mile away
Kids' deaths in China: Boy run over by ambulance, girl slammed on ground by man twitterurl twitterurl
US man comes back to life 45 minutes later after hearts stop beating twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Feeling damn tired. Don't want to work at all man. Zzz. Trendcare is such an ass nowaday. -.-
Police, SCDF activated to resolve stand-off with armed man at Chai Chee flat twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
I saw this man being all flirtatious to this woman. So I checked out his profile twitterurl
Elon Musk shows off Iron Man-style rocket design with gestures and 3D printing (video) twitterurl #gadgets #tech
yea... waiting for 25 mins going - 30min on duty finder already.... so whats the average waiting time man... #FFXIV
Journalist finds a new angle on Burning Man: it's another conference where people make business deals. twitterurl
Weird record! RT twitterusername Man United end a run of 82 PL matches without a 0-0 draw. #MUFC
why did I even make the decision lol fuck man should have just given the ticket to someone else
Busy man starts today. Finish up all my admin stuff. Then tomorrow trekking at MOUNT SELAI WITH BOSSES!  :)
So we have mistress now... etc!!! Man I swear to god... she better stop playing with me
I can't wait for this week and next week's episode of running man. Esp this week's intro dance
"The man who asks you to sacrifice, intends on being your master, and you the slave." - Ayn Rand
Fight at Causeway: Driver bumps man with car after he got out to snap pics twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername Nothing is better than laying in bed all day with my handsome man and relaxing.??? twitterusername yuuup
Later after school going Toa Payo buy another one. Lucky it's onli $9.80 but it's freaking Loud man Dammmm!
Meet twitterusername ,this young man saw me from a distance, walked towards me, gave me a hug and?? twitterurl
lats word: remove -man, add -off RT twitterusername Alonso taking selfies on the podium. What a showman #f1
you're half a man too #threeandhalfmen #lame RT twitterusername Why am I having lunch with 3 men.
Awaken from my 21hrs of sleep. Energy restored but body leg still aching due to running man.
Don't know whether to laugh or .... RT twitterusername Man caught having SEX with a Land Rover twitterurl
[TheVerge] Robo-mate exoskeleton could eliminate threat of injury for industrial workers: Can pairing man with machine help prevent c...
yeah... it's true that everyone has their own limits and whatever but come on man that's a tad bit pathetic
Then. There's this- A man should act like.a.man. Viewing pictures of female models at a formal event? .... It isn't acceptable.
Adilla has to wake up man. I need to shower alr. hahahah 7 calls tak cukup ? haiya this girl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Raymond's Park Avenue beer shampoo ad 'Cheers to Man Hair' seeks to ..... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Nah man, I'm sticking to android phones. But still.. iPhone 5s looks classy lei? Never owned one before..
For every other man in their country? RT twitterusername Family demand hanging ahead of Delhi gang-rape verdict  twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for 3 1/2 years for cheating insurance companies with false accident claims twitterurl
Myungsoo, u're so sneaky!! [Fancam] Myungsoo unbutton Sungyeol's shirt while performing Man In Love 130907 twitterurl #MyungYeol
Never works man ??twitterusername today i'm trying to write music without coffee as an experiment (that'll probably be short-lived)???
Man I was going through my bookmarks and found this appreciation post of ontd_ai twitterurl omfg all the memories
What's wrong with finding ideas from google or copying tweets? Everyone does that. Fucking grow up man lol
Mine like starting tomorrow siah. Damn sian man. ??twitterusername Exactly 15 more days to internship i need to enjoy more???
Director of Vincentius follows me on instagram. Whaddup who da man now. *wipes dust off ma shoulder*
What type of girl are you man posting his number on twitter . Kau ada maruah , de pun ad sak
Happy 90th Birthday, Mr Lee. i heart this man. LOTS.  Good read:  Interviewing Lee Kuan Yew twitterurl via twitterusername #fb
HELLO PINDIAN hope your ankle gets better soon take care ya! ??? EH THANKS YA! WILL RECOVER SOON MAN! twitterurl
MBLAQ Mir joined Real Man Chuseok special twitterurl <- can also see ZE:A Hyungsik, Sam Hammington & the rest of the cast ^^
Look small and I am still dealing with light weights. Need my buddy to help me on these triceps man
The porn ads should really stop popping out man . I wanna watch the match . Annoying ass fuck .
unicorn is not a half man half animal u baka ??? sorry luh.. dont anyhow call people baka == twitterurl
No prob man! RT twitterusername I Am Hardwell Singapore was so amazing! Thank you Singapore! Thank you twitterusername  !! twitterurl
[EVENT] Meet the Running Man Cast at Jurong Point Ahead of ???Watsons Race Start! in Singapore??? twitterurl
Sometimes, I wonder what's lacking in you till those man doesn't see the good in you. You're not?? twitterurl
The most dangerous notion a young man can acquire is that there is no more room for originality. - Henry Ford
Gah. I can't stop smiling and tearing over this. I watched him grow up man. (': 2009-now twitterurl
[Y!FB] #Masturbating in public may soon be legit in #Sweden after 65-year-old man charg...: #Mastur... twitterurl #singapore
The doctor told brown that prostrate cancer is the 2nd most deadliest thing for a black man
walao the SP kids look damn fun man... then again maybe the maritime academy isn't this fun meh
yeah, we won man utd at jalan besar stadium. RT twitterusername Anfield is such a difficult stadium.\
"twitterusername Running Man Marathon on Astro One HD. Yay going to have a good laugh for the whole night. Hahaha."
Every game, Man Utd play like a middle table team. With no/half fuck desire to win.
Today's the day man Utd splits into #MoyesIn and #MoyesOut. Really stupid for Moyes to not do anything at HT.
How fat are you ?twitterusername ??? As fat as the fittest man on earth---- not fat at all twitterurl
Girls who don't watch soccer, stop babbling around & shut the fuck up!!! Same goes to the Man U haters...
watching running man when there are 10 days left to eoys wow i need to get my priorities sorted out
still thinking about how much stronger will man utd be if baines came... such a classy player
[PICS] 130921 RACE START! in Beijing Fanmeet Concert - TWO HANDSOME MAN HAHA & KIM JONGKOOK??? twitterurl (CR: as tagged)
Sigh my poor bb RT twitterusername [Spoilers] Lee Kwang Soo's streak of bad luck continues on 'Running Man' twitterurl
Support Malaysian product by like our Running Man The Comic fb page. Tq for your support lovely?? twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for suspected serial housebreaking and theft: Police have arrested a 40-year-old... twitterurl #singapore
Of all the big matches, no matter in what competition, Man U & Liverpool always create the most tense...
Just hope Man U will play their best & use their best starting XI. Please la Moyes. Urgh...
I survived kids' teasing. that's the worst thing in the world lol. idgaf what a grown man has to say
Cant deny that Wayne Rooney has been the best player so far this season for Man Utd.
Tak move on sia"twitterusername A Vietnamese man slept next to his dead wife's body for five years."
This episode of Dead Good Job: a DIY Mormon funeral, a living wake & a funeral for a #ForeverAlone man twitterurl
"twitterusername Chinese man sentenced to death for hurling toddler to ground after argument over parking space: twitterurl -CJ"
de gea really needs to wake up man.. playing like its 2011/12 season all over again
[Y!FB] Who is this Hollywood heir dubbed "best looking man"? Find out here: twitterurl Who is ... twitterurl #singapore
So true. "twitterusername ?? A man is about as big as the things that make him angry. ??? ??? Winston Churchill"
I feel really sorry cause that man elbow broke.... Even it's not my fault. I just feel .... mmm
Most of them said "haaa dewo you're so funny man you should be comedian" unfortunately I am... :))
Now I realise that all a man need to attract a girl is to be successful and nothing more
Hahaha apparently playing hide and seek with the phone man haha wasted 20 min finding it plus my maths stuff
I'm trying to hit the gym after class and work on my butt man. That shit needs work.
sigh... idk how to feel anymore man. its like i waited for a year and this was the return..
Al Kebab's Chief Recruiter in Kenya: twitterurl via twitterusername This man 'Makaburi'! Why are the authorities entertaining him?
suffering because I just had pepperoni pizza without coke.... WHAT IS PEPPERONI PIZZA WITHOUT A CAN OF COKE MAN?
Young supporter of Chelsea since 2004 after supported Man United. Till now, 9 years of support, I'm?? twitterurl
There's an old man who dress like Wak Doyok and I just can't stop staring at his mustache. Lol.
Man I'm addicted to that song now ^^ Love all these songs that's so stress-relieving for me :D
#PREACH RT ??twitterusername #SingleLadies remember he's a man... Stop trying to make him think like a woman...???
i wish this man would email back so i know what to do about this quiz that i cannot find!
Yeeeeay... \\(^__^)/ "twitterusername 'Heirs' Kim Woo Bin, Park Shin Hye, and Choi Jin Hyuk film for 'Running Man' twitterurl
Man fighting to stay in New Zealand aims to convince judges he's a refugee suffering from climate change twitterurl
Ooh! Ooh! Running Man is coming to Singapore and one of the places they'll visit is Jurong Point!! Oh yeah
waha damn zai! ==> This 98-Year-Old Man Spent 13 Years Creating Remarkable Art in MS Paint twitterurl
Have you seen this man?: SINGAPORE - Police are appealing for information on the whereabouts of 73-year-old On... twitterurl
??twitterusername For his last few days, a hospital let this man have his loyal dog beside him. twitterurl
Really, there's always something intriguing bout a man who is able to portray such level of confidence.
Seriously I have no idea how the man behind our table can withstand his bitch of a wife whining & complaining. -.-
BREAKING: Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray, becoming the first man to win 3 Australian Open singles titles, back to back
LOL OBVSLY THEY WILL ALWAYS BE not like they will grow boobs or ok maybe man boobs lol
[INTERVIEW] ???Running Man??? producer interviewed on producing for the show & explains the qualities of each cast member twitterurl
twitterurl Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death: SINGAPORE: The lover of... twitterurl
[News] Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death: SINGAPORE: The lover of a businessman... twitterurl
"You got some balls for a china man" "im korean." HAHAHAHA OMG I LOVE YOU LA GLENN!!
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Nick Pitera One Man Tribute to Disney's The Lion King on Broadway
Fuck this hamster bite real hard man u can hear the teeth moving like a drilling machine
Angkat! See you too Abang Sapau ;) RT twitterusername twitterusername yeah man! hope to see u around la hamsum :)
Early morning ha? O_O #ggmu  RT"twitterusername Next game: Man Utd vs Southampton 31/1/2013 Thursday 4:00 AM"
man I swear she fine homes, why she always lie doee, tellin me them diamonds when she know they rhinestones
Thanks for sacrificing a lot for us, Cody. :) you truly are a great man. Love you. ? twitterusername twitterurl
ok~ RT twitterusername Don't underestimate them RT twitterusername Man united jumpe Reading FA cup 5th round..alaaaa kacang!
Oh my fuck he winked back I'm gonna have the best sleep of my life tonight man LOL
People be like..."loyalty is everything " then fuck around on they're man/shorty ...you're only fooling yourself
Man, I'm getting massive out-of-order tweet delivery all of a sudden. Did someone kick twitter in the junk?
One day man.. one day. You will be under me. Just wait. You will come respecting me.
[News] Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council: SINGAPORE: A resident who accused Sembawang T... twitterurl
Can't believe lil bro is 17 this year. Grow up too fast man. Buat releks ah bro
SA tycoon donates half his wealth: South Africa's richest black man, mining magnate Patrice Motsepe, announces h... twitterurl
The true love suddenly broken, not only but like the old man who has lost the stick.
Better than best. RT twitterusername Best sangat ker ?"twitterusername Its time. To watch Running Man ep 131."
Wouldn't be surprised if I had every terminal illness known to man. I don't really take care of myself.
all about My World, all about Never Say Never, all about Believe ... Its really freaking cool man ~
Just now PE , twitterusername anger mode makes me laugh man until i'm the victim kena. Hahaa. :D Nice acting dude ^^
Football: Man Utd add Japan date to Asian tour: TOKYO: Manchester United announced on Tuesday they will visit Ja... twitterurl
That old man this afternoon had me cursing with his way of driving i fucking cant stand it
Why won't my hair grow any faster man I'm sick of being unable to comb it back.
I'm close to being a free man..  11th March, lets hope it will turn out good insyallah.
A fool if I take it all for granted , a smart man if I keep my feet planted !
AsiaClassifiedToday: Man Utd add Japan date to Asian tour - Yahoo! Singapore News: Yahoo! Singapor... twitterurl #asia #google
my crush is a man united fan. such a big turn off. Ok bye. i'm done with him.
the man on 8 out of 10 cats just said he wants to be in little mix omg same
fts man why are my answers not the same as the answers at the back m(_ _)m
Gonna go watch Running Man Ep 129!! L?!!! Finally got the time to watch shows!! So happy ?!!
??twitterusername twitterusername Chey go there lepak only get 10 per hour? Lol!??? Yeah man wasted I overslept..
Counting ctr: 100+ gathered outside Nth Vista Sec Sch, including media. Ice-cream man setting up shop at street... twitterurl
i tried man, i really did. but you gave up so there's nothing more i could do.
"The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large."\
Oh man, I just got robin hooked on subway surfer. She hasn't said a word to us in an house
The sudden feeling of creating another Twitter account just for the sake of creating it... dafuq man...
You get mad if you're man talking to another female, but you're doing the same shit just haven't gotten caught
It's so bloody disgusting man I swear. Who will even throw down her USED pad from the window?!?!
??twitterusername Prayed just now . For twitterusername 's mom .. I aint just words bro??? thanks alot man. Insyaallah she'll be fine .
not opening all the pictures about running man ep 130 because i've had enough spoilers for the day HAHA
Im on leave enjoying my afternoon sleep and my workplace really have to disturb me by calling me up.wadafuck man.
Omg this ns man pushed other people away just to get their seat. So zek ark omfg.
So pretty RT twitterusername Ace Ji Hyo daebak ???? that's what made her my fav character in running man :)
??twitterusername Your father is a man who taught you who you are. ???Aladdin (The King of Thieves)???
omfg raiyan you pussy bitch wish happy bday also dont want!!! YOURE DEFINITELY NOT A MAN. WOMAN.
"twitterusername VIDEO: Pakistani girl shot by Taleban says she is recovering twitterurl twitterurl Aw man I admire her.
Then this man reading newspaper then fall off from his hands as if the newspaper is like transparent like that .
Someone help us cause we're doing our best. Trying to make it work but man these times are hard.
Its about two beautiful lady trying to get married to rich old man and grab their money but failed
well said man :D RT twitterusername #DescribeSarawak Beautiful. Both the people and the place. I just love Bario :)
Oh man,this is the first time in over a month that I've heard the flag raising music.
I tried every method to push u away, doing everything possible situations but nothing seems to work. oh man
Man 'lured PCs to their deaths': A fugitive lured police officers to him before shooting them repeatedly and the... twitterurl
Really hope nothing happen to cik man. I know you're strong, allah is always by your side??
I wish the man who's running in Temple Run can run likaa boss without fall into the river. Lulz
Panama arrests 'Colombian drug lord': A Colombian man is arrested in Panama on suspicion of leading The Office d... twitterurl
As the reds go marching On, On, On..!! ? Glory Glory Man United by The World Red Army ??? twitterurl
I dont know where I put the house key...in the car ? Oh man...Daddy just made it for me..
Today take photo,  I felt lost. Don't know where to stand. Everyone is in a pair. Me: camera man.
"twitterusername Stop letting men treat you like shit & get a man who will treat you like the queen that you're."
She was like "Oh my, you tall, handsome young man, would you hold my hand darling?" ?? twitterurl
Seriously man 2 million wasted just for PSY, you better buy concert tickets for malaysian sleepers and sheepcats.
??twitterusername WHAT DID I JUST MAKE OMG crying twitterurl man I hate you this is not legal
im eating udon at 6.30 in the morning while watching the new ep of running man. yeah , life is good. ?
Omg this is so cute. I jz saw an old man holding his wife's hand AJXIXAJANXYEJ. Its just too cute!
Fuck Valentines! We're muslim! Celebrate UEFA Champions League sua, tngk Real Madrid vs Man Utd lagi swee.
Meshuggah played last night w/o their vox man Jens. their audience became their vox. so amazing!
Let a man dream come on Cheryl Cole can be my girlfriend if she breaks up with her boyfriend
Please please please don't tell me Jesicca, Hyoyeon, Taeyeon are going to appear in Running Man........... PLEASE NO
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.
Man I want some lobster and crab legs somebody gone have to make time to go eat with me! #DinnerOnme
Learn Bookkeeping in 7 Days - Don't Fear the Tax Man - Learn Bookkeeping in 7 Days: Don't Fear the Tax... twitterurl
Your tone is like " h a h a oscar pistorius is a killer. Your inspirational man is a killer"
#nw Real Madrid v Man United  @ Restoran Singgah Selalu (Johor Bahru, Johor) on Thu at 2:54 AM twitterurl
Madness, You want me to bring my gaming rig from home to the office to use? NO WAY MAN
HAHAHA OMG Arvin sorry man my Skype Errrrrrrr RT twitterusername Hi twitterusername I'm waiting Skype w you sia
"twitterusername twitterusername I know man we still good" yea i respect ya grind youngin cant hate on game
"The man being investigated is believed to hold the position of assistant director and that he's been suspended... twitterurl
Omg new Tamil drama on Vasantham! ???My Fair Lady???, about a Chinese woman (?) who marries an Indian man.\
Am not gonna tweet the i am a free man part because i don't want to because saje je.
I last time die-die thought that the singer who sang When A Man Loves A Woman was black. LOL
Chris brown T.I. Future trey songz and bird man shut studio live down last night #epic twitterurl
Word Abdi is winning. A man that can make a woman laugh can make her do anything ;) owwwwwwwwwwww
Top Iraq intelligence man 'killed': The head of Iraq's intelligence academy, Ali Aouni, and two bodyguards die i... twitterurl
Think, Singapore! > SMRT chief exec: Man on a mission to change things: He digs deep, asking staff for feedback ... twitterurl
Iphone map is a huge help for now! They speak out man! "Turn left 500m" "Uturn ahead" "Shut up"
The man who created prata is a genius he deserves like a Nobel Peace prize award or something
flipping through my notes...can't sleep..haha nothing went in. too much man, let's call it a day.
Aight working on a sitter n man its cold too hell RT twitterusername twitterusername yea lets go
I wonder if it's awkward for the one white man in our church when the pastor talks about slavery. #BlackHistoryMonth
And w my korean lovin' groupmates, we end up watching Running Man '7 grownups playing hide and seek' LOL ??
You can judge a lot about a man by how he talks, acts and respects his mother.
Man jailed for cheating friend of $10000 with a restaurant investment lie: An employee of the Ministry of Food (... twitterurl
Intention was to leave at 6. Until he came in and call out loud "sayaaang..sayang ah.." Oh man.
Because i'm a Yes Man. Everything is a positive. Keep nodding for as long as you can.
??!! ? ??!! ^^ RT twitterusername KJK is performing One Man for his encore stage and fans are singing along out loud! #sgkwave #kjkinsg
i watch running man until i damn irritated with jung min . zzzzzzz i hate him . anti-fan #1
THIS man. RTRT??twitterusername I wonder who has a crush on me. Nah forget it I'm ugly???
i like how three of the trends in singapore are all related to running man :D #PeacefulGaryDay "KJK" "IMM"
Love Dont Live There . Struggling ? She Been There , She Aint Got No Heart ,Shawty Like The Tin Man .
??twitterusername Man United ??twitterusername Idk why i hate liverpool so fucking much.?????? Fuck your life real hard. Fuck you.
??This thing makes my thesis more "contemporary" twitterusername Philippine 'sultan' says gunmen will 'fight to last man' twitterurl
Oh man!! Hahaha... Now that you reminded me... You couldn't stop commenting throughout hahaha.. But was fun :) twitterusername
During SCANDAL autograph session.. can someone be a camera man???? ;A; i want a picture of me in it ahhhhh
Tyren up tryna kick it!!!! Lol my tee tee man is soooo cute! Welcome to the world baby??????
one call from the old man and he settled my charge, what bloody sorcery/witchcraft is this????????
omg running man all of them their faces was like OH MY TIAN jackie chan is right infront of them!
I'm in charge of buying ALL the great food or #HotBreakfastBBQParty! I've even a hired a professional Prata man! twitterusername
JUST IN: S'porean man, Phua Chuan Chin, missing in Hawaii after being swept off rocks on Kauai's north shore - MFA
62-year-old Singapore man missing after being swept out to sea by strong wave in Hawaii:  twitterurl
Morning Wednesday, Morning sunshine, Morning Man utd, Morning Real Madrid, Morning the stupido reff, have a nice day ^^
Former Man Utd hero Ronaldo scores winning goal to send former club out of Champions League twitterurl via twitterusername
omg cute <3 RT "twitterusername Now His is such a handsome young man! <3 cr: Noah's instagram ! #Noaholics ... twitterurl
omg cute ? "twitterusername Now His is such a handsome young man! &lt;3 cr: Noah's instagram ! #Noaholics #AdminKim twitterurl
Interesting story on ex-Man City defender Ray Ranson's firm, which bets on players' transfer values: twitterurl
watching running man but all I can focus on is on the Tadao Ando's Glass house hahaha
Fuck man, what the fuck is wrong sia at first is contact go crazy, now is battery got problem.
Tonight's resident chef is IAN the PRATA MAN twitterusername go say Hi to him coz he's cooking all your dinner :)
Ferry Collision: Search and rescue operations underway for man who went missing after an accident at sea twitterurl
Your life so complete.Got everything you want phone&camera&cars&house&girlfriend.But u still complain it? Hell man
The right man will love all the things about you that the wrong one was intimidated by.
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername I don't know man i'm free today. Anything beepings.??? Okay go
??twitterusername Woman mauled to death by lion as had sex, man escaped wearing only a condom: Zimbabwe report twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Crazy World: Man faces jail for laughing at home - Emirates 24/7: Crazy... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Woman mauled to death by lion as had sex, man escaped wearing only a condom: Zimbabwe report twitterurl
Damn.. My uncle's always coming home at least twice a week with new watches. Filthy rich man.
Really feel like watching Running Man again :( But then... too much tutorials and revision to do :( *sighs*
Today was another fucking great night man with twitterusername twitterusername Joshua Noah Jeremiah David and some dude #Ikea
watching The Man with Iron Fist. not sure what is it about but Javier is in it though...
??twitterusername Man hurts Hornbill bird by grabbing it around the neck just to take pictures twitterurl thats just mean
why yours name Mathyldasofly should be mathildasofat ... ??? omg ikr. sorry man i'm too dumb. didn't think of that... twitterurl
Required reading for class: It's love at first sight for naive young man and a phantom Egyptian pyramid ghost queen.\
im ready for my funeral, with me still alive and no one will be coming. saddest weekend ever man
Aiseh man any gifts for em kids back at ymc? ??? Aiseh too many kids too lottle money la sigh twitterurl
Currently, SCV Channel 823 is airing Running Man EPI 69 where Choi Minsoo came for the second time! :) twitterurl
twitterusername haha it's cold everywhere. And thanks for the encouragement man! Eager to see the complete iPhone version.
RT twitterusername Why did the chinese man fall down the stairs? He got shot in the face.
twitterusername twitterusername I was watching flumpool on tv and my dad was like "You like old man bands ah?" ._.
Rex On Techs: RIM stays the odd man out on Apple???s win twitterurl #news #hot #business
Cook is his own man. Jobs will never sanction a iPhone + iPod launch + a live band for the press.
Real Recognize Real! RT twitterusername Man jailed for using fake degrees, forging testimonials to get senior management jobs twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: The Last Man Asian Literary Prize - New York Times (blog): New York Ti... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
#lifestyle #news: Man gets jail for assaulting policeman with baton: Ahmad Syidi Awang was sentenced ... twitterurl #singapore
Hi limited vocab guy. i burnt your lanjiao man. RT twitterusername twitterusername i keep burning him . Go see the convo !
Americans, South Korean dead in Philippine fire: MANILA: Three Americans and a South Korean man were among six p... twitterurl
I wanna make KC pop tho niggas n it for dey self can't be like that man !
"twitterusername sucks being sick...take care of ur health everyone twitterurl OMG ARE U OKAY? MAN that looks painful
Man Utd Vs Liverpool later on . Biggest rivalry of all . Hopefully Howard Webb wont kill the game off ?? #YNWA
Gotta laugh! RT twitterusername BREAKING: Man United legend Howard Webb's statue unveiled at Old Trafford this morning. twitterurl
Ohhh this. RT twitterusername I'm tellin you, man. Life is way more fun when you don't take yourself too seriously.
Jesus said "may the man that is sinless cast the first stone." everyone kept quiet and slowly they walked away.
mini shoot with twitterusername just now, thanks man! Looking forward to seeing you in Design soon! twitterurl
I have yet to finish up on my WFB project and here i am watching running man. ??
JR man liao! "twitterusername Fucking tired day,march 4km wif everything on plus fieldpack more than 15kg??"
Be very careful there little gay man, I've got dozens of way to kick your feminine ass =))
My aunty watching the match w her date at chimes. She's supporting LIVERPOOL while her date supporting MAN UTD. ??
Man Utd 2-1 Liverpool: Manchester United beat rivals Liverpool at Old Trafford to enhance their Premier League t... twitterurl
I am the Music Man(Books with Holes (Board Books)) Illustrated by Debra Potter - I am the Music... twitterurl
German truck manufacturer MAN has joined a government backed scheme to protect jobs by reducing working hours. twitterurl
I know you'll read this. Dear man. Please don't wait. Please don't. Jangan harap apa apa dari saya. Sincerely, me.
Strumming to my old guitar after a period of time... but my left thumb is already cramping :( *ohh man*
If you can't take care of yourself, you don't deserve to be taking care of others. Said the wise man.
So, someone has made a joke about rape? He should feel bad if he thought that he is a man.
omg people at kl airport is on a luck man they see SO MANY IDOLS AT ONE SHOT
Dumb hoe RT twitterusername basic hoe. RT twitterusername So you left your family, friends, EVERYTHING, for a man....K.???
"God is my sugar daddy" - Top model, Ishioma Onyebo, says there is no rich man spoiling her - Nigeria twitterurl
The forkers saving open source from a corporate bear hug: Promising tale of Portugal's Salt man Open ... and Shu... twitterurl
Im auppose to alight at tiong bahru why the hell did I get out at outram.wat was I thinking man
I don't even give af about getting in trouble any more man. I naturally fuck things up :/ .
punch me and i will take it like a man. tickle me? well. try catching me first. ??
A BUS?! RT twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl
Kah kah kah "twitterusername Exposing a man???s genitals to sunlight can cause his testosterone level to rise by 200%."
you're screwed up & brilliant, you look like a million dollar man so why is my heart broke?
Guys these days really likes to go for those fucking under average ones. Seriously whats wrong man... Er
oh this man RT twitterusername Any girls who can catch my boyfriend attention, you can have him. twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername I appreciate you too dude. I know you can get this man.??? I'm glad someone thinks so. ????
"twitterusername twitterusername can throw Jjong in and let him DJ or not? One man show" actually can bring roo
"One man, one women... framework of a stable family"... my parents are divorced, stable family my ass.
Mercedes AMG engine guru to join VW: Friedrich Eichler starts new job this summer: The man credited with develop... twitterurl
Thanks so much man bro :( Hope you're doing fine, take care :) RT twitterusername twitterusername My sincere condolences.
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah ma man, respond in english. Terus cakap " Ni hao mah "??? HAHAHAHHAHA ITU JE TAU
Lol, You Not Short."twitterusername Man i wish i can grow ah lil more smh iont wanna be short nshit"
Q: What did one math book say to the other?A: Man I got a lot of problems!
no man allowed in your bedroom,you're sleeping alone in your bed. check your window,he's at your window.
Someone asked me about meeting other HIV+ guys and how to navigate this as a poz gay man. twitterurl
Man jailed two weeks for insulting modesty by filming upskirt video at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station twitterurl
"A real man never stop trying to show the girl how much he love her even after he got her."
heehee^^ i won't force de ok..twitterusername ya lo..its nicer in Korean! try watching Running Man in Canto, twitterusername
Why is Man-in-White attempting to discuss AIM-gate at this hour? Desperate much? #punggoleast #wp #rally
right when i get used to white girls, i move to a place with hella filipinos. fuck man.
Done watching kill theory. It's a sick show man. But okaylah imdb gave the correct rating once again
Heyyyyy #Truth RT twitterusername U can alwayz see the character of a man by the woman he chooses!!!!!!!!!!
Oh man, at least Yunho will have Yesung and Jaejoong in the army with him! Hehe :3
??twitterusername Phuket on march. Melbourne on December. Always looking forward to travel around with my man.??? AUSSIE AUSSIE!
Court clears goat of flower crime: A magistrate in Australia dismisses charges against a man fined for letting h... twitterurl
I really thank twitterusername for looking out for me. You're a brother than a friend to me definitely man
If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live -MLK
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man: The Shocking Story of How America Really Took Over the World By... twitterurl
Am so looking forward for this Saturday and next Saturday! Oh man c'mon. Tired from working . Need a break.
I just daydream of being a business man so I can dress in fancy clothes all day every day.
Hopefully there's a running man ep that jackie chan can join them! that one super super cool ! twitterusername
Wow. 2 and half hour of studying Rolling Stock module for this friday exam was like boomz, 20 chapters man.
On a very related note, Exo is crampiing my style. Get another title for your damn song man sheeeesh.
Hahahhaha ok i shall pray then continue w running man ep 84 this shit is getting interestingggg
Shenzhen man goes crazy with chopper at market, attacking dad-in-law and himself twitterurl via twitterusername
Shall i just continue running man movie marathon or shall i just have my rest and sleep?
#lifestyle #news: Singapore bracing for worst dengue epidemic: One man, aged 20, has died from the ... twitterurl #singapore
Omg sorry man I cannot do turorials anymore my back is breaking pls let me go to Australia lol
Its Loo Wei Teck man, test is not gonna be easy. Just look at the past year papers.
We are living in a world where a old man has to give his seat to a pregnant women.
I'm already broken, already gone, already know you're moving on. I'm a breathing, talking, dead man, walking~
[News] Man sentenced 3 years' jail, caned for molesting daughter: A father of three was sentenced on Tuesday t... twitterurl
[News] Man sentenced 3 years' jail, 4 strokes cane for molesting daughter: A father of three was sentenced on ... twitterurl
Lmao wtf nigga"twitterusername twitterusername forgot you was cute man my bad looking at this new avi n shit smh"
That pervert should had went biz peep at girl instead of eng man. Hahaha so true at the confession.
"twitterusername Cute or what man !! Big eyes u hve there.. twitterusername twitterurl yg pipi montok mcm cik tah tu comel!!!!
Date w my man right now. Look at his pissed off face "APA NI ASEK MAIN HP AJA!!! twitterurl
I have no idea what's wrong with me man, don't tell me it's some disorder okay. I eat regularly
The thought of waking up early just to go to school. "Why the fuck school starts in the morning man?"
Oh yeah, there will be DG and Msia vloggers joining a so called "running man" at Sentosa. Hahha wow.
The beginning of Free Now reminds me of Damon. Idk man just basically the whole song minus the mother part
There's no point you changing yourself into a better man..... Look, you're becoming from bad to worse
Jgn lupe ye vote n bawa twitterusername battle ..final #VersusMY jz taip VS5 MAN hantar ke 33399 . Undi jgn xundi..
A Japanese woman, a Spanish man and their guide have died climbing Nepal's rugged Dhaulagiri mountain. twitterurl
Was browsing Asos and I realized I wanna buy alot of things! Tshirt, watch, backpack, etc etc!! Oh man !
Yeah man :( RT twitterusername Ever walked into a room filled with people and felt even more alone ?
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. liar liar penis on fire..
French police arrest 22-year-old man in connection with stabbing of French soldier in Paris twitterurl
Oh so you took 18hrs to reply me ah kk takpe man ana!!! RT twitterusername twitterusername haha ;( *cries*
Hahaha THISSS!! RT twitterusername - A #Gemini woman will get what shes wants without her man knowing he is being manipulated.
I forgot tmr is FRIDAY YAAAAY after school lepak at jenny's crib heheheh iron man again heheheh
Still don't believe in ''Every man for himself''... if everyone can work together and suceed why not
whose going genting with u? ??? wankas man;) if you ain't a wanka you ain't a wanka twitterurl
Moyes like bringing everton over to man u . Might as well dun come sia come already sack this and that
And that's for man up Thursday. Come back tmrw to see me struggle during training! :D Hahahah damnnnn
[CNA] Man jailed, fined for unlicensed moneylending offences: A realty firm director has been hande... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername When you leave someone's life, dont ever come back. They are not your doorman.??? Or your wilson carpark man..
no more jixiang pls ??? Why no more Jixiang man hes really handsome.  Are you more handsome than him?... twitterurl
When i get to sit down thru out the walk,that is the best thing ever man!
Tahan for 3 more hours only. My bloody stomach ain't acting like a man today. So weak.
I miss that someone who sang The man who cant be moved for me before i go to sleep
That moment when im in the toilet and someone off my light, swear I can faint man.
"twitterusername Spurgeon's "tweet" to the man droning on and on in prayer:  "Call Him 'Father,' and ask Him for something."
But hey what do i know. Just a humble man, with a dream no dollar. Trying to make it
I'm not overweight and yet I have some issues with that. Where the hell do they get their confidence man
Nothing like man nipples in the morning. twitterusername tumblr updated w/ pics from their EU/US tour 2012.?? twitterurl
I Just Got Loads Of Music To Study Man! These 60's and 70's Is Straight CLASSIC!! #DCMG
Celebs Peggy Heng and Xavier Ong help the needy -- by giving old man McDonalds' treat twitterurl twitterurl
Man, I wanna try and shout into Tammy's ear and see if she can really go death. Mweehehehhe
#656 - I freakin' dreamt of you man yesterday night I swear! Anw you're a nice guy, see you soon!
I'm barely awake at 1145pm on a Friday night.  Man,  battery level weakened greatly after the op.  Zzzz
"The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances."\
Going to take cert alooone! Nazmi prioritise his fucking pixelated movies than his bestbro. Thanks man. You're the best.
#MYMUM actually complained that Superman isn't wearing his underwear on the outside in Man of Steel. #reallymum #really
[News] Four Man Utd legends in S'pore to conduct coaching clinic: Four Manchester United legends -- Andy Cole,... twitterurl
Teacher Fired For Child p****graphy Gets His Job Back Because He???s A ???Family Man??? twitterurl via twitterusername
When playing running man from palawan to siloso beach me and bryan hide on one of the small iceland
??twitterusername Son Turtle Man should be getting Millions!???i thought i was tha only person who watch that bruh
Today The 10th Which Makes it 5Mnths Since This Man Been Gone Sometimes I Cant Even Listen 2His Music?? twitterurl
Shit man i havent even started on APR. But i think i can get it done really fast, I HOPE.
"twitterusername twitterusername see u guys there for #SUL13 and dont forget #FOBinSG on 6th aug too!" Hell yeah man
Ya man. Go to sleep, y'all! RT twitterusername Whoa- why are so many peeps not asleep today. Bizarrrrre.
Tru yall got a name already? ??twitterusername twitterusername ikr but I???m ready for my lil man to get here???
Kanye, Jay electronica lol then idk aha. I'm wrong man "twitterusername Who are my top three music artists?"
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.\
"Oh man! There is no planet sun or star could hold you, if you but knew what you are."\
[We???SG] : Police Appeal: Loanshark HarassmentPolice are looking for the man shown in the photo to a... twitterurl #singapore
ME TOO, VIXXEXO <3 RT twitterusername I'm sure not all EXO fans are like that. I ship VIXXEXO man
9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt. The 10th man prefers the other 9 men.
Police are looking for a man to help with investigations into a case of outrage of modesty: twitterurl twitterurl
YOUR BREAST SIBEI FLAT MAN OMG WORSE THAN WASHING BOARD ??? Really? No leh I A sia twitterurl
Totally not creepy at all RT twitterusername Shit.. RT twitterusername Be the man you would want your daughter to date.
??twitterusername we be beefing over the pettiest reasons man , I don't even care doe -.- lol yes I do .???
LOL!  RT twitterusername WHA whole group hair like Rainbow sia wah wah wah. SO COOL MAN G DRAGON
Heart Goes Out To Diamonds Family Man R.I.P. And Still Can't Believe Jireh Is Gone!! #JirehForever #DCMG
Prepaid card man faster email me my phone number so I can set up my olleh account >.<
Recommend one foreign-language movie! ??? The Intouchables,France. You will never regret watching it man,unless yo... twitterurl
Always wanted to be a police(wo)man? Checkout this exciting video featuring Nuffnang's bloggers! #SPFrecruitment! twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Manoj loved driving BMW in city: Friends - The New Indian Express: Man... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
On 22-06-2013, a man was attacked outside Mambo Beach Club after a small misunderstanding at a party.?? twitterurl
425-Pound man gets 32 months in prison for grabbing and sniffing 10-year-old boy's arm twitterurl via twitterusername
Is that guy doing the translations on #eurosportcycling a professional broadcaster or an unemoyed bin man on work experience?
To be honest, he's the Invisible Man this season, so far..twitterusername RT twitterusername Safig rahim playing?
fuck man what is this shit i am surrounded with kpop fans is this what hell looks like
Music library played titanium, missed the time when team iron man sing this song. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Hey this man on bicycle ride so close to me he trying to hit and run me is it
oh man, just saw that vid of ASkars nearly getting into it with an annoying paparazzi dude in 2010
sorry aussie cant listen to u tonight ...cos i have to wait to see the man i love dearly
[TheVerge] Snowden claims US government violated human rights by pressuring Ecuador to deny asylum: Edward Snowden, the man who revea...
"twitterusername Yeah man i got expert for shooting using M-16 and its sooo fucking awesome!" where is that? :-0
If you're a real man you'll talk to me first instead of it being the other way round.
i want to kill myself ??? Whyyyy? Dont lehhhh. You'll hurt someone who care and love you man twitterurl
Theres a beast in every man. And it stirs when you put a sword in his hand.
"twitterusername twitterusername I'm just hungry. And tired. ):" you said 'man'. Eat something light & rest whenever you can #MondayBlues
Aw man. They left. They are the first person who makes me laugh today when I'm not feeling well thanks.
Thai Government Buying Larger Condoms For Young People Because of Their man-hood Sizes twitterurl via twitterusername
Well played by Courts Young Lions today. Man of the match has got to go to, Syazwan(GK). Kudos bro.
Next time , got extra food must give to poor people. This restaurant is really wasting the food man
Mad loving my blind man raybans from twitterusername (: pretty apt for a pre-lasik present. #raybans twitterurl
Photo: Mad loving my blind man raybans from twitterusername (: pretty apt for a pre-lasik present. #raybans twitterurl
Can't wait for the next episode of running man to be out. Macam gerek je pasal hantu hantu.
man GB needs to get their shit together. I dnt wanna hear no shit when I get to work tonight
I'm not happy. All I want is my pay, is that so goddamn hard? For fuck sake man
To this man, sorry I can't send you off to Brunei for your Army Mission bro. But nevertheless, take?? twitterurl
Yes, to love someone who isnt your ideal man of life is dumb. But that's how you learn another?? twitterurl
Mayday parade live in malaysia and i cannot go again man bc it's on freaking tuesday fml.
baking with twitterusername and she's doing the washing while i'm resting my feet hahaha you're a changed man yo
????????????????????? RT twitterusername #RunningManInSG A short clip of the 5 Running Man stars when they were here in Singapore: twitterurl
Meet Chad ! the handsome swimmer who won first !he is very humble man blessed to be following him?? twitterurl
I'm a slow reader, but i'm a fast rider. No. I'm not wearing a Rider. It's GT-Man.
Man Utd starting XI vs. Real Sociedad: De Gea; Smalling, Ferdinand, Vidi??, Evra; Fellaini, Giggs; Valencia, Kagawa; Rooney; Hern??ndez.
"twitterusername Sports Seoul JPN JUNYOUNG]??? just in case u didn't see AquaMoon's trans ^^ twitterurl geez that old man talk alot
2nd half was something good. But sadly persie missed 2 chances ! FT : Man Utd 0-0 Real Sociedad
Trio jailed for punching, kicking and cutting a man while trying to get money back twitterurl twitterurl
Dark Knight Rises: Batman jailed for theft and drug abuse: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A Singaporean man with an unu... twitterurl
Clean up after your own shit and not leave me to do it every single time. Man up small boy.
Ramin has the most beautiful voice a man can ever be blessed with; like I'm not even joking or exaggerating
[ST] Jobless man jailed for life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer: November 08,... twitterurl #singapore
#lifestyle #news: Elderly man spitting on the MRT: Viral video shows him spitting and blowing mucus... twitterurl #singapore
sian man city so many changes to their squad ._. not good for fpl when pellegrini keeps rotating
??twitterusername [GIF] EXO on Running Man. I'm laughing so hard at Suho xDD twitterurl LAUGH DIE ME SUTAO COMBO
???"A good man does not pursue a woman for her appearance," her husband said. Salute to you.
"twitterusername [Preview] EXO on Running Man twitterurl omg no tao and suho nametag must not being teared away. ??????
??twitterusername Yo ass so amazing man ??twitterusername If you got a girl don???t follow me on Instagram.??????
man looking at my old buds grad night pictures sure brings me back to the end of 2012
Photographer Eric Kruszewski worked on a multimedia piece documenting a 58-year-old man who h... twitterurl #photojournalism
If anyone asks how's life I can say "aww its been baaad man" with a smile on my face.
"A man caught smuggling live pangolins in an ambulance with fake number plates in central Vietnam" fined $20,000. twitterurl
I wasn't wearing anything provocative, yet Caucasian man smacked my butt at coffee shop, says S'pore woman http:// twitterurl
Bukit Timah house fire: Man who died was 'life of the party' twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Whoever you are, keep up with the kuih tarts in the office man they are the sex.
Before you laugh at it, VR Man had more viewers than any Channel 5 programme, including The Noose...
71-year-old man jailed for 3 months for having sex with 17-year-old prostitute twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Just Wrapped Up A Creating Session Wit My Bro twitterusername #WOW 3 Amazing Records Man!! #Sheesh #DCMG
Germany have marked out Tottenham winger Andros Townsend as England's danger man ahead of tonight's friendly at Wembley.
Confucius say, man who run 10km for first time in life, smell like koyok the next day.
Petition | Maximum penalty for the man who raped a dog multiple times in California this week-end!  twitterurl ??????????????????????????????
Who the heck do this to him man ): RT twitterusername Whoever grab his neck like this, please atone (cont) twitterurl
[ST] Man accused of being the hacker who calls himself 'The Messiah' claiming trial: Lawyer: Novemb... twitterurl #singapore
you see you can't just play with ppl's feelings, tell them you love them oh man, and don't admit it.
Man snaps multiple photos of woman on train -- but doesn't realise his own pic is being taken twitterurl twitterurl
Stalkception RT twitterusername Man snaps photos of woman on train but doesn't realise his own pic is being taken  twitterurl
"Every girl has a goalkeeper, but that doesnt mean you cannot score." --- So yeah man, you decide.
[ST] Identity of body found off East Coast identified by cousin as missing Vietnamese man: November... twitterurl #singapore
LOL RT twitterusername Artinya : orang yang gagal move on RT twitterusername the man who can't be moved
??twitterusername This is sad. Al-Fatihah to him (': twitterurl  How heartless can people be.....tearing me up man.
Dude..your retail list must be building up perfectly, congrats on that man...your hard work is showing!!!
Nicole Seah of National Solidarty Party clarifies the allegation by MSM that she is seeing a married man.... twitterurl
A man???s heart plans his way, But the Lord directs his steps. (Proverbs 16:9 NKJV)
The HIMYM episode has 1 second left upon completing and it's just hangs there. Really waiting-for-it man
??twitterusername twitterusername go home half man. Hehehhe sketch aku lagi bagus??? no. People are starting to take advantage of it.
Man wrongly accused of things he didn't posted. Hopes that people will stop accusing him of things he never... twitterurl
I love ur dp man!  so handsome! ??? Haha no lah not so handsome haha but still thanks! :) twitterurl
???? cried la fk. Through this 14epi he nvr dropped a single tear at all man. How could u.
[ST] Man jailed for promising that a CID cop will dispose of evidence against a suspect twitterurl
Undertaker man he got legacy RT"twitterusername Undertaker VS Goldberg at wrestlemania streak vs streak who y'all got"
omg of all places in a ulu place I actually bumped into twitterusername fated man! Hahaha twitterurl
SG police investigating unnatural death of man in his 30s at Swissotel The Stamford hotel (pic: twitterusername ) twitterurl
Okay wait maybe I'm not that healthy after all haha I just had durian roll man oh tastes like heaven
OMFFFFFFF <3 RT twitterusername EXO and Ryu Hyun Jin reported to be the next guests on 'Running Man' twitterurl
#Rosak..RT twitterusername yea man!! Lets go! #juruterbangcute ??twitterusername twitterusername I think AirAsia needs me too. #futurepilot???
Idk about this job man. I'm literally doing nothing. Stand,sit and use my eye power that's all.
"Man brags about driving at 200km/h at night -- and even shows off his speedometer" Really is motoring gundu..\
Thanks so much Surya! RT "twitterusername twitterusername Hey Joshua!! Happy birthday!! :D Have a good one man haha :)"
shit it's so sad (on a side note i wish i didn't know the ending, infuriating man)
Man city just 2 points away from United? Cb, still want to make fun of our start. Knn
??twitterusername "twitterusername Thinking bout this music man and how my bro twitterusername improving .. It's the label tho #AKP"???
Tempat sidai baju patah dua. How am i supposed to sidai my clothes? I wanna cry man
Lol I had to crop the pic cause there was a man right behind us and it looked weird.
Sven-Goran Eriksson claims he signed deal to manage Man United in 2002, David Moyes suddenly not so bad twitterurl
"He who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of the pain of being a man" - DR. Johnson
??twitterusername "He who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of the pain of being a man" - DR. Johnson???
this is why I love having those lads . Bromance seems the craziest thing that could happen to every man . *brofist*
usually i'd see liverpool fans going all #YNWA and hating on man u but where are u guys now ahaha
Win! RT twitterusername From what i see, Liverpool and Arsenal have friendship values. But sorry, not Man Utd haha.
I don't play that shit especially when my moms gone and it's me and my lil siblings. Man say
[ST] Man charged with hacking AMK Town Council site: November 12, 2013 10:14 AMJames Raj Arokiasamy... twitterurl #singapore
Bye Liu Qi! Known you since sec 1! 4 years already! Gonna miss you man! See you soon! twitterurl
The best damn thing ever is watching the Running Man members fighting, arguing, yelling at each other.
[News] Man jailed, caned for molesting another on bus: A construction worker has been sentenced to seven month... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed, caned for molesting another on bus: A construction worker has been sentenced to s... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Happy Birthday to my friend twitterusername .A good man who would make a great Treasurer of FPI. twitterurl
[Y!] Falling roof debris in Bedok nearly hits man: A portion a roof parapet was dislodged from the ... twitterurl #singapore
Enjoying all the bed to myself cos my bro is on a one week vacation yeah man
They're not giving up on him why do you have to prepare the blanket man I don't get it
Ruining people's mood is her niche man. Really, that unique temper of her's will never ever be changed.
??twitterusername Damn,i'm just a teenager and i already have lots of lots of problems? Wtf is this man???? Life
Mader fucker old man stop walking around bang my bag !! God give you eyes to look around ! Nbcb
While waiting for Man United match, i suggest i go study my madrasah stuff for next week LPPI Examinations.
What's with all the death hoax rubbish on the social media... I don't find it funny or anything man...
Do you know that there some guys who envy you?? Hahaaah ??? That's crazy man. Who are they? twitterurl
??twitterusername Omfg today's the day! goodluck norvie lmao??? GOOD LUCK ATE ! Kung ano man yan . Good Luck haha
Seriously can I just kill my man for not being on time....oh wait no I cant
enough hor. Man up RT twitterusername I just can't get used to people leaving my life just like that.
Watched iron man 3 on my laptop earlier thinking that I'd feel sleepy halfway through the movie but nooooo
When the mind itself give you a gaussian blur, you know how it feels to be dead man walking.
Paying extra $15 to ensure that you are given back the right baby is a fucking joke man!
Not being materialistic,if i am getting married,my man need to be able provide me good life with food.
A foreigner was caught begging at Khatib overhead bridge (handicapped old man) yesterday. Is the begging syndicate back??
Man who used expletives on a judge after being sentenced to reformative training gets more punishment twitterurl
??twitterusername Man jailed 7 years for having anal sex with underage girl, 29 years younger twitterurl #Singapore??? ok wtf
My workout music today! twitterusername ! Can you pretend to be, the man I should have been with~ #nowplaying\
46-year-old man sentenced to 7 years??? jail for having sex with family friend???s underage daughter twitterurl
Is that a pun RT twitterusername Running Man members running late at press conference in #Singapore #??????? twitterurl
We miss u RM! RT twitterusername The Running Man press conference has ended! See you guys tomorrow! #RunningManInSG twitterurl
'Bionic man' makes debut at Washington's Air and Space Museum: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A first-ever walking, ta... twitterurl
Hello there! Last long with her yeah take care man!! ??? We will! Thank you so much! :) twitterurl
after two years of watching running man, i finally had the chance to meet them!!!!! touched kjk's hand?? twitterurl
You should have known that Running Man is popular now and then Singaporeans are always kiasu...... you've have known better
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? their bad side of them . hahahaa twitterurl
War News Updates > Did The U.S. Get The Right Man When They Seized Anas al-Liby Last Week In Libya?: \
Seeing niggas that I hang with on daily bases being buried in graves , man it got my mind inaa daze
"twitterusername cant believe its one month till 1D Day !! Lovin your suggestions - keep em coming !!" FYEAH MAN HEHEHE
Man spits in woman's face twice and hurls vulgarities at her after cutting bus queue twitterurl  twitterurl
In other news, I miss my girlf man what the fuck la kimak attachment pls fuck urself
??twitterusername I'm not gg to shave my ball hairs because real man don't shave??? that's the spirit
??twitterusername Younger brother suddenly woke up and said he forgot to brush his teeth. The fck man??? HAHAH
Man I WILL??twitterusername I ain't gone lie if I like you .. On occasion I MAY creep on ya twitter???
On tumblr??twitterusername They exist? RT ??twitterusername Somali man with a 6 pack, I'm still looking for you.??????
#SG NEWS: Man in the centre of "spitting incident" viral video charged and remanded for psychiatric evaluation
#SG NEWS: Man in the centre of "spitting incident" at Woodlands Interchange charged and remanded for psychiatric evaluation
British man can't go anywhere without being made fun of -- because his name is Harry Potter twitterurl
Hey happy birthday man! Hope you get your diamond soon hahaha and don't club too much ah twitterusername
Shem u tired of these blacks? Lol RT twitterusername Strue God, my next Man- Friend is going to be white...
"You're not what you used to be / A candeverous mob saves the door for a dead man" .
Pundeh, this is the Singapore spitting man lah! He think he Mat Cobra! twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
"The man wrote in his diary of the ghastly experience. That's "ghastly" with an H. Not the Pok??mon ah."
Gonna buy my electric guitar soon man !! Maybe tmr ! If time permits or the music shop is open heheh
"twitterusername Man City manager Manuel Pellegrini has ruled captain Vincent Kompany out of Sunday's game at Chelsea #SSFootball"
Video showing scenes of rude man spitting at a lady and intimidating people at woodlands interchange on 22 Oct... twitterurl
lmaoooo bye chad??twitterusername *Lobs to TL wrapped in bacon* RT twitterusername I'm marrying a black man???
So i just show a direction and explain to this China man.! Lucky i can speak chinese. :D
I spent a lot of money on this. My first time buying art. I'm a real man now.
Bought my first piece of art from  an eccentric painter in Bangkok. I'm turning into a real man now :)?? twitterurl
"Your attitude determines your altitude" Smiling wins more friends than frowning" and Whatever the mind of man... twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for attacking wife's lover with choppers: October 07, 2013 12:54 PMA production wor... twitterurl #singapore
Man jailed for attacking wife's lover with choppers: October 07, 2013 12:54 PMA production worker, who returne... twitterurl
I wanna go"twitterusername Twitter be crazy as fuck during spring break when everybody is in panama.. Man"
FAIL LVL : 9999 "twitterusername Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF, Mindef clarifies twitterurl twitterurl
Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF, Mindef clarifies twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Felt so sick after back from #ogssg ahh man .. sneezing and coughing like crazy cough I understand la but sneeze (?)
Why do bitches cry when their man finds out they cheated?  You weren't crying on that outside dick
let me just leave this place for good man, you don't even respect the slightest bit of me.
[CNA] Coroner rules cause of death of man found in trolley bag cannot be determined: The coroner's ... twitterurl #singapore
lol u fucking man slut this kind of lok kuey u also want PUI, i see u no up
Huh? What? Dog kena raped by human? Ermmm....female dog? Raped by a man? Okay...thats just so......sick!
I'd rather struggle things w the man that I love than living w you and live life unhappy.
This Man Injected his Newborn Baby With HIV. But That???s Not Even the Most Shocking Part. twitterurl
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
Cause you're not here with me , and I can't see another man make you smile your smile :')
"Conservation is never just for one man; when done well, its benefits ripple on to the surrounding community" #AHASG2013
because you're such a qt pie !  HAHAHAH cant wait to see you in school ??? Who are you man twitterurl
What the stupid girl waiting for the same man,, you get hurting again ??.. he never have a hope on you
if i could bring anyone back into man united................ it would be these 2. + van der sar twitterurl
"twitterusername If a man whistles at you, do not respond. You are a lady, not a dog."
Hey girl, is he everything you wanted in a man? You know I gave you the world.. #JT
Things to looks forward this week. Monday: Running Man & Appa ordiga. Tuesday-wednesday: anime! Wednesday and Thursday:  Secret Love drama!
Police arrest man who allegedly wanted to rob Yishun bank with Beretta replica air pistol twitterurl twitterurl
??twitterusername SMRT staff criticised for not helping woman who got spat on by man at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl
man u have played a decent game against a mediocre team.. id hardly call that "raping stoke"
Dad's whatsapp pic is too cute, so i have to instagram it x) #tweetybird #whose #the #man twitterurl
Shall have a nap for awhile before Man U's match starts. Oh someone give me a wake up call pls...
[ST] Man found dead at the foot of Boon Lay block as a fire raged in his unit twitterurl
Man found dead at the foot of Boon Lay block as fire raged in his unit twitterurl
Man caught spitting on video at Woodlands Bus Interchange to be remanded at IMH for psychiatric evaluation twitterurl
The Fans' Jerusalem - in preparation for #ashes, predicting Ian Bell to be Man of the Series  twitterurl
Hahahahahhaha yeah man "twitterusername Mess with a #Cancer and they will give you the worst guilt trip of your life."
#lifestyle #news: Be a real man. Be a cheerleader: Discrimination and negative stereotyping are com... twitterurl #singapore
Ew guean ew "twitterusername I was thinking to myself, ??oh man I need to fart.??? Then I realised...\
Saw an nsf man with no rank holding hands with his girl... Bro you gotta try hard and resist.
Man. You aint ugly. Dont listen to that fool. ??? Thanks buddy hahah don't worry I'm not affected. twitterurl
Emma stone . i love you kbye . The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - International Trailer - Official: twitterurl via twitterusername
All the news service have a "Breaking News" of the transition of Madiba. The Man was a Living Legend.
GOD BLESS U MY MAN RT twitterusername i am sick, i think i have one direction infection.
Man City starting XI v West Brom: Pantilimon, Zabaleta, Kompany, Demichelis, Kolarov, Fernandinho, Toure, Navas, Nasri, Aguero, Dzeko
I think the Team Andy vs Team Gauhar is akin to Man United vs Liverpool for me. Lol! #BB7
Doing video and editing so easy for me goodness now I edit within like 1 hour super fast man
LKF3's Connie Man would jump at bed scene with Andy Lau or Nick Cheung twitterurl twitterurl
Co op season ah boy ??? my brother playing the ps3 now ah haiz. after the man u match ah? twitterurl
#LittleIndiaRiot: Man killed in traffic accident was drunk and causing trouble when boarding the bus, police say twitterurl
"The Amazing Spider Man" tak bole lawan Spiderman lakonan Tobey Maguire and Kristen Dunst. Andrew Garfield jadi Peter Parker. Seriously?
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.\
Saw g star having discount I go in trying to grab but almost all are not suitable man
I really hate it when someone with cigarette smell sits beside me in the bus I wanna die man.... zz
Heng i didnt stay up to listen to mio eat.. Tis guy can talk man.. 4 hrs leh! Wth..
Man tricks friend into thinking he had been in coma for 10 years to teach him a lesson twitterurl twitterurl
[Y!] You won???t believe what this creepy man is doing in Beijing???s MRT trains twitterurl
[Y!] Boyfriend jumps to his death after girlfriend???s five-hour shopping spree: A man jumped to his ... twitterurl #singapore
Good to see fellow twitterusername Game On panellist Paul Parker on Roy Keane's best Man U XI:  twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername are you for real? People are getting hurt and you're only concerned about spreading your cover?" pathetic man.
A man should never wear Hyperdunks off the court... but what else are NOVA guys gonna wear
Fate is sealed uh. Even if I pass this i don't want to take agk again man.
I don't understand people who treat me hot and cold. Like dude wtf is wrong with you man?!?!?!
On My Studio Grind Today, I Ain't Going NO WHERE!!! I Have To Finish These Records Man. #GOTIME #DCMG
#lifestyle #news: Man armed with two swords on MRT: He was photographed unsheathing them around Dho... twitterurl #singapore
[We???SG] : Timeline PhotosReaders are reporting a man armed with two swords on the MRT. Have you see... twitterurl #singapore
Not surprised about AVB. Drubbing from Man City and now Liverpool. Chairman aint happy wasting all that money.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Andre Gide twitterurl
lay ngn lulu troll woomin.. 'got #1 trending after appearing on running man in one-second'... XDDDDD jahat gler nganjing!
How in the world this old man look like a teenager!!!! I hate you Onew!!! Stop being cute! twitterurl
Been sleeping late lately. Pity my man for waiting till im all done to talk to him. Hais
It's been so long since I last did whatever I loved to. Life just fucking sucks man ...
My lovely red color, Canon red, Man United Red, G-Shock red, Girlfriend love red, Rose red.
Killer litter that hit man in Eunos Crescent: 15-year-old suspected of throwing bricks from flat arrested twitterurl
Blind man and guide dog fall in front of train in NYC, but escape without serious injury twitterurl twitterurl
Killer litter that hit man in Eunos Crescent: 15-year-old suspected of throwing bricks from flat arrested twitterurl twitterurl
A guided man once told me / sleep away all fear / hold your breath for minutes / and fade away forever
That's why I miss Noehly man she real as fuck and fuck anybody that don't fuck with ha
Paul Rudd is Ant-Man omfg that is actually great but he's got such a nice rep lolol idek
Man I Can Only Imagine twitterusername Walkin In These Meetings #CHESTOUT #NOWORRIES We Let The Records Talk! #DCMG
Thought an old man was standing behind us twitterusername and coughing/dying but it was actually twitterusername HAHAHAHA FAGGIT
??twitterusername I thought I would get through my life without watching 2 girls 1 cup. Damn it twitterusername wtf man
McNair murder: 25-year-old Indian national arrested, police looking for man believed to be deceased's husband twitterurl
?? Incident of 'samurai' man wielding sword on MRT train shows need for auxiliary police at every station, reader says twitterurl
Which quality in a man do you dislike the most? ??? When they break the rules of THE BRO CODE twitterurl
"twitterusername After two years losing his wife,a man recreated his wedding photo with his daughter. twitterurl comel
Appeal for information on loanshark harassment case: SINGAPORE - The police are looking for the man in the pho... twitterurl
[CNA] Man probed for allegedly making racially insensitive remarks: Police are investigating a 22-y... twitterurl #singapore
I don't understand how people can not eat rice. Like, I can't live without my rice man
"twitterusername Obama: The fact that women make 77 cents for every dollar a man makes is "an embarrassment" twitterurl #CNNSOTU"
Wtf some crazy man keep talking to me n asking alot weird question.  Lucky my bus come already!!
Cb la, why is it so hard to make Man City lose at home? Hais, Watford almost did it sia...
i really want to watch hotaru no haka but idk man i couldnt even take spirited away
Shop owner fined for selling alcohol after restricted hours: A man was fined S$4,000 on Wednesday for selling ... twitterurl
soooo i watched iron man with my parents during dinner and i can hear them now watching it again outside
I saw a blind man sitting at MacDonalds wearing shades at night. I wonder who is he? twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHA
Vamp, msh ingat ga lu ksh tau gw link buat ntn running man itu? The one with substitle twitterusername
Remember that one time twitterusername dropped us off at a resturant that no longer exist? Thanks man twitterusername twitterusername  twitterusername
45-year-old man dies of cardiac arrest after collapsing at 11km mark during marathon twitterurl via twitterusername
Early in the morning ran 2km after that went for breakfast adoi cmi ah tak bole man like this!
??twitterusername In a 1951 comic book called "Mickey Mouse and the Medicine Man," Mickey and Goofy become drug dealers.??? #BreakingBad
no :( I'm in sec5 now! taking Os this year :) ??? Hahaha good luck man. How did u fare for n? twitterurl
Man arrested for using items believed to have facilitated his cheating at the MBS casino twitterurl twitterurl
you're still a boy not even a guy or man. that's why the right girls would never want you
Whoa who did I just see.... Quickly walked away to the next cabin. What the shizzle mcgrizzle man.
US man declared dead wakes up in body bag just before he was about to be embalmed twitterurl
Got a bunch of moisture absorbers for ma bitches coz they too wet all the time damn man?? twitterurl
Man who molested 13-year-old boy sentenced to 30 months??? in jail, three strokes of the cane twitterurl twitterurl
"One of the greatest gift a man can receive is a woman's heart. Don't take it for granted."
"twitterusername ''You're my Imam, I will protect your heart''. I'm pretty sure a man would love to hear this word."
Man... I really need to start writing again. But my words are too mediocre to rightfully express my thoughts.
Emotionally i wished i was a girl, physically i wished i was a man. I swear im in between.
Love Story: I gave up my job and came to S'pore for the man I love twitterurl twitterurl
I'm really having a hard time talking to rubhan from the start till now I don't understand man
You're light skin it's okay ??twitterusername I'll fight a dike bitch tryna take my girl lol. She a man.???
People on here raging at your relationship with her are quite... ??? Hahah. Love you man! Nice thoughts you have!! :) twitterurl
A full grown man flushed with palms pressed together, fervently praying in the Emergency Department's waiting area.
Sometimes I don't get it.. how is driving an automatic transmission car, gay/not a real man/etc?
They range from ratchet to respectful... Buy they all have the regular "ain't shit" nature of a man.
Indranee Rajah stands up for man mocked for hole in T-shirt twitterurl riding off the coattail? Nothing new. #movealong
[ST] Man in spitting case jailed 5 weeks, fined $800; Cried when judge urged him to be good twitterurl
Man escapes jail term on appeal for accident at junction of Victoria Street and Rochor Road twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday Marina Bay Sands to Host Global Premiere of 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Miss Universe S'pore finalist pokes fun at man with holes in his shirt: His daughter hits back twitterurl twitterurl
Man who spat at two women in Woodlands Interchange guilty of being a public nuisance twitterurl twitterurl
Would u date a 40+ man ??? Ew no. Got limit lah. I think 12yrs max for age gap. twitterurl
Two taxi drivers report being robbed at knifepoint, apparently by the same man, near Eunos MRT twitterurl
both buva and wy wants to talk to him. go ahead man. ive nothing to say alr.
Go for the good guy, not just a guy who's good in bed. We all need a man.
The best part was when Too Cool and Rikishi came back and wrestled! Freaking childhood memories man!
Uuuwww snappp RT twitterusername A man at an Airport farting gets caught on a thermal imaging camera. twitterurl
Hw white can Manis be man i want become like her so hipsteristic so priddy. So seductive for what?!
literally going "ms tan oiiiiii" in the auditorium, until finally ms tan shouted ahaha so adorable man
??twitterusername It's okay bro , i know how you feeling right now . Stay strong :) twitterusername yeah man. Cari matair kat poly!
22-year-old man under investigation for posting racist remarks as ???Heather Chua??? on Facebook twitterurl twitterurl
Fucker hit and run sia. Hope he gets caught. Serious shit sia tak kelakar. Not funny at all man.
Still, it's not working. I can pretend like it doesn't matter, but man this time it's hard
The good thing start the day is Mata signed to Man U. Oh yes, just a player they need...
Appeal for next-of-kin: Unidentified man found at sea off St John's Island: SINGAPORE - Police are appealing f... twitterurl
man i cant even control a bike - im wobbly even on a straight track let alone cycling twitterusername
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername we totally should man. Another chalet maybe ya" no fucking drinking. Idw entertain drunktards.
Real man love curves lol. ??? Well , real women love brains ^^ get some if you can , yeah ? twitterurl
Watching CNBLUE at Running Man as together i cant help but to wish SHINee will be there. Aish
LOL last straw man. don't ever talk to me. so sick and tired of dealing with you.
Mom non stop saying how much she wanna go oversea again. Dad will just roll his eyes man.
??twitterusername A 95 year old man gives all of the advice he's learned twitterurl "compliment every small changes" yes.
Guard duty till morning and then straight go for lectures 9am :/ How am I going to endure this man :(
Elderly man unconscious after being hit by SMRT train near Expo station twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Man.. swear the dance floor last night was very clubbish.. HAHA makes me wanna go to a club. Nah never.
Dasar jantan birah! RT "twitterusername Please find a better man than me, or the breakup would be useless!"
[CNA] Police looking at CCTV footage of man found at MRT station: Police are looking at CCTV footag... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Police looking at MRT station CCTV footage after man found near tracks: Police are looking at CCTV foot... twitterurl
[CNA] Police looking at MRT station CCTV footage after man found near tracks: Police are looking at... twitterurl #singapore
not true man,i dun start with money first in the first place...it was the internet
Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station was not hit by a train, police clarifies twitterurl #Singapore
(asiaone) Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station was not hit by a train, police clarifies twitterurl
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 5: Man left his GF crying alone at Hougang MRT station twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man gets 21 months' jail and 3 strokes of the rotan for punching and kicking girlfriend twitterurl
[CNA] Police arrest man who stripped naked on MRT train: The passenger was travelling from Bukit Ba... twitterurl #singapore
Police arrest man who stripped naked on MRT train: The passenger was travelling from Bukit Batok towards Khati... twitterurl
Need Motivating Ppl Around Me At All Times Man. I've Been Craving For Some Serious Creative Stimulation. . . #DCMG
Telling a man to stop buying car parts is like telling a woman to stop buying makeup .
??twitterusername That Lovick's just gave me lifeeeeee man???when you come here tomorrow bring me a dough burger
Man lets girl who found his lost iPhone keep it -- after finding out how pretty she is twitterurl
Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew hospitalised with fever: SINGAPORE - Singapore's first prime minister and the man wid... twitterurl
Of course, Kuzmanovic! He is living legend "twitterusername Sempreinter ??? Vote: Who was your Man of the Match against Juventus?
??twitterusername I swear to god I don't deserve to go to school.??? Then u deserve to go man
If work makes you excited above anything else, you've got issues and need to sort out your priorities man
#lifestyle #news: Church caretaker accuses man of having affair, gets violent: The caretaker, 79, c... twitterurl #singapore
Man who raped, then married minor in #Malaysia gets 12 years in jail twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Sally Bercow spotted kissing unidentified man while on night out. Defiant Bercow denies marriage is in trouble. twitterurl
whoa freak man i just want to cry looking at how much work i still need to do
#InstaSize I can't wait to meet this man in Atlantic city. I love that this company provides us with?? twitterurl
??twitterusername With twitterusername getting advice on my rap skills. "Don't ever attempt that again", he said. twitterurl man in suit
Goodluck for later bro. Hope everything will go just fine for you man take care dy twitterusername
Man who allegedly spat at two women at Woodlands bus interchange says one called him 'stupid' twitterurl twitterurl
Like father, like son: Man spotted standing on bus stop seat with kid -- all because it was raining twitterurl
Man who said he kissed nurse in iconic Times Square photo dies at age 86 twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
I can't take it when handsome guys wear cardigan... my heart will go shalalala. .. haha... KSH you're the man... lol
Man u has no trouble proving why we are in 7th position. "great performance" in the first 5 mins
Why is Kagawa in Man U at the first place when he doesn't get to play? Always kena bench
Aww man so many thoughts going thru my mind right now but mostly can't be tweeted cuz they're inappropriate.
singapore should allow running man filming to take place. it would be very great for the Sg fans.
When a man talks to me during sex it just sets off a whole new experience lol
You got ship Haira & Raihan ? Because I do. ??? man, i do ship them la! SO ADORABLE TGT IM SRS twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Fred Armisen Saves Day as 'Ambiance Man' in Superhero-ish Web Series -... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
STOMP Citizen Journalism Awards: Weather too hot? Man buys ice cream at Parkway Parade in colourful underwear twitterurl
Man City starting lineup: Hart, Clichy, Kompany (C), Demichelis, Kolarov, Nasri, Fernandinho, Yaya Toure, Silva, Dzeko, Negredo
[CNA] Search and rescue operation underway after man falls overboard near Kusu Island: The Maritime... twitterurl #singapore
He's a 20 year old man who would sit with me, exitedly, doing movie and animation marathon.\
and I don't see how a muslim man who smokes weed everyday can comment on gay couples. you're sinning too
[PICS] 140224 Running Man Filming - HAHA & GARY in the same team??? [5] (CR: as tagged) twitterurl twitterurl
According to the stats, Man U are unbeaten v Greek opponents. Hope this run will continue #GGMU
Had to unfollow Tristan Dang on Fesbuk, He is definitely one conceited gay man with zero substance. twitterurl
I'm gonna be immobile as an old man. I already can't bend my knees without them aching in pain
Gotta love the cute face when he gyms. Seriously, he is the cutest man I've ever met ???.??? #chingsinlove
??twitterusername RETWEET if you want this in your house! twitterurl damn this would be so freaking cool man
[CNA] Man jailed for threatening to post nude photos of women online: An Indian national conned wom... twitterurl #singapore
Why is my ship better than your sinking ship? Cause mine has a canon. Man fandom talk. HAHA
i like it when Hyun Moo came to Running Man and they keep playing Lucifer song lmao.
asswipe old man behind stepped on my foot TWICE entering the bus berth when the queue was stationary
Shocking referee decision did neither Man City nor Newcastle any favours. My column in twitterusername today #mcfc #NUFC #epl
Great to see twitterusername doing the business in Japan. Top man if you want latest on Japanese / Italian football
Two youths arrested for assaulting and robbing 78-year-old wheelchair-bound man in North Bridge Road twitterurl
[News] Man gets detention for filming policewoman in toilet: A contractor hired to lay phone line cables was o... twitterurl
so now im like pooping every single time i eat. what am i swallowing for being full man.
#LittleIndiaRiot: 2nd man jailed 15 weeks for failing to disperse when the police ordered him to do so twitterurl
And Kim Soo Hyun needs to do another sageuk. For God's sake, this man needs to do another sageuk.
OPSS had their speech day rehearsal yesterday, Barker is having their Founders Day rehearsal today. Non stop man.
#LittleIndiaRiot: Driver says he thought that man trying to protect him and timekeeper was trying to hit them twitterurl
[News] Third man jailed for refusing to disperse during Little India riot: A third Indian national received ja... twitterurl
N ntg was dne?! " RT twitterusername Unemployed man in #China tries to feed himself to tigers twitterurl twitterurl
(sna) VIDEO: Indian man caught on tape rubbing himself against a female passenger in MRT train twitterurl
Would you date a man united fan? please said yes. ??? What if i said NO? Haha. Kidding lah, can. ?????? twitterurl
A man who was filmed stopping a public bus in the middle of Serangoon Road has been arrested. twitterurl
Spidey spotted on MRT: SINGAPORE - China Press reported that "Spider-Man" was spotted in the mass rapid transi... twitterurl
[TODAY] ???Crazy??? man runs 1,300km in 31 days to encourage bone marrow donations: SINGAPORE - Running... twitterurl #singapore
#lifestyle #news: This man has the coolest dance moves: He was dancing to Carly Rae Jepsen's hit, '... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man found guilty of bribing SCDF officer: A businessman was convicted of bribing a Singapore Civil Defe... twitterurl
Someone's crying and shouting here In the hospital. I hope to god that it's a patient. Where's the doctor man
Dragged this MAN to town early in the morning for an advanced birthday surprise. Took us 2 hours to?? twitterurl
Sometimes I hate mom's soup man. I mean look at this it looks like fucking Satan's diarrhea twitterurl
Alright , that's it for tonight . I shall continue watching that 30 mins running man show tmr . Too sleepy .
The day when SHINee got invite to Running Man is the day we all will crying and screaming with joy
Recommended by twitterusername . First time trying this. Long queue man... heard that only got one outlet?? twitterurl
describe uzmaa. ??? lazy describe. ahha chey no lah um friendly, funny, great goalkeeper, pretty, noisy, derp, man... twitterurl
Man City drew & Chelsea won. Chelsea top of the table thanks to Hazardous Hazard. Good job la...
Big thanks to my man for treating us for lunch @ #Astons for his advanced birthday celebration. Also,?? twitterurl
People out there are trying their best to salvage this and yet... ... RT "twitterusername Aww man. twitterurl
War News Updates > Pentagon Reporting That There Are About 20,000 Russian Soldiers In Crimea: A uniformed man,... twitterurl
Man pumping out contents from Toa Payoh grease trap threatens to hit passerby who confronted him twitterurl
9 more days to turn 16th thts pretty fast y r u gg so fast slow down man
Mahal amat RT twitterusername Man selling Toyol for $1900 at Boon Lay: It can steal money and (cont) twitterurl
Did you know that there is a difference between karma and taking revenge? Its kinda like natural vs man-made.
[ST] Crowd wanted to help man pinned under bus, Tamil online group tells Little India Riot COI twitterurl
Crowd wanted to help man pinned under bus, Tamil online group tells Little India Riot COI twitterurl #Singapore
Kk nak lepak with my man. We lepak cause we melayu relax one corner. K bye hush!
twitterurl everyone proud of you jinki thats why they laugh. No you didnt dance like a drunk man
ya screw you twitterusername ??twitterusername Fuck you lah twitterusername !!! One day man!! Just wait for my revenge. hahaha???
And yes, yet again debated with my man about samsung and iPhone. He's a hardcore android supporter. Pish posh dudeeeeeee.
Sooooo, my samsung just died. Hahaha. Oh damn can't ws my man. I hope he reads this tweet though. Heh.
im starting to get really sleepy at 8-9 plus ish. age is really catching up man -.-
#FF If You Really Wanna WIN, Please Follow Da Homie twitterusername Man! He's Really About Making Dreams Come True! #DCMG
Scary or what sia this two drunken man keep staring. Should have bring pepper spray sia. Hahaha
Wow flumpool coming for a one man live in August? They must really love this country a lot..
Entertainment Weekly's ready for The Amazing Spider-Man 2, in theaters May 2. Are you? #Ad #Spon - twitterurl
Campaign fail? The annoying Jokowi look+soundalike promoting Tolak Angin is doing more TV ads than the man himself twitterurl
[TODAY] Little India riot: Sixth man jailed for failing to disperse: SINGAPORE - An Indian national... twitterurl #singapore
Shakira still looks young despite the fact that she's 47. Pretty as ever. Pique is such a lucky man
[Y!FB] A Singaporean man is in critical condition and suffering from 100 per cent burns...: A Singa... twitterurl #singapore
Man City suddenly play like shit after Yaya Toure was subbed off & conceded twice so far. Crap...
Everyone always say 'personality over looks' but come on, looks plays a big part in everything man. Don't deny that.
Dear twitterusername could Modi's declaration of existence of Jashodaben be signal to others who like the man?
SHARE the news! See what everyone is saying about twitterusername Amazing Spider-Man 2! #Ad #Spon - twitterurl
Man (centre) declared innocent after spending 25 years in jail for a crime he did not commit twitterurl twitterurl
If you could meet a famous person, whom would you like to meet? ??? Running Man and Taylor Swift twitterurl
Celebrating one of the Ratpack members' birthday twitterusername . Happy 22nd my man! #vscocam @ Studio M Hotel twitterurl
(asiaone) Singaporean man who set himself on fire near a petrol kiosk in JB has died twitterurl
Do you love the click five? ??? man the other day we were just talking bout Jenny twitterurl
Ya, just when i have the feel to dayre. Dayre app have got problem. Oh man, kill me...
Latest: Man attempting to skip immigration checks at Woodlands yesterday by tailing car in front immediately arrested twitterurl
The Singaporean man who doused himself with petrol and set himself alight on Saturday morning in Johor Baru has... twitterurl
Panda News: The War On Drugs, Panda Bear & More To Play Green Man Festival 2014 - DIY Magazine: DIY MagazineTh... twitterurl
[CNA] Man arrested for committing obscene act in public: On 9 April 2014, at about 2.18 am, police ... twitterurl #singapore
Grandpa ate almost half of the half-chicken plate! Mustahve been hungreee old man! #moments #2014 twitterusername twitterurl
[CNA] Regulatory framework for larger dormitories set to be ready: As part of efforts to better man... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Why can't everyone in this world be nice huh? Why must there be violence? It's not necessary man"
[Y!FB] This man merrily chases down passengers in Parisian train stations just to seren...: This ma... twitterurl #singapore
Police have arrested a 23-year-old man over outrage of modesty at a housing estate in Woodlands twitterurl
First day of being an independent man and my first appointment of the day is.. Go to the dentist.
54y.o Johor man becomes first reported #MERS death in Asia outside of the Middle East. twitterusername with more  twitterurl
[TODAY] First MERS death reported in M???sia: SINGAPORE - A Malaysian man who contracted the Middle E... twitterurl #singapore
Man if you're going to show off..... do it for a female ...not a bunch of niggas
Drunk man on #VirginAustralia flight to #Bali tries to break into cockpit, sparks hijack alert twitterurl twitterurl
Samsung's Design Statement Proves It Is A Company Of Robots Bent On Enslaving Man twitterurl #tech #gadgets
Cops and members of public in China subdue man who held women hostage for over an hour twitterurl twitterurl
The Chosen One has been sacked as Man Utd manager with 4 game left to end the season.#ThankYouDavidMoyes
There was once i was gonna give up on poly life i wore like fuckin pajamas to school man
Why do I keep thinking that Ben Kingsley's character in Iron Man 3 is named VIktor Reznov
[TODAY] Malaysian man charged for attempted checkpoint breach, remanded at IMH: SINGAPORE - A 33-ye... twitterurl #singapore
What the heck man, really? You want a pic of me now w/o my tudung. Not appropriate dude.
Chill... I need to real chill now man (@ Brotzeit German Bier Bar & Restaurant w/ 2 others) twitterurl
i dont see the 'greatness' of bringing old things to make u win a stupid argument with ur man.
I think Arrow was better off getting shit done alone. Never bring your love life into your vigilante life man.
HA HA HA JINKI PLEASE. You're an old man. Not a kid . Please dont do this twitterurl
Man finds out why it's not a good idea to tackle a large alligator on his own twitterurl twitterurl
Man United's board of directors upon seeing today's win. And Giggs's smart moves in substituting the players be like twitterurl
Can they go out or smtg i wanna fifa man sigh cant wait to get my own console
The police are looking for this man to assist with investigations in a loanshark case near Serangoon Avenue 4. twitterurl
Last week they didn't air Running Man because of the ferry tragedy. Hopefully they will air it tonight
any man that hugs me smelling like Gucci- guilty me black cologne. . . we go together by default
Samantha Ko offered 7-figure fee to have dinner with rich man -- here's what she did twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Jobless man charged with murder of 88-year-old woman in Choa Chu Kang lift twitterurl
Luckiest man ever: Chicago guy gets $346k by winning lottery 3 times in 3 weeks twitterurl twitterurl
Man gets stolen electric bike back -- because thief called him for help to recharge it twitterurl twitterurl
A dock for the man who has everything but needs a place to plug it all in
iPhone racket mastermind used network of children: A man accused of using stolen credit card details to buy iPho... twitterurl
RT twitterusername A man walks into a bar. He is an alcoholic and its destroying his marriage.
The Man Responsible for the iPhone and iPad CPU Just Left Apple for AMD [Apple] #ipad:  twitterurl
engadget Blake Patterson's Byte Cellar: the ultimate man cave for aspiring geeks:   Apple IIGS? Of course. Commo... twitterurl
This man beside me is watching Doraemon on his iphone. I can't bring myself to make fun of him.
RT twitterusername RT twitterusername Why did the deaf man take his parrot to work? He was weird.
RT twitterusername Iphone rosak screen, rm300 burn. Samsung rosak screen, rm100 je burn. Use ur brain man.
how man, samsung or iphone.. dude at starhub told me it's gonna be a samsung era this yr.
Man jailed for using fake degrees forging testimonials to get senior management jobs: A file photo dated on Dec ... twitterurl
I mean like who wouldn't be jealous right she has everything and love by everyone man ya everyone including u......
If running man show is a everyday thing.... I think my life will be beyond perfect already??
Mum's fave garang guni man hasn't come by for a long time. The newspapers are piling up...
Giggs, Scholes, Gerrard, Carragher, it could be last hurrah for local lads in Man U-Liverpool derby:\
Acap ah acap. Play running man no call me Okay you good. say bye to your ice cream.
Cannot believe it man, one old granny standing in the train and no fucking one gave up their seats. Wtf?!?!
The song foolish have been replaying on my mind since the frst time i listened to it man!
I can only imagine Dealing w/ insecure woman but dealing with a insecure man might just take the cake!
i don't understand why people would wanna stream running man ep 128 now when it's not even subbed
Pls la man utd vs liverpool match !klau tk t.l .......rather see people mocking each other club thn this
A man should come along and sweep my feet off the ground. Cuz I am losing faith.
Today pow sing and durian mousse with bros. arsenal vs man city and Manchester United vs liverpool #excited
"twitterusername 130112 Yesung at Mouse Rabbit. He looks like british man with that hat haha! (cr: Gail77) twitterurl
Shooting KTC Group event. And this man right here is so talented. @ Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel twitterurl
If women think being a man is easy. Come, carry the responsibilities we carry & experience it for yourselves
No way man! RT twitterusername twitterusername find another one, aku dah cop dulu Stark tuu..cause sounds cool!
Saw a Caucasian man pull his wife onto the dance floor after the dinner and started dancing
??twitterusername that kwang soo in running man , he crack me up everytime !??? IKNOWRIGHT! Especially biler dier tgh marah dgn KJK
German truck maker MAN cuts workers' hours and pay, as it feels the effects of the eurozone debt crisis. twitterurl
Football: Man Utd beat Liverpool to move 10 points clear: LONDON: Manchester United went 10 points clear at the ... twitterurl
"A man who never made a mistake, never made anything" - Diary of A Wimpy Kid: Dog Days
Almost hit a man with a bicycle. Was about to play corner when seeing a filter lane ??
Linesman tells Lescott to see Man City fans who've paid ??62 in the away end at Arsenal. twitterurl
Aw man, it is almost evening and still no call for interview, oh well time to go job hunting again... -_-
its all in the genes bruh RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername in the blood man in the blood
"twitterusername Ado Ekiti High Court sentences man to death for killing a woman after raping her at a farm."
Shivers murder convictions quashed: A man jailed for murdering two soldiers at Massereene Army base in Antrim ha... twitterurl
Cause it's free blow jobs likeeeee be quite RT ??twitterusername My man ain???t complaining sooooo yeaaaa lol???
Makin sedap suara ea boss :p RT twitterusername Someone ask me to be vocalist for a band ? Hell no man. ??
Whatever happens to "May the best man wins". If you have a solid candidate, why are you afraid?
pocong la wei wait i think i just saw fuck bulu roma naik sia ly!! ??twitterusername Wtf what candy man???
PAP???s Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done twitterurl via twitterusername
I should've taken the MRT.  Now I'm on the bus with my primary school teacher man what is this.
Be strong ya my dearest man, you'll always in my heart even you're not mine and never know about it :)
Kim Jong "SPARTA" Kook, commander of Running Man to hold first fan meet in Singapore twitterurl #Runningman #kimjongkook
yesung and ryeowook look most like girls.  i dunno why twitterusername likes/ liked them the most, man.
Justin Timberlake & Timbaland never disappoint us with their collaborations, be it in singing or producing. Yeah man!!!
u shld see urself the way i see u. u'd be cringing at ur stupidity. call urself a man lol
This Man Doesn???t Have Your Missing Smartphone, So Stop Waking Him Up In The Night twitterurl
When i was your man by Bruno Mars is the best song to listen through the night.
Watching this during lunch time. HAHAHA! Esp 'Because I'm A Man' part...  JAY PARK - SNL Korea twitterurl
Good night bro. Have fun on your tour RT twitterusername twitterusername  night man. Hoping the best for your finals tc :)
Oh well! i read ppl tweet! hiok hiok! RT twitterusername twitterusername yeah man. Mcm mane kau tau?
HAHAHA WTF RT twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl
performing "Man Down" live at Hackney music festival: twitterurl via twitterusername LAGU HIGH BAI twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Man United's Fletcher out for rest of the season: LONDON - Manchester United's Darren Fletcher to miss rest of s... twitterurl
Siwon is already jogging like an iron man now while i just woke up from this weird dream LOL
[INFO] Running Man EPI 129 Guest : SHINee Minho, CNBLUE Jonghyun, Yonghwa, Fx Sulli, Infinite L, MBLAQ Lee Joon, ZEA Kwanghee
'Poisoned' lottery winner exhumed: Chicago authorities exhume the body of a man who died of cyanide poisoning af... twitterurl
Would-be assassin tries to kill politician: A man tried to shoot the leader of Bulgaria's ethnic Turkish party, ... twitterurl
I hate laifa so fking much like omg is he even a man? he keeps lying & making up stories zzz
omg sounds cool can't wait RT twitterusername Running Man Ep 130 preview Guests: None Theme: Reborn twitterurl
<3 RT twitterusername Running Man 2013/01/20 6:10PM KST *Stream 1 - twitterurl *Stream 2 - twitterurl
Pekcek liao la . Hao xin mei hao bao . I helo you then you scold me for fuck man ? -.-
#BehaviouralActivation (#RAD schoolwork): I'm freaking drained man. Just finished partial portions of my project. Some codes r not working.
VIDEO: A soldier's tale: Retracing steps in Flanders fields: One man retraces grandfather's steps in Flanders fields twitterurl
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose?... ??? wolf parang si jacob chos twitterurl
Can't take this fucking shit alr man from sec 1 till now treat me like fucking nothing
Putting a fullstop to this kind of life. Im hitting my big 2 now, time to man up.
this man is wearing ripped jeans and his hairs are like literally out of the 'ripped' part ??
Man jailed for negligently causing wife's death while drink driving: January 22, 2013 11:11 AMA former safety of... twitterurl
If the weather get colder, wahhhh. Heaven. Go to school wearing snowcap. Wearing pullovers.... Hmmmm nice man.
Shit!! I forgot to take the weekly activity sheets that my sweet manager copied for me. Oh man!!
'A man who has been dreaming to be charismatic since 8 years after debut' LOL sounds pathetic somehow
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl The Man Who Can't Be Moved by The Script (cover)
Man fuckn bye! RT twitterusername I think my city is number one in murders this year so far.
Planning to make Running Man Tshirt with nametags for class tee. Have yet to tell the rest.
OMG was watching running man on phone...didn't even notice my bus broke down until I saw everyone alighting HAHAHAHAHA
Police Taser Man Outside Buckingham Palace: (LONDON) ??? British police say they have arrested and used a stun gun... twitterurl
?? RT ??twitterusername Kaylin was getting her teeth fix " while you get your teeth fix your man will play " ???????????
if any girl would stay up and watch Real Madrid vs Man Utd, be my valentine. ohh tak eh? haram.
[CNA] New aviation institute in the pipeline: SINGAPORE: A new research institute for Air Traffic Man... twitterurl #singapore
lol in vietnam.. just because of running man fans they need arrange lots of policeman around.. gosh.
Aww man, thats sucks! Haha town tmrw bro? :-) RT twitterusername twitterusername We not clubbing tonight bro! Dinesh say not tonight :)
New look at cell membrane reveals surprising organization: Sight would dramatically alter a blind man???s understa... twitterurl
Sorry man just had to rant. That marketing guy should just quit his job and stop making my life miserable ??
A good man has the ability to know whether a woman is wearing a G-string or not. Hahahahahaha
Man whose motorcycle hit a cop at a police roadblock fined $2,300 and banned from driving for 12 months twitterurl
CNY movies lined up for home viewing: Skyfall, Flight, Argo, The Man with the Iron Fists and Dredd. Yeah baby.
Best man in my Brozay twitterusername  wedding on Saturday....son I'm like Pippen in the finals ..#CoStarFlow
Happy wifey maketh her man smile. Nothing like a great night out to celebrate our 15th anniversary.?? twitterurl
LOL "you'll understand what running man is when you meet kim jong kook in a dead end"
Tomorrow! Let's rock it ?? was with Man Kidal & his daughter ???? #teen #teenage #swag #awesome #love #night?? twitterurl
#IT #Job alert: IMS Intern / Associate Developer(f/m) SAP Solution Man... | SAP | #Shanghai twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
I was fat and my hair was orange-y in colour. Wtf was i thinking man?! Hahahaha!
With Nash & Man Kidal ?? both are from Lefthanded :3 I get hugs from them! ?? #teen #teenage #swag #awesome?? twitterurl
If You Gonna Do Drugs, Know What Your Getting Into Man. Drugs These Days Ain't Nothing To Play Wit! #DCMG
But like uhh I'm failing Spanish 3. & I've been trying hard af. Going to tutorials retakes & everything man ??.
3 more days to Valentine's Day, Summer Party and not to forget Man Utd vs Real Madrid
Wahh,the smell of fried hotdog just went through my nose. Must be my neighbour. Make me hungry man.
Someone told me earlier that any man would be lucky to have me & a damn fool to let me go.
I can get annoyed/angry/irritated easily this year and that sucks. Pffft wth is wrong with me man ??
Being alone isn't that bad actually. Because i learn one word from old man. The word is bobamosa
??twitterusername "twitterusername #MentionTo your friend who talks in a really high pitched voice."twitterusername man,you win hahahaha
AsiaClassifiedToday: Ex-Man U star slams gambling culture in S'pore - Yahoo! Singapore News... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
??twitterusername Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl WTF SOCIETY SO FCKED UP
kfans are like the luckiest wow if they say they're not satisfied about something idk what to say man.
Rafael was Man of The Match but Phil Jones too did very well last night - making Fellaini very frustrated.
Valentines day is really just another day...*says the man who doesn't wanna waste money buying a gift lol
#Knicks legend John Starks jut won 3point contest against George "Ice Man" Gervin, Muggsy Bouges & A.C. Green. #AllStar #JamSession #Houston
Word to my homie for the VDay gift. Much appreciated yo. She always lookin out for ya man #salute  twitterurl
SAP #Finance #Job: Intern (f/m): HR EMEA Project Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-Wu...) twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Saya tak benarkan RT twitterusername :( but your brother can "auniyuni: Sorry i cant RT DearTomato: Will you be my man ?"
DAMNNNN! So touched to have received such a big gift from my OGMs. ?????? Love ya'll man! SWEE! #Yosha5
Remembered this quote telling us not to allow emotions to control us. hais, not that easy man
Hahaha what the fuck? RT ??twitterusername Australian man beheads 69-year-old father during family quarrel twitterurl
im a malay man ??twitterusername rojak india lagi ah ni RT twitterusername I want and need food right now???
Alvry doesn't like whenever I say her hair is likka princess. Hidop mati Spider-Man lah.. twitterurl
Hahaha Alena ! We sad the same thing  RT twitterusername twitterusername IKR!!!! hi five man... I have 4 in two days :(
Ibu laughing her heart oit watching Running Man while I'm here, listening to MJ12 -.- not good combo
Brazil drug lord 'Nem' sentenced: A Brazilian man who controlled the drug-trafficking in Rio de Janeiro's sprawl... twitterurl
Think I am on a one man mission to visit very country in SEA this month #fifthbiztrip
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
[NEWS] "Running Man" set to hold their 4th overseas race in HK Macau and Vietnam Hanoi  twitterurl
Wah thise people going overseas then take the plane can see the beautiful moon wah super nice man
[CNA] Man settles negligence suit against Sembawang Town Council: SINGAPORE: A resident who accused S... twitterurl #singapore
I disnt know RT twitterusername ??twitterusername This man in this casino killing me!...???Yu shoulda stoped n got me
I can't wait to go school yet people complains they are sick of school. Appreciate what you got man.
Seriously I innocent de sia! Imma not the third party Kay! I don't have the ability man! Like serious!
SAP: (Senior) Developer (w/m) f??r Policy Man... ( #Walldorf/St.LeonRot , Baden-W??...) twitterurl #IT #sap #sapjobs #Job
The stranger to stranger cycle really sucks no point getting into rs right hahaha YOLO man single best
Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death: SINGAPORE: The lover of a businessman acquit... twitterurl
sar21 in blackshot? oh yeah man! when my other computer is fixed, i'm so gonna be playing blackshot!
Najib Razak suka Rozita Che Wan? Sokay lah at least he doesn't fancy young chicks. Good choice, old man. ???
No licence plate info? RT twitterusername Man steals fully-marked police car from officers after Sydney highway altercation twitterurl
He may not answer right away , but a blessing gone come never sleep on the man above
???Running Man??? producer interviewed on producing for the show + explains the best qualities of each cast member twitterurl
Major floods hammer northern Australia: SYDNEY: A man was missing in raging floodwaters and hundreds of homes we... twitterurl
"You don't know what i look like, when Im not in love with you" HOLY SHIT MAN FUCK YOU STEFAN
Manchester United will meet the man from Fulham that was a former Manchester United Player , Dimitar Berbatov ;)
Gwangsoo looks in city hunter is the same expression when taken away as in running man lol!
.... i should have been out listening to twitterusername and Sam willows. WHY AM I DOING STUDIO WORK MAN. wlao.
"twitterusername twitterusername Ohh I get it now. Good luck finding your man" already did have a boyfriend. hah.
You're the sach one! Yeah thanks alot man come down uh help me :') RT twitterusername twitterusername good luck la sach
Man City off to a bad start post-Balotelli as QPR hold them to 0-0 draw twitterurl
hopefully she'll get better in a few weeks or so. man, i hate seeing her like this.
Omg I solved the running man mystery even before they knew it! Hahaha! I KNEW IT! #runningman
"twitterusername Reports suggest, Man United are planning a late move for Kenyan 21-year-old midfielder Victor Wanyama from Celtic"
feckin 32 bucks printing the book man this bitch I will shove my fist down his goddamned throat
Hahahaha wtf a man riding his bike was behind a lady, he rang the bell and shouted "VROOM VROOM!" Ahahhahahahha
Man y'all gone see me on world star hip hop when boosie come home! I'm running on stage ass naked !
Man I think I was a bear in the past life. Hibernation is so appealing to me lol
Lupe Fiasco is a very smart, wise and unique man. Thanks 4 the real music homie #FreedomOfSpeech
RM forever! bestest variety show ever! ??twitterusername (Intvw Part 2) Running Man producer on producing for the show twitterurl #fb
Starting to have a crush on Samantha Ko after watching Friendly Fire. Oh man, all my crushes end badly.
Man sentenced to 20 weeks' jail for taking upskirt videos: SINGAPORE: A dishwasher who took upskirt videos of wo... twitterurl
[News] Man sentenced to 20 weeks' jail for taking upskirt videos: SINGAPORE: A dishwasher who took upskirt video... twitterurl
Wahhh not bad ehh... twitterusername replied me 6 days later~ Thats like the ultimate for this century man!
Gonna restore my phone when I get back home. It???s making my phone turn on and off man. zzzz
Yeah keep it coming baby RT twitterusername twitterusername open wide young man, feel the wrath of my.. tsunami?
Bloody hell this weird man sitting beside me on the bus started asking me questions ?? freaked out ohhhmygod
Is this the kind of students NUS has? He threatens to punch man over parking row twitterurl
Spartakook fans! RT twitterusername WIN a pair of tickets to meet The Running Man Sparta Kim Jong Kook! | ONE twitterurl
First game I've seen since the man city game and we're looking good for a win vs a 'top10' side
Happy 19th birthday jong jong. All the best in life man. See you soon. Love you muahhh ?? twitterusername
This man singing Im a soldier on the battlefield is alittle too crunk?!! Don't u think twitterusername
Founder of Singapore hospitalized: Lee Kuan Yew, the founding father of Singapore and the man widely credited wi... twitterurl
??twitterusername Happy Birthday Sebastian "The Bash" Taylor Thomaz!!! ?????? Everyone welcome this perfect young man into the world???
Man, I really feel like crying watching this movie. Not in the office please. Please please please!
haha lao shi's gonna freak out when she reads my compo, dunno how she's gonna grade it properly, man.
A true man will know whether that particular woman is wearing a g-string or not hahahahahaha
Fuck those ppl that curse infinite to die. You all ahould just go die first man fuck off la.
Spent the afternoon reading iron man: stark disassembled. Cos I like looking at things I can't have
Suspect caught for breaking into neighbour's flat: SINGAPORE: Police have arrested a 49-year-old man suspected o... twitterurl
Man jailed for cheating friend of $10,000 with a restaurant investment lie: February 18, 2013 3:53 PMAn employee... twitterurl
Since ah boy to man, I wish I could be ARMY! Hats off to you all NS men!
Top places to visit before i die have got to be california,Japan,Dubai and New York man
I dont see why people judge how good looking your man/woman is. Afterall,its their heart matters.
Cbb... This old man at the Resident Corner The face like Randy Orton sia walo aso scary..
??twitterusername GOOD NEWS for Man Utd &amp;amp; PL Fans: Cristiano Ronaldo Back To Old Trafford for ??55 Million !! twitterurl
When Oomf Graduate What Ima Do? Im not gone have nobody to sit w/ at Lunch. Man <<<<<
[PHOTOS] Kim Jong Kook tells fans he hopes to bring Running Man to Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
i really really really ?????? Running Man!! the PD, the scriptwriters, the cast, the VJs... all fabulous! long live RM!
Spent one full hour reading back my Twitter archives, man I'm glad my old days are over
I wonder what KJK gonna perform. Hope it's One Man. That song is damn sweet. #kjkinsg #kjk
??twitterusername This is only KJK in Singapore. What if the whole Running Man members come to Singapore? ??????
YES THIS! RT??twitterusername Wah play until bored already then just throw aside huh? Hate people like you man.???
Sleeping now so I can wake up fr Man U vs Real Madrid match later haha gdnight suckers x
??twitterusername twitterusername what's goin ooooon man I been CHILLEN tryna make a dollar outta 15cents lol.???lol.\
We need 2 sc0re RT twitterusername Will Man United score in this match, or we waiting for Rooney?
Good both defensive and attacking play by Man U, keep up the good pace on 2nd half #GGMU
Man Some Girls Just Really Have That Body Perfection And Beauty With Or Without Make Up....Yah Im IG Creeping
omgggggggggggg wow mr loh married miss teo awww so sweet sia finally mr loh tak single man
[News] Singaporean man missing in Hawaii: SINGAPORE : Singapore's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) and its Co... twitterurl
The moshpit is one HELL of a crazy place to be. LIKE FUCK THE WORLD, JUST MOSH MAN
I think morinho aak real madrid not to score to many goal as not to hurt man utd
Manchester United vs Real Madrid second leg - Man of the match: Referee. The absolute game changer! #MUFC #GGMU
Its ok, man utd still can participate in C division north zone final. Ok mepek. Goodnight la eh.
U.S. man charged in Pakistan terrorist attack: A naturalized citizen living in Portland, Oregon, has been char... twitterurl
Yosh im back on the road. Thanks to my Billy Bedok twitterusername . Nice gilera youve got there man. Ironman sey.
and where are you time man u lawan real madrid ? tido kan time masa tu ? <<< this one tak dapat point
Don't sad larh. Will see you soon. You take care huh! :) RT twitterusername  twitterusername yeah man alot to catch up!! :-(
When i make plans and more plans just come in. So much for being a Yes Man.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername RT twitterusername Stop deciding everything for me man fuck don't I get a choice of my own??????
Who's your favorite person in running man! ??? I LOVE GARY & I SHIP MONDAY COUPLE HEHEHE who's yours!! twitterurl
Are there any places you are afraid to visit? ??? hospital. that place is naturally creepy man. twitterurl
Urghhh why Youtube dowan to load videosssss.. I want to watch video abt this man being electrocuted
After so long,, haven't been to a wedding, and helping out with the old man and his boys with silat.
i've recently found you on youtube and you have a pretty amazing voice man. twitterusername love your original. :-)
??twitterusername twitterusername what a dude man :D ha got your back bro !! twitterusername feel some bromance do you :")
Omg. I was watching Arafes yesterday and my cousin said that the shortest man there looks like a boy xD
Cannot watch FA Cup QF match- Man U v Chelsea. Didn't subscribe the channel. Will rely on twitter then. Haha!!!
I may not be the richest man in the world but i can assure many other stuffs. This is random ??
Man u can close the deal but chose to cock things up.  Gg. Hazard definitely made the diff.  #mcuche #facup
NEA issues warning to coffeeshop operator for failing to stop man who smoked in front of baby \
aw man why are jeans always so long? having alterations done to them are a god damned necessity
The conclave will begin tomorrow, can't wait to see who's the next Prada wearing old man gonna be!
What straight man sits there & takes pics of himself all day, everyday? Talking about you taking "selfies"... ??
This man opposite me like on drugs only? Eyes so big never blink, is he stoning in his own world ?
Cops Storm Motel to Grab Murder Suspect: Ore. motel worker helps police capture man suspected in slaying of Wa... twitterurl
[CNA] Man fined for submitting illegal work pass applications: SINGAPORE: A 56-year-old Singaporean... twitterurl #singapore
Leaving me during my most crucial moment just shows what kind of man you are . Shame on you.
Ckp pasal ns, i think im gonna whine when they shave ma head. This is worst than sunat man... Grrr
Arjun here, how is life man??? need gym some day la n hangout... ??? I'm waiting for your call bro;) twitterurl
Man jailed for threatening to throw woman from 11th floor, slapping woman: March 13, 2013 2:05 PMA contractor ... twitterurl
I need a ride to da gym man smh I got a lot of shit on ma mind
Nowadays, my brother will wake up and watch running man earlier than me on tuesdays. Usually its the opposite. :o
??twitterusername Although I don't know him personally, I do wish the press would take it easy on twitterusername .??? Th man :')
Just woke up. Man, that felt like 12 hours of agonizing pain. It was actually only 4 hours. ??
I just met one of the EC Softball Player //Hafiz// Woah his so so handsome man Lol
:"D hahahahaha RT twitterusername "twitterusername Behind every successful man..."<<< is a lady with a long weave lol!
I love my friends more than I love someone who I can admit to people, yes he's my man.
freak man when the instructors/facilitators say "see you next time!" ,when is the next time siaaaaaa :((((/
A man in his late thirties has passed away after enduring a week-long protest against immigrants in Singapore.  twitterurl
Ok! Interesting! QT twitterusername Exposing a man???s genitals to sunlight can cause his testosterone level to rise by 200%.
Wtf is up with my life man. I swear. whatever. I'm gonna do what I do best. Smile. Goodnight everyone (:
next-bloody-month an army of Iron Man, fxcking insane. does another upcoming EPIC trilogy ! twitterurl #IronMan3
The best place to learn lessons about life is in the presence of your old man. #home #family @ Philippine?? twitterurl
imran wanted to date me but he forgot his anni w his girlf lol screwed up man
IDEK how the Fuck Im late everyday i swear! Like WTF man i take the same time GRRRRR
"twitterusername twitterusername I hate you man it hurts loving you. WHAT THE HELL :(" IM HAVING A HEART ATTACK
Feel your pain man! RT twitterusername "Why am I not asleep yet. 5 more hours of sleep..."
I liked a twitterusername video from twitterusername twitterurl 130317 Running Man Blue Team failed CUT #1- HAHA,Gary,Jihyo
kc asked me to run tmr at 11PM WTF MAN PM? even if im really running its bloody almost midnight ==
Arrest in U.S. woman's death in Turkey: Turkish police on Sunday arrested a man suspected of killing American ... twitterurl
Who doesn't ??twitterusername Not to mention he wears suits. You always like the man who wears suits.???
Hahahha shocked that you still rmb about it! LOL Yah just awake lah cant fall asleep man! But trying to.
fixing my HDD at the apple store. Thank god my uncle works at iStudio or I'm so fucked man.
Wah lao.. I wearing T-back nia, caught an old man staring at my breasts 4times for the past 10min
??twitterusername Yeah the couch RT twitterusername Every man needs a little cushion for the pushing ??????? PANDAI SIA ??
haha, the angmo man says how to make babies when the others from the other block can see everthing LOLOLOL.
Man Bruh Bet Not Eva Call Or Text Me Again Because I Ain't Answering He Do Unnecessary Shit EVERYDAY !
[CNA] Chinese national jailed for stealing bag on SilkAir flight: SINGAPORE: A 47-year-old man has ... twitterurl #singapore
U.S. senators seek to stop funding Singapore firm after American's death: A police investigation into one man'... twitterurl
Jason Terry, welcome to the place where the man who dunk with no regard for human life a.k.a twitterusername
Alex Ong's verdict is out. >> STOMP - Courtroom - Man who pushed old woman off the bus ordered to undergo mandatory.. twitterurl
Gimme a break man why cant i just live my own life why is it so fucking hard ?
Can I have a house like this in the future? In L.A than ade swimming gine man twitterurl
I really miss studying biology .... :( can I take extra H2 bio :( I really really love bio man
>__< RT twitterusername yeaaay allkpop: CNBLUE???s Jonghyun,Lee Jong Suk, and Kim Woo Bin spotted filming for Running Man twitterurl
Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece on three occasions, started when she was 10 years old twitterurl
Swiss man claims he was deceived by teen prostitute: AFP  Tuesday, Mar 19, 2013    SINGAPORE - A Swiss expatri... twitterurl
A celebrity screams and its a beating for the homeless man! But good on you, Britney! twitterurl
Fucking man cut my queue and squeeze into the mrt and now I have to take the next train. ?? Zzzzz
Singaporean man found dead in burning JB house: March 22, 2013 8:05 PMJOHOR BARU - Firefighters putting out a ... twitterurl
If I found out the person who said Atiqah Zailani, that's it man. Better dont reveal yourself anywhere bitch.
Go on and listen^^ first recording of man who cant be moved... Just the vocals tho, can play guitar:( twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername WTH man.. this person is the gross one for judging you without knowing you well -.-" ??
??????????????????????????????????RT twitterusername "These days man knows the price of everything, but the value of nothing."  -Oscar Wilde
Abu Sayyaf release Australia hostage: Warren Rodwell, an Australian man kidnapped 15 months ago by an al-Qaeda... twitterurl
[ST] Man fined $2,000 for engaging unlicensed employment agent: March 22, 2013 2:17 PMA 23-year-old... twitterurl #singapore
"Hi im Sheyaa| 16| JB| Single mingle Double triple ;).. Im just waiting a man from GOD.. Simple personn"
Hindustan, Running Man, Candy Crush and 4 pics 1 words in one shot. Not productive day for me.
Breaking down whenever "Rihanna // Nobody's Business Ft. Chris Brown" plays... FUCK! CANNOT TAKE IT MAN! I NEED YOU NOW!
Last song: When i was your man by Bruno Mars playing on MTV. Then, i shall wash up and sleep.
Hey you rob give back what you took from the set of iron man..... We know about what you did
Oh man... Didn't know my aunt has cooked. On the way to her place for my 2nd round of dinner.
You're da man  *thumbs up* RT twitterusername #nowwatching Warm Bodies (2013). Alone. #foreveralone (@ MBO Space U8 bukit )
#facepalm "twitterusername Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear so that he could look at her buttocks"
"twitterusername Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear so that he could look at her buttocks twitterurl siao
[ST] Unemployed man jailed 9 months for cutting woman's underwear: March 28, 2013 5:16 PMAn unemplo... twitterurl #singapore
A Man Was Caught Smuggling Almost 14 Percent of an Entire Species:      Last week at the Suvarnabhumi Internat... twitterurl
"The most beautiful clothes that a woman can wear are the arms of the man she love"
Would you do THIS for stranger?: A man in Philadelphia saved a stranger that had fallen onto the subway tracks.\
Oh no Newcastle playing against Man City this Saturday O.O and some of Newcastle's main players are injured ahh Newcastle
WATCH: California Man???s Clumsy Burglary Attempt: REDDING, Calif. ??? Police in a far Northern California city ar... twitterurl
subuh is serious stuff man, when you got 10 minutes left to the end of subuh, shit gets extra crucial.
??twitterusername I wish I had a Scorpio woman in my life ??????? it ain't no fun unless its a sagg man
Not blaming them at all just this man... is just.. so.. ugh.... why are you making our lives so difficult??
moments of quality settled match between Chelsea & Man Utd. Ba's goal & tht really amazing Cech save from Hernandez. Agree?
Maybe 2013 its not Man United luck to advance both UEFA Champions & FA CUP. We shall see next season ;)
when Wilfred start to nag about scumbags churnin kids for benefits. tryn to understand a man naggin in birm accent
Untidy man came 30cm close to me and tapped me while i was uaing my phone at the deserted carpark.
Been watching yes or no and yes or no 2 these few days. Best Thai love show ever man (Y)
Cooking in the kitchen with haikal and terence is like hell man they dont know anything hahaha omg
Right!RT twitterusername Mine by Taylor Swift? :))) RT ifianivalentine: I fell in love with a careless man???s careful daughter
Ip man was..... Okay. But somehow it made me feel like i wanna fight after watching it.
Rooney maseh ah nk klua Man Utd..... "Wayne Rooney should join PSG, claims Zlatan Ibrahimovic twitterurl via twitterusername
3 years of being friends with twitterusername i've never seen him so sweet . Proud you you man !! ??
Damn boa I been having this serious ass heart pain like a old ass man lol wtf
15 years old!?! And you rob and stab a grown ass man over 50 times!??! WOW. #First48
When a man is able to take abuse with a smile, he is worthy to become a leader
The ladies be droppin so low man it's hot in here, and we got money to blow oh oh
Whatever with all these edvidence i can call the police man -'- . I think you should consult a counsellor .
Was in the middle of my conversation wif her. Skali my pp8 da habis la! Shit man!
Trade ur iphone 4 or 4 s to iphone 5 for free ? Hell man buat dekat Malaysia mcm gitu please !
[NEW POST] ?????Race Start!??? in Hong Kong! Running Man Fan Meeting??? to Kick Start the Tour on July 13 twitterurl
CORRECTION: Man sentenced to 3 years' jail, 8 strokes of the cane (not 4) for molesting daughter twitterurl
" I know ur man aint lovinnn u right, ur lonely under pressure need a thug in ya lifeee "
Wts camp got me in the habit of drinking a lot of water. Dude idw to keep peeing man.
LMFAAAAAOOOOOOO RT ??twitterusername Wait! The background singer is singing the falsetto & Chris just lips it, smart man lol.???
AsiaClassifiedToday: Meet Eugene Kaspersky: the man on a mission to wage war against - and ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man [Official Video] last song for you</3: twitterurl via twitterusername
Feel like drinking starbucks im so excited to leave the house man how did I survive so long at home.
Should i watch running man thn sleep? I think i should since i had a oowerful afternoon nap haha.
Bought a pack of hot coffee. Only caffeine stuffs will drive off the weariness. Feel perkish enough now man!
Teacher said i cant get bursary. Because my name takda. OMG. WHAT IS THIS MAN I WANT TO CRY
Oh yup only european aryans got blue eyes :p ??? Yeaaaaaaaah man! And blue eyes are sexaye twitterurl
My Chinese phrase of the week: ?????, Hao Hua or HH. "Wah, this shopping mall is damn HH, man!"
Please grow up & be a real man. Tell the truth & stop playing with innocent people's heart! Jerk.
There's nothin new under d sun ! Someone has experienced d same ??twitterusername No Man Alive Have Witnessed Struggles I Survived???
Do you still longboarding? ??? Not anymore man. Restricted by girlfriend and need to spend time with her. ;)... twitterurl
Damn. It was Sibutramine aka Meridia. Some dangerous stuff man. Cardiovascular side effects of the drugs are crazy.
beer time! twitterusername twitterusername are watching Running Man Flower Boys epi.... emz is laughing like therez no tomorrow! twitterurl
Man United have confirmed the signing of 20-year-old Uruguayan defender Guillermo Varela. Finally another defender...
Irfan Fandi did not deserve man-of-the-match award for Canon Lion City Cup twitterurl twitterurl
4 more days to Man Of Steel!! Can't fucking wait... After 7 long years of waiting...foooo...
In two days time .. My bestfriend, joining the live saving force, with me ... You can do it man ... twitterusername
Photoset: ??? Happy Birthday to our precious Hyunseong An adorable yet handsome man.... Best Friends love you! twitterurl
There was a mad man at macs yesterday and he threatened to shoot all of us...... with his fingers lol
#22 - Work hard man. Keep training. You can be a good defender. See you next Tue insyaAllah
Having thai massage now awesome shit shes like all over me but man the massage is crazy
jgmb come on man i hope you're making the piano sheets for trap ily if you do ???
Lady, you're challenging me. And i'm about to prove to you that i'm a man of my words.
Man, this is forty kinds of bullshit. Weekend is here and I???ve got a sore throat settling in.
' Man you had everything . You got the woman who loves you . but sadly you're just another plain jerk . '
twitterurl A dog was stolen from a homeless man. It's his only family and thing of value left. :(
"twitterusername 130513 Running Man filming. Guests: Kim Soo Hyun and Lee Hyun Woo. Pic via twitterusername [I] twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername be good man, taubat! :) syukur alhamdulillah! :)??? amin.. I heard about what happened.. I hope u are doing great.
If you want something said, ask a man. If you want something done, ask a woman. (Margaret Thatcher) #qotd
From the aftermath emerged tales of incredible rescue, many heroes lost their lives, yet the surfing man survived.
"the man with greatest soul will always face the greatest war with the low minded person"(Albert Enstein)
The beginning of Free Now reminds me of twitterusername idk man just basically the whole song minus the mother part
Ultimate respect to this 81 year old Canadian man, Ed Whitlock. Completing a full marathon 42.195km in?? twitterurl
[News] 45-year-old man arrested over loansharking activities: On Thursday, officers from Ang Mo Kio Police Div... twitterurl
I really hope I made Syirin feel better man. Seeing her sad makes me sad too idky haha
when i was your man playing and I suddenly remembered twitterusername dedicating her singing to me HAHAHAHAHA
of twenty-year-old man has become the first person to die of dengue in singapore twitterurl
(Updated with video) Shenzhen man goes crazy with chopper at market, attacking dad-in-law and himself twitterurl
But if I could see your face once more I could die a happy man I'm sure.
"im gonna watch running man marathon until 4am so we're not going to go market tmr okay?" mom..........wow
I got a really nice man to keep me company on my way to RM making this ride enjoyable
Joe Brooks got me. He knows how to make a damn good song. Bloody hell british man!
Played iron man since I got home then I decided to take a picture of myself for fun. twitterurl
Hmmm! QT twitterusername BREAKING: Bill Gates dethrones Carlos Slim as the world's richest man as Microsoft hits five-year high
[ST] Jobless man jailed nine months for slashing and hitting wife with table fan and flask twitterurl
Woo. Happygirl89. Passed advanced diploma. Ohhh yay. No more worry man. I can shake my leg with peace?? twitterurl
Nearly got knocked down by a stupid motor-bicycle man, don't know how to ring the bell one meh. Pcb.
Photo: thefrogman: Buttersafe by Raynato Castro and Alex Culang [website | twitter] Roses, man. Don???t be a... twitterurl
"twitterusername "twitterusername #np when you were my man :'("when I was little I eat kokokrunch hehe" hahaaaa sengal amar :p
Not gonna watch Star Trek. Never seen the series. Not gonna watch Iron Man 3. Everyone's already watching it.
It's the end of the season now... really will miss Ferguson whenever i see Man united next season
A HAPPY BIRTHDAY wish, to the one I love and the most amazing man i know! Happy 20th birthday?? twitterurl
Go and klaim your own victory :) I will be the Happyest man ever who see you guys succeed
Oh man pls don't let him divert his calls to this house, penat au repeat/explain psl phone divert HAHA :/
Man who knocked down 12-year-old twin boys in #Tampines hit-and-run sentenced to 12 weeks' jail twitterurl
Watching ep 147 of Running Man! The beginning was cute when Kwangsoo started to pose as flower boys! ??
Running man ep 147 is da best! Never did I laughed so much! From beginning till the end! So funny!!
Says who scarves are only for chicks, real man carry anything ;) Loce how the slim fit blazer matches?? twitterurl
Hell man my ankle is feeling extremely painful. It literally cracked very loud while i was dancing ????
[TRANS: 130528 twitterusername (4)] "Set-free man" of fish and shellfish. If you catch it twitterurl via twitterusername
Now my baby's eating piscok in bus linus but she's eating piscok with another man~~ #TerBrunoMarsKan #tamat
!!!!!!!!!!!!"twitterusername But if your not my man looking at me naked and pipin me down my weight DONT concern you"
I liked Mac Miller, I hated Mac Miller. 'Watching Movies with the sound off' is fucking great, man!
Lmfaoooo I can't deal with that shit man "twitterusername twitterusername yesssss . lookin like they been chompin on brick burgers!"
"twitterusername Done with day 5 with sissy. Mua. This thing better work man twitterurl Can I try :p
Bus full of cheena man seated comfortably, sleeping away while singaporeans standing, looking at them. Just, great! #Singaporesounique
My good friend right here is gonna start his journey to become a man already. Goodluck bro. Make new?? twitterurl
Happy birthday IP MAN! Hehe glad that you had more than one awesome birthday surprise/celebrations?? twitterurl
i shall be responsible and resist the urge to watch running man now so that i don't zombie during pday
y'all need to learn how to record fights man. when they move, you move just like that ??
Remote gate tak boleh gune. Shitss i forgot to change the battery. Have to wait ibu sampai. Dangg hangeryy man.
Holy s**t! I found them. Man, they got old! (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Now i knw how it feels like to have backache when on period, gosh it fucking hurts man.
I need to find a kinder side of man-kind. One that doesn't deserve to fuck themselves.
Murder dem by twitterusername on twitterusername Man i love this song. Well done twitterusername for this hit.
WTF so the "manliest man song" on click network was just an advertisement for the double down
I'm so tired, man it's already 4:08 and I haven't finish my physics. 2 hours of break oh noo
Iron Man 3 ; people making a big deal out of it just because they haven't watch it .  -.- kinda annoying .
Time my physics CA and I have yet to prepare for it .... Have been watching running man .. Oh gosh
freaking this man. RT twitterusername Everybody is just fudging annoying can I go live in another world all by myself
iron man and hulk... I swear i cried during this scene because i really thought tony died twitterurl
April Jones jury selection continues: Jury selection in the trial of the man accused of murdering missing five... twitterurl
I don't have a problem with guys using hot pants.. But seriously man, leg hair last warning sia ??????
That's it man when school reopens gonna sing Danza Kuduro to Ariadna see whether she understands me or not HAHA
Wa seh..darn free. RT twitterusername Awesome! Otaku creates Iron Man armour suit from scratch twitterurl twitterurl
Aye da kidd just got out man mention me and ill mention you ok ...shit like that
Moyes is named new Man Utd boss: Manchester United appoint Everton manager David Moyes as Sir Alex Ferguson's ... twitterurl
How issit that most of the people i know, starts wearing braces?! I WANT TO USE IT TOO MAN!!! >:(
idk man...care to share how did that guy finds your vagina buried under so much fats during sexual intercourse?
#lifestyle #news: Man sexually assaults boy, 9, in Tanglin Halt: Boy had helped him wash plates at ... twitterurl #singapore
Don't think because you are pretty and popular and you can be so noisy and act cute man.
[TheVerge] 'Iron Man 3' director signs on for 'Doc Savage' adaptation: Shane Black, the celebrated action movi... twitterurl
"Speak the Word. Speak faith ?? ??Faith talks in the language of God. Doubt talks in the language of man???." twitterurl
Man jailed and caned for sexually assaulting nine-year-old boy - Channel News Asia: Channel News AsiaMan jaile... twitterurl
Oh ya, had a great day today with them taking lotsa pictures and watch iron man 3.
[News] Man charged with running brothel and living off prostitution: A massage parlour owner has been charged ... twitterurl
this dude is really annoying. whenever i go somewhere, he's always there. nama dah lah nak sama. wth man
New avi...ma  main man twitterusername he ain't ever fuck me over....real nigga till the grave!
"twitterusername I try to be a true friend and youre treating me like shit" cheer up man, im here
I will kill Wan on Thursday itself if I can't watch iron man 3 . I got this.
Farewell to my man Haziq, who's going for his enlisting soon, he's my gym partner, my cruising friend?? twitterurl
After Bombing Suspect Showdown, the Internet Wants to Buy Watertown Resident a New Boat: A man in Watertown, M... twitterurl
I just cant accept the culture in my working environment .. ppl are so negative & naive .. get a life man.
Bumped into my pri sch takraw Malay teacher aft a v long time. The old man da gunakn tongkat alrd
yishun poly have to wait for 3 hour. what the chocolate fudge. no way im waitin man
So how many have gloating Man U colleagues in the office today wearing the jersey and singing the song?
Jezrin Technologies The Man Who Makes Animals Talk in All Caps: Chona Kasinger is a freela... twitterurl twitterusername #technology
[YH!SG-FB] Tottenham Hotspur plunder three late goals to stun defending champs Man City 3-1...: Tot... twitterurl #singapore
Tottenham 3-1 Man City: Tottenham's stunning comeback against Manchester City leaves Manchester United three p... twitterurl
Man brings snoozing in MRT stations to another level -- by sleeping on the floor twitterurl via twitterusername
Singapore on alert for bird flu - The Star Online: Singapore on alert for bird fluThe Star OnlineA man wearing... twitterurl
Known this fella since kindergarten! And since then you've never failed to be a good friend to me man.?? twitterurl
Omar Borkan Al Gala: Meet the Man Deported from Saudi Arabia for Being 'Too Handsome'[PHOTOS] twitterurl
"twitterusername my babuji boss been shooted by a man riding motorcycle at Putrajaya this morning. alfatihah" alfatihah.
My contacts was too dry and now some old man thinks I winked at him... OH GOD WHY
Wear a braces you jerk ??? Aye aye captain! Now,fuck you man it's my story to fill not yours.... twitterurl
Lutfi just Ajak me watch iron man 3 with him :D so long never lepak with him already !
Esok nak tgok iron man 3 and oblivion. Why r u saying i have mid year exam?!!
Feels so good to have done all the school work before heading home!! I'm a free man!!
Running Man with dearest 4/4!! ??????? great start to the day. #repost from theshimpd and thank you ms?? twitterurl
Any Man Who Wants To Marry Me Should Wait Till Am 34 ??? Actress Halima Abubakar twitterurl via twitterusername
Do you go on dates with girls? ??? Yeah I do,can't take the sauseges in the club man twitterurl
Man Utd like becerai only rooney, nani, giggs and all got other club bid then some leaving also BIG SIGHHHHHHH :((((
This is my family. Five bug one flower. One woman rest a man/boy. Haha #Throwback #eid #blue?? twitterurl
Ricky Kim capable man candidate, Cha Inpyo an charismatic angel with a beastly instinct, Seo janghoon korean's national athele basketballer!
Nothing pisses me off more than a grown ass man drinking in the MRT stations and trains.
Start from today I was being the real man who start the new activity and forgot all those shit
Omg, today i have to stay low profile.. Im not gonna show off my iron man suit.. Haha
Ohio man, who held 3 women captive for a decade before dramatic rescue today, was an "average dude" twitterurl
Wah my bootlicking skills damn good man. I made my dentist smile the moment he saw me :D
Someone I like is always far away from me. Someone I love is always breaking me apart. Why man whyyyyy
/uglylaughter Hans Zimmer is doing the score for Man Of Steel. Is this my dream Superman movie?
Man jailed 3 months for burning neighbour's baby accidentally: April 17, 2013 5:03 PMA baby suffered burns on ... twitterurl
Welcome Dumb Little Man Readers | Existing2Living: ... by the greatest masters in peak performance and personal development in histor...
I'm not just a man with these broken dreams, even I can go to heaven if I part the seas.
#Deal #AudioBook  #9: Man 2.0 Engineering the Alpha: A Real World Guide to an Unreal Life?? twitterurl
This Saturday! Yeah man! RT twitterusername yaayy cant wait for Pertapis Children's Home Flag Day . going to help them ..
Front-row seat for Watertown battle: The man who saw a Boston gun battle outside his house twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Iron Man 3 leads Hollywood's Chinese charge - BBC News: BBC NewsIron M... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Would I be rude to snatch this man Pizza Hut as we get off the bus.?! #rns
#lifestyle #news: Indian man held for selling baby grandson on Facebook: He allegedly kidnapped bab... twitterurl #singapore
last year* & YA SIA. BIAS. RT "twitterusername fk man deyi got prom this year then last night no prom =_=
i dont get angry so often but when i do you must rly have done some shit man
The weather is cold in Hk man... and I always bring the wrong clothes -.- now i'm sick again
Man arrested in connection with acid incident on MRT train: Commuters are seen in the train departing Joo Koon... twitterurl
I'm sick seeing the movie schedule at the cinema lately, Iron Man is shown in all theatre flinging other movies.
Iron man was so awesome !!! Totally got goosebumps all over when he destroyed all his robots for Pepper ??????
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Im the Iron man!. Im flying here and there like a bird!. Weeeeee!.???k??? cb you!
CHARISMA "twitterusername Why do Thor and Captain American seem so boring in comparison to Iron Man? | twitterurl (via twitterusername
"twitterusername Sis is going to Jeju island now while Im stuck on maths lecture heoll"so nice man
Iron Man 3 was awesome! Great storyline and definitely one of the best endings to a a great movie
fuck! I cannot be clingy all the time man! EVERYONE is getting bored of me. shall be simple now.
[CNA] Minimum insurance requirement for maids raised to S$15,000 in 2010: Tan Chuan-Jin: Acting Man... twitterurl #singapore
Akif, Haikal, Afiqah, Farisya all got selected woah it'll be so fun if I get to go man
woman think too much and too much is not good RT twitterusername Difference between a man and a woman twitterurl
Brother of man accused of kidnapping 3 women for ten years says "I hope he rots in jail" twitterurl
Alltop RSS > Lightning strikes thrice: How one man turned two different photos into a 3D model of... twitterurl #photography
"twitterusername RDJ in Los Angeles to attend a wedding #So0w twitterurl he's in the iron man pose
You've got the best of both worlds, you're the kind of girl who can take down a man.
Somebody get this man off my line "you can stay with me tonight" no sir I can not
"twitterusername 'I hope hyeri and ljoe follow we go married like taeminniee and naeun' WHAT" no man no just no
let your kids roam wild man. then blame on us when they fall. id love to see that.
I have nothing to be ashamed of. Win, Lose or Draw. My heart is always on Man United.
[Y!FB] An elderly man was found unconscious near a train track towards Expo MRT station...: An elde... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername Ailee will appear on "Real Man"  at 6:20pm! Stream here~ twitterurl twitterusername im sure hyungsikki be delighted
Recieved a letter from the army careers..... omg they seriously want girls to be an army... hell no man
War News Updates > Is The U.S. President The Most Powerful Man On Earth?: President Barack Obama meets with me... twitterurl
Behind The Shot: ???Mountain Goat Kids Jumping??? by Tin Man Lee ??? Mount Evans, Colorado twitterurl #photography #arts
Why r we gng visiting on day 3 lol wt forget it man the red packet money so little only. ????????????.
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 5: Man left his GF crying alone at Hougang MRT station twitterurl
I shall continue to watch running man in camp . I need full batt and on bed while watching .
Dumbest cab driver award goes to this man for taking the wrong (& longer) route & even took the wrong exit
watching running man and eating my fried tapioca and suddenly ... I've finished one whole bottle of it...
#lifestyle #news: Malaysian court jails man who raped, then married girl: Father of four already ha... twitterurl #singapore
Daebak, destiny's partner running man ep 183 is amazing ! Jong kook with Uhm Junghwa and Monday Couple forever ^^
LOL "twitterusername (Man City v Chelsea) Brendan Rodgers in the crowd scouting our rivals for the title. Good to see."
??twitterusername "twitterusername A man's biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile."???
Top man Michael Laudrup, but Swansea been in free fall for months. Were my tip for relegation on twitterusername show.
Every woman, no matter how strong she thinks she is, she wants some comfort from a man.
Was expecting two 400m runners to go to RP but they''re not there. Hais ok man.
And I love you RT twitterusername Beckham: Moyes is a great manager & Man United aren't in crisis - twitterurl twitterurl
[ST] Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat: February 06, 20... twitterurl #singapore
[Privy People] Privy member Bing Chen, YouTube's Global Creator Development and Management lead, is the man... twitterurl
[Y!] First man to plead guilty in Singapore Little India Riot gets 15 weeks jail: Singapore???s court... twitterurl #singapore
Man found guilty of bribing SCDF officer: A businessman was convicted of bribing a Singapore Civil Defence For... twitterurl
Havent eaten the whole freaking day thanks to work related stuffffffs during my off day that anj man anj
Man pushes trolley at busy street at Admiralty and even keeps to turning lane at intersection twitterurl twitterurl
Wow tonight at dom lounge will be exciting!~~ I heard who's coming also! whahaha! and I'll dj! perfect man! Exciting!
He's right. ??twitterusername Russell Brand on Philip Seymour Hoffman: "The Man Was a Drug Addict and His Death Inevitable" twitterurl
Man utd starting XI: De Gea, Rafael, Smalling, Vidic, Evra; Mata, Carrick, Fletcher, Young; Rooney, van Persie
??twitterusername Man Utd's play > pass to the wingers/fullbacks and cross. Boring and ineffective.??? Definition of Moyes.
So many Fulham's defenders in the box, and Man United's attack is so predictable, makes Fulham's defenders job easy.
AsiaClassifiedToday: Too many cars put Dubai in a traffic blackspot - The National: Too man... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Idk when you boys are going to learn but you'll never be a man acting like that.
oh i see then what kind of man you want ??? I don't want any of it. hahaha twitterurl
To stay at home and watch running man or go out and have a peace of mind with a book..
An odious person who claims to love her husband why sticking her tongue down the throat of another man.
Bouncers beat up man and strip off his shirt before kicking him out of club at Clarke Quay twitterurl twitterurl
Miley Mask and Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man!!! #Mileymask #twerk TAG SOMEONE WHO CAN TWERK!  twitterurl
[Y!] Appeal ???inadequate??? sentence of man who had endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat, ACRES urges ... twitterurl #singapore
(yahoo) Appeal ???inadequate??? sentence of man who had endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat, ACRES urges AVA twitterurl
!!!!!!??twitterusername You bitches nasty af. Farting in front of ya man ain't got nothing to do with being in love???
Idk man. Damn. Really wanted to book the villa at silose beach resort but dammit! 1k for one night. Siao!
Love Story: I gave up my job in Shanghai and came to S'pore for the man I love twitterurl
Hey man, your dogs are disturbing the peace in Punggol estate by barking non-stop twitterurl twitterurl
After watching Jeritan Sepi, shall go to bed. Cause later wanna watch Man United match against Arsenal.
Love Story: I gave up my job in Shanghai and came to S'pore for the man I love  twitterurl twitterurl
I'm the leader of the clan you could tell from the headbandd. Spirit of god become one, inside man.
What the hell man. I'm not even 20 yet. Hate being the elders girl in the family. HATE HATE HATE.
are they going to have sex while he's chained to the bed like for real man come on
Think, Singapore! > Heather Chua Man probed for posing as woman and making racist remarks online: By David Ee,... twitterurl
well then Man united deserves someone who wont fucking leave no matter wht RT  twitterusername twitterusername HE DESERVES BETTER.
Goodnights everyone . Bro twitterusername , once again happy 20th .. I miss all the fun you guys are having man...
idk i ship jiley so hard they look so perfect tgt omg selena can take some other man pls pls
If Man U played like this since the beginning of the season, they would be top now sia!
"I'll make a beast out of myself. Gets rid of all the pain of being a man"
Done collecting 5 jersey. Still got more to buy! Real Madrid, Chelsea, AC Milan, Man United and FC?? twitterurl
not a fan of man utd or wtv but on my previous tweet, it is cute tho ?????
Someone got educated: Man Poses as Woman on Online Dating Site; Barely Lasts Two Hours twitterurl #sexism #culture
[CNA] Man falls overboard near Kusu Island, search and rescue underway: The Maritime and Port Autho... twitterurl #singapore
used VLC to play Ip Man at 2X speed. Now its not chain fists, its bullet fists.
Man lets girl who found his lost iPhone keep it -- after finding out how pretty she is twitterurl twitterurl
Wearing khaki beret walking saksak in front of the new recruits in Bedok camp until I almost trip. Crap man!
Actually my phone has been "camera hacked" by that greeny hat man.. So many of his photos on my?? twitterurl
will upload all the videos and pictures i have of Lauren and Elena later heheheheheheheeheheeheheehe so fucking happy man
Man allegedly touches female bus commuter by opening his legs wide when seated beside her twitterurl twitterurl
[CNA] Police appeal for information on Canberra Road armed robbery: Police are looking for a man to... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername Malaysian man found guilty of raping schoolgirl whom he had later married twitterurl according to his religion?
[ST] Project director fined for fatally knocking down man, 80, in Sengkang: January 28, 2014 11:48 ... twitterurl #singapore
Project director fined for fatally knocking down man, 80, in Sengkang: January 28, 2014 11:48 AMA project dire... twitterurl
Man arrested for flinging chairs, flower pots and other objects outside the New Hawa Restaurant along Bedok Road... twitterurl
Man... Mario got the juice and im sittin here with a cup of water and a dream
"twitterusername Waking up with the confidence of man who can chuck out an S4 in the middle of Kongowea."
Okay now watching Running Man Episode 155 and as usual Jae Suk and Kwangsoo never fail to make me laugh
This white man said he got kicked in the shoulder by a horse so he can't have kids lmfao wut
"I swear I needa marry a white man, they just so helpful" -confused girl in my bio lab
I know twitterusername is crap, but twitterusername too? - PayPal and GoDaddy cost one man his $50,000 Twitter account twitterurl
Thanks Arsenal for dumping Arsenal out. Unfortunately Everton couldn't avoid Arsenal or Man City in the next round.
Wonder whether we'll ever celebrate a hari raya together with my cousins again here in Singapore hmm. 11 years man.
??twitterusername twitterusername man city vs barcelona, you'd be a fool to miss such a classic.??? Mercenaries versus artisans, boring sleeping
some dude just bought an iron man helmet and paint it according to deathstroke's. Creative or dumb?
War News Updates > Did The CIA Number Two Man Alter The Benghazi Talking Points?: Did CIA Official Suppress Be... twitterurl
Appeal for information on loanshark harassment case: SINGAPORE - Police are looking for the man shown in the p... twitterurl
OMFG Hyungsikkie is at it again! 140216 Hyungsik @ Incheon Airport Departing to Sochi,Russia for Real Man twitterurl
My Big Man twitterusername !! Thank you so much for everything. Much love from me and tashawhuut ?????????????? twitterurl
FULL STORY: Man charged for hacking incidents; More being investigated for PMO, Istana hacking twitterurl via twitterusername
As Long As You Know I can Have Any Man I Want To Baby Thats Actual Not Factual
Please people never call me in the morning , i sound likka a fucking slut with man voice so never
Not a hatchet job headline. #sureornot RT twitterusername Alleged ???Messiah??? is thin, balding man with drug problem??? twitterurl
[Y!] James Raj, 35, charged for hacking Ang Mo Kio town council website: A Singaporean man was char... twitterurl #singapore
[CNA] Man goes missing in waters off Changi country club: The Maritime and Port Authority of Singap... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday Man goes missing in waters off Changi country club - Channel News Asia:... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
[ST] Missing windsurfer is SIM Global Education student: November 24, 2013 11:33 PMThe man who has ... twitterurl #singapore
Missing windsurfer is SIM Global Education student: November 24, 2013 11:33 PMThe man who has gone missing off... twitterurl
Body of Vietnamese man recovered from waters off East Coast Park beach twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
He, who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of the pain of being a man!
What should a real woman be able to do? ??? a real women is stronger and better than a man. \
qiqi is playing bioshock and man she is freaking loud!! i cant focus on what i read. ehhhh budak ni.
By the way, Man U cruised into knockout stage by thrashing Leverkusen 5:0! 40 unbeaten UEFA away games \
Okay I shall.. go for the camp. Because they are playing Running Man and I WANT TO PLAY.
[TRE] SPH attempts to paint Nicole Seah seeing a ???married man???: Wanbao and Asiaone yesterday (26 No... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] 'Samurai' man identified; he claims to be a swordsmanship coach: December 18, 2013 12:28 PMPol... twitterurl #singapore
Amagaddd you guys why look so good?? Sighs. Here I am dressin' like a retard. So not cool man.
Remember what your mom always told you? "You're all grown up now" "He/she's a young man/lady already".
And this is the moment where I lose control of my life. But fuck it I'm 18 man
Man charged with Yishun murder; brothel operator jailed: 46-year-old P Mageswaran??has been charged with the mu... twitterurl
Suthep vows to paralyse Bangkok Sunday. twitterurl What sort of drugs is Suthep on? The man is raving mad.
When is the new Batman movie yg the one w Super(pussy)man trailer being release hais nak tengok
Serious talking man. Even i wouldn't want to fuck her if i saw it. Fucking disgusting piece of shit.
"Omg Nisa I really love you man, you're barely late. Thank you thank you." Siak je ni Johnny hahaha!
Cast of #uscrum filmed a training scene under man-made rain! Read abt the shoot here: twitterurl twitterusername
I wish she get out her feelings & get back to being my nigga. Damn females man smh
[CNA] Court denies bail for alleged ??Messiah??? hacker: The man accused of compromising a town counci... twitterurl #singapore
Busy man trying to demolish his room early in the morning. Why is my boyfriend so retarded. twitterurl
"twitterusername a real man who loves you, doesn't cheats on you, don't lie to you, doesn't hide anything from you."
i wonder how SAF feels; watching his team getting played like this. being abused by other fans... omg man
Eh i want to play the fucking xbox lah cb get the fuck out of this house man
No reason to run him over though... ??#LittleIndiaRiot: Deceased man involved in fatal accident was drunk and behaving inappropriately...???
so many interesting topics on twitterurl like 'can a white woman marry a black man'; 'christians and marijuana' etc
Why is there a riot of 400 people just because an Indian man was knocked down by a bus?
David moyes seems to age a lot ever since he took over as the manager of Man U..
my mom is the most unfair person ever fuck. my phone is not my fucking problem its HER. shit man
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Lady Gaga "Do What U Want" Live Alan Carr: Chatty Man 2013/12/06
A Singaporean man was shot dead in Manila last month, apparently by two gunmen twitterurl via twitterusername
God creates out of nothing. Therefore, until a man is nothing God can make nothing out of him. ??? Martin Luther
Nih cuy...udeh keluar "The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - OFFICIAL Trailer - In Theaters May 2014" on YouTube twitterurl
"twitterusername why was Sangram Singh literally crying over being nominated? This man has no sportsmanship at all. #BB7 twitterusername
Man sentenced to 30 years in prison for letting 8 others have sex with his adopted son twitterurl
Accompanying sister. For showing the route to her new school. Man things are gonna be tough for her.
Man Utd will face Swansea at home in the FA Cup third round on 4 or 5 January 2014
I'm gonna do badly for all my CTs man. Didn't even touch anything related to studies. twitterurl
Visiting napoli and Man City at their home. And after that chelsea... Too massive for us.. May we survive this!!
Have to stop waking up and these sorts of timing man. Really need to stop wasting half the day
Everybody keeps saying, "wah can't wait for year end man." What?! When January comes, all your workload disappears?
FT : MAN UTD 1-0 SHAKTAR. 1st on the table of group A clear by 4 points !
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man - Jun Sung Ahn Violin Cover
Thank you Beats and KG for introducing me to The Man x Aloe Blacc, love that song so much.
With Lotsa time to work out, reflect, drink caffeine and be goofy. Nothing beats being in KL man. Seriously!
"twitterusername Still not over the neck ;A; twitterurl I can say it everyday....I love this man
Watch how a police officer kicks a man sitting on the ledge back into safety twitterurl twitterurl
I was laughing alone while watching running man and Abang is looking at me as though I'm a retard.
Eyewitness Reports: Man armed with sword seen at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station; photo from straits time?? twitterurl
UPDATE: This sword-wielding man has reportedly been detained by security personnel. He was earlier spotted on the MRT twitterurl
Another man, a 41-year-old Indian National, will be charged in court tomorrow over #LittleIndiaRiot twitterurl
#mondate with the man who doesnt shop, and one who has a shopaholic for a girlfriend. twitterurl
On behalf of every man looking out for every girl, you are the God and the weight of her world.
Man ??twitterusername You getting all the play this morning ??twitterusername My ex sent me this wtf twitterurl
Agree man, don't wear a big hat when your head is so small. Don't go broke trying to look rich.
Choa Chu Kang Murder: Second man charged and remanded for further investigations: January 10, 2014 9:51 AMA 64... twitterurl
22-year-old man under investigation for making racially insensitive remarks under the name 'Heather Chua' twitterurl
Two youths arrested for assaulting and robbing 78-year-old wheelchair-bound man in North Bridge Road twitterurl via twitterusername
Staying up to watch capital one. Man U, pls make it a worth one... I sacrifice my sleep lei
[Y!FB] A naked Australian man has been rescued by firefighters and paramedics after get...: A naked... twitterurl #singapore
tbh man utd a lot of shit players. dk how saf can let them be champions lol
Who's your girl for real?You got me man. ??? HAHA she don't want me no la I'm single twitterurl
oh man, reading all the comments on the Korean Music Wave event that just got cancelled. *grabs popcorn*
Jobless man jailed for life after pleading guilty to killing Toto draw announcer: November 08, 2013 12:34 PMA ... twitterurl
Still feeling guilty of the 300 I spent yest but those were necessities man what can I say
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername let's see !!  >:(" MAN UTD WILL WIN COZ OF JANUZAJJ HAHHAHAH BIJ PLEASE ARSE-NAL?
twitterurl WTF IS THIS BWAHAHAHA IS THIS MAN CRAZY OR WHAT AHAHAHA WATCH THIS GUYS! Omg i cnt stop laughing!
THIS!! RTRT "twitterusername I would love to restart my entire life. and hoping my mom could marry a better man."
[TNP] Man who killed S'pore Pools employee said if he would have killed everyone if he had a gun twitterurl
I'm tired of hearing what every1 fucking has to say man, & hella pissed of what I've heard. Ya'll extra AF??
If only Man United play like this every game. Can tell almost all the players trying their best
As the reds go marching On, On, On!!! ?? Glory Glory Man United by The World Red Army ??? twitterurl
KitchenAid is like the prettiest machine one can own in a kitchen man. SOOOOO MANY PRIDDY COLOURS!!!! *.*
lets find some ??twitterusername I think I want one too. ??twitterusername K I want a white man??????
Man had sex with underage girls, then told one to eat pineapple to abort baby twitterurl twitterurl
There was this man u hotshot last year who scored crucial goals, i dont see him now
Cleaners trapped in gondola hoisted up 30 storeys rescued by SCDF, 3rd man still on rig twitterurl twitterurl
Im sorry but this is not their best performance but they can do so much better than this man
URGH, HIV SUCKS. Why didn't I listen to all the warning signs in the past!!!!!! Wtf man
The corridor to my house is so dark. Why arent they doing anything? Fix the light man.
Always waited for someone to ask for her hand. Then out of the blue comes this groovy young man.
If my dad finds the channel u version of running man so entertaining, why can't he support the korean one?
Absolutely repulsive comments on an article about a man told to leave Singapore for being HIV+. twitterurl
Lemme find out ??twitterusername Y'all needa hop on. We not that bad man I promise lol twitterurl
man. I just hope I get to leave early tonight. I got to catch up w my bed.
I always have the greatest grand pups love you my old man, always having me first in your mind
Shows much how "man" are you to prioritise a mak jande more than your mum and sister.
My Dream Man Can Either Be A Brownskin Dread From Trinidad Or A Browskin Hustler From Harlem
My previous rt photo is too sweet. Blissfully touching if I ever see my man doing this.
???RT twitterusername Man gets out of car to shout at McDonald's staff until he gets his food twitterurl twitterurl
"twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername Manu for the win!" K???kmk"sejak bile kau tiak Man U????takle kerr"k
Okay I may come across a weird stalker on ask.fm by mass asking people. I actually said hello man.
Man I'm Working On Some New Heat Dats Bout To Turn Heads! RT ??twitterusername twitterusername gon send me some work.???
71-year-old man jailed for 3 months for having sex with 17-year-old prostitute twitterurl
??twitterusername 71-year-old man jailed for 3 months for having sex with 17-year-old prostitute twitterurl \
28 year-old man jailed for pawning stolen jewellery belonging to 14-year-old girlfriend???s grandmother twitterurl
#HUGESHOUTOUT To twitterusername Man!! Day 1 Supporter Of The Team. You Got Next Lil Homie! #StayConnected #DCMG
Man at daabab refugee camp who's been there since '91, has 21 children from 3 wives twitterurl
Man I can't concentrate ...oh yeah cos it math.....and cos of that stupid FTISLAND's LEADER ..DAMN IT
Nick Cheung opens up over his Thai female co-star -- who used to be a man twitterurl twitterurl
[TOC] Man charged in court for unauthorised modification of website: By Chong Kai Xiong , Image fro... twitterurl #singapore
OH MAN~ I cannt decide to see minions, my little pony or hello kitty live in action tis xmas.. HAHAHAHA!
People be complaining about their siblings, and I'm like, man I wish I had one. A brother, preferably.
learn from me : enjoy life aka watch all exo variety shows and running man all day all night
I am definitely not the best man alive. But, I'd do anything to be one that is best for you.
Yaaahhh im so glad to be followed by so many twitterusername fans : see old man you are well loved!!
Down with flu & sore throat, so I decided to have Chicken Porridge while watching Man United game.?? twitterurl
Man sentenced to 40 years jail for slaying Chinese family in #Britain after losing legal battle.  twitterurl
Wow Thanksgiving dinner was dope as fuck, is this what it's like to be a white man
No wonder no one likes you la fag hate my brother he can just live in the toilet man seriously
And dont tell me m1 and starhub gonna pick that idea too! I'd rather use payphone man.
Elderly man missing: SINGAPORE - Police are appealing for information on the whereabouts of 73-year-old Mr Kwe... twitterurl
listening to lana del rey songs at this timing with the lights off bring chills to my body man.
Just who am i talking to right now? If its you, then youre such a jerk. Fuck this man.
Every girl has a back up plan where no man in his right mind would have thought about ....
Nothing in Joyrich and no size at Chrome Hearts. HOW DO I WEAR MEN SIZE L MAN THO SO NICE.
Man in M'sia stops to help accident victim trapped under car, turns out to be his son twitterurl
[CNA] Man accused of kidnapping supermarket boss' mother deemed fit to make plea: One of the two me... twitterurl #singapore
someone bring me to red man on my bday and let me buy anything I want pls?
"twitterusername twitterusername I have a Jizz for Old mercedes man, especially this one E200 1994 edt" modify bulletproof mirror
"He who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of all the pain of being a man".
My man has been so busy eversince he stepped into work. Annoying. Burn down ur workplace can?! -.-
The heart of man plans his way, but the Lord establishes his steps. (Proverbs 16:9 ESV)
when you ord ? U from which station man ? ??? ORD 8th March 2012. I'm from station 33, sengkang fire station (: twitterurl
According to the stats, Man U are unbeaten v Greek opponents. Hope that run continues later tonight...
Man stops to help at accident scene in Malaysia, only to find son dead under car wreck  twitterurl twitterurl
A real man knows when he does as he suppose to. Its not always about what he wants
Fuck man! Fuck this! Im fucking tired and here i am receive a text message asking me to do 12hrs.
Take care girls!! "twitterusername Man charged with murder of girlfriend at an apartment in Bandar Sunway twitterurl
oh sorry should mention that was "Running Man" locations ...and if they said wilderness they lying this really isnt twitterusername
tbvh, running man became more boring as time goes by. But no doubt, it's still fun to watch. :D
??twitterusername All the 5566 songs are bringing back so much memories. The old man gotta reunite soon! #missthemasFIVE???
twitterurl ??? yo man i love chris brown but tbh the ori song is nicer. this cover kinda sux :-/ ... twitterurl
Marina Bay Sands "FT" staff picking on old man for sitting down on floor at IT show twitterurl
WHOSE 2ND? FUCK YES, ITS LIVERPOOL. (Ignore my man utd fan guyfriend middle finger, his just jealous. HAHA) #YNWA twitterurl
[News] Man who allegedly crashed through Woodlands checkpoint charged: The 64-year-old Malaysian driver who al... twitterurl
[ST] Crowd wanted to help man pinned under bus, Tamil online group tells Little India Riot COI: Mar... twitterurl #singapore
Runaway love, man how could you let this happen. Vision kinda slanted. Losing love was tragic. As the world turns...
AsiaClassifiedToday Man jailed 6 years for cheating Khoo Teck Puat's daughter of S$2 millio... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Man selling Toyol for $1900 at Boon Lay: It can steal money and luxury stuff on command twitterurl twitterurl
"Anwar Ibrahim in jail is more dangerous than Anwar free. Outside, he's a man. Inside, he's a symbol."
Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's being born, same time a man is murdered, the beginning and end
The 65-year-old man who sped off during a customs check at Woodlands has been arrested twitterurl
Already so tired for engagement preparations not even 1/4 of the work for the engagement tmrw fuck man
Man who tried stealing 3 TV sets at Giant wrestled down by quick-witted employees twitterurl twitterurl
Man gets 21 months' jail and 3 strokes of the rotan for punching and kicking girlfriend twitterurl #Singapore
Police have arrested a 32-year old man for an obscene act in the mrt train. twitterurl
[News] Man jailed for smuggling puppies into Singapore: The 43 puppies were found in a Malaysia-registered lor... twitterurl
Kat mana, entah bila aku ada terbaca, a man who never changed his mind at all is a true fool.
She worries about everything. It takes a man to shut her off and he'll do it for her. \
Oh yes, my man taught me how to ride a bike just now. Hehehe quite fun also lah.
Watching a man u game live at Old Trafford one day would certainly be a dream come true!!
The real kind. .. not that man-made stuff. RT twitterusername Sand under a microscope with 250x magnification. twitterurl
[ST] Police investigating man who lodged false report to cover up for loss of work permit twitterurl
Friend asking me about the how-to of iPhones. Duuude, i never used an iPhone before man.
Woahhh even CNA reported it man lol RT twitterusername Woman charged for blackmailing JYJ???s Park Yu-chun twitterurl
Fuck man. I can't find my passport size pic with uniform. Why is this happening to me. Why
Who you going with? ??? I don't know man see who's there, should be with Hariu and the rest twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: But he can't be a man 'cause he doesn't smoke - Above the Law: But he ... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Motorcycles wear shoes?: "A naked man was arrested driving a motorcycle wearing only a strategically placed shoe." - twitterurl
Both my pinky phone amd this phone getting spammed wad is this ahhah i feel like some business man all
[YH!SG] Politician Vincent Wijeysingha comes out as gay man on Facebook: Singapore Democratic Party... twitterurl #singapore
asked someone if the email was in his junk. and then realised how terrible that sounds. #twss man
#lifestyle #news: Japanese man waiting on death row for 47 years: He is believed to be the world's ... twitterurl #singapore
Oh man! RT twitterusername Now that the festivity is over, I shall resume my regular tweeting activity.
My man my hero my star. Twinkle twinkle little star. How i wonder where you are ? Counting time menunggu dia.
Like Don't Be Shy Or Self Concious About It. Bring Yo Man And Have A Good Time.
Yes It's Man Damn Y'all Can't Tell Y'all Sex From A Woman ?! If Not That's A Problem . .
Time Machine! Koutei Sennin! Omg we get to watch it for real man! #dancetwitterusername #japan #kouteisennin?? twitterurl
Fucking true man RT ??twitterusername twitterusername get use to it bro, they can do it but we can't.???
i'll be right outside after i finish my running man around 1 am. wait a bit kay meteor shower
No man will understand what's going through a woman mind as at times,we dont understand either.
Hey bro, glad to see you're so professional and unaffected by that d... ??? Hahahaha thanks man appreciate it bro! :) twitterurl
i fold my jeans and wear dirty vans, i like to think we're kind of the same, man. twitterurl
US charges ex-JPMorgan bankers over S$7.9b loss, but man dubbed "London Whale" not one of them twitterurl
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! "Wife SAWS off her cheating husband's penis after catching him in bed with another man"  - twitterurl
eee my suara sengau. boo!!! hais having this cough and sore throat seriously... i swear its killing me man
Lolol sounds funny! HAHAHA RT twitterusername Old man hitting on old McDonald aunty. True love never dies lol
Man in Power Ranger suit helps people with luggage, mothers with babies at Tokyo subway station twitterurl
??If you live off a man???s compliments, you???ll die from his criticism??? Cornelius Lindsey (via redwineredlips)  ?? twitterurl
#Sales #Job alert: Head of DACH Sales (f/m) LoB Customer (Sales Man... | SAP | #Regensdorf twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Rihanna hires man to give her updates on UFO sightings  For more on this story: twitterurl twitterurl
That reminds me I haven't watch running man for a very long time. Arghh what exams do to me!
??twitterusername Will not be staying up til 3am to watch Man U :-(??? hoping they lose or at best draw
So amused by Guy-Man just rocking it out to Lose Yourself To Dance in the teaser video LOL
Me: "Look, Dear! I saw the ice-cream man downstairs & got you wafer ice-cream & bread one for me!"\
[TheVerge] The man who suggested Google autosuggest: Sitting on a shuttle to Google's Mountain View campus, employee Kevin Gibbs bega...
Hi my name is Abdul Qayyum & today will be playing futsal with a Man United sleeveless jersey :) .?? twitterurl
[TheVerge] Elderly Japanese man sues public TV network for overusing English: To a surprising degree, the Japanese language is litter...
??twitterusername "twitterusername "Porn for men is seeing a naked woman. Porn for women is seeing a well-dressed man.""???
What a shift man! Finally get to sit down. The only good thing is the time passing extremely fast.
The face of a man when he's shopping with a woman is deadly! Lmbo They act like they're being enslaved
I'm.So happy it's first class gonna sleep throughout man Haha I think suites better maybe for longer trips
I'm on my grown man flow band up flow nigga I just bought a phantom off the show room flow
woaahhhh my When A Man Loves A Woman tweet has so many retweets. well, not so many but still something.
??twitterusername What is the most popular sport in your country? ??? SOCCER. Number 1 sport man. twitterurl *Football
[INFO] Running Man fanmeet in Malaysia will be happening on 7th September 2013! Official announcement to be made... twitterurl
Ant-Man!! Do you think they'll do Dr. Strange? :D I wanna see a love adaptation of Doc. Strange!
another day of weird ask fm stuffs on my timeline thanks to twitterusername 's timeline. wtf man wear bra hahahhha
:)) "twitterusername Man United fans before.Thiago Alc??ntara joins Bayern : "He is best young midfielder in the world"\
Ask Park Ji-Sung. He probably knows. RT twitterusername Running Man tv show, who knows it?? where are you guys???!!
Physically sick but that aint gonna get me down. Learning how to be a better man from TDJakes.?? twitterurl
Pisses me off when people say Mike`s voice doesn`t fit Let Her Go. Go fuck yourself man.
As long as he is now a responsible, changed man who can take care of me, they're cool with it.
RT twitterusername If you wanna hear a bitch lie just ask her what she looking for in a man lol
Happy 13th twitterusername Thank you for making my life complete my handsome young man! Anae saranghae?? twitterurl
Birthday s/o to my right hand man, my nigga, my nerve, my big brother twitterusername LOVE YOU! !!
That was a rush man..not a good start but i hope my day will get better.
Man pleads guilty to vandalising war monument: A security officer on Monday pleaded guilty to vandalising the ... twitterurl
Man United ready for Wayne Rooney transfer.. but will only sell abroad not to Arsenal or Chelsea twitterurl
Everyone! Let's welcome him to instagram from running man,  Kang Gary!! So, please follow him on?? twitterurl
Night shift tomorrow that means i can sleep a little late tonight heh heh apa lagi running man lah
Omg I'm gonna gain like don't know how many kilos this week man.... Cake after cake, dinner after dinner. bombomfattyfattyrenhui
Fleshgod Apocalypse's Labyrinth really sucks, even The Black Dahlia Murder's Everblack don't suck that bad. Disappointing man
The man born with his heart in his ABDOMEN: Factory worker, 24, undergoes life-changing surgery to .. twitterurl via twitterusername
math ace learning test done and got 6/15 HAHAHA im too tired to think fak it man
Haikal was the youngest footballer I've interviewed so far. Anyway, congrats for bagging for goals young man twitterusername #FrenzUnited
Ini malem2 merinding denger cover lagu when I was your man - boyce avenue ft. Fifth harmony errrrrh selalu deeeh
He was the only man in my life who would get by my selfishness and understand the young boy's desires.
I need one too :( ??twitterusername A mental patient in the 1940's built her own man twitterurl
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to culpable homicide for stabbing woman: A full-time national serviceman wh... twitterurl #singapore
Go on Google Maps. Type in: 52.376552, 5.198303 and you'll see a man dragging a body into a lake.
LMFAOOOOOOOO"twitterusername I didn't lock it but thank gods everything was there.. So silly man lol twitterurl
can't wait for shinhwa vs running man mainly bc shinhwa are damn amazing and they can actually do variety
#IT #Job in #Hallbergmoos/M??nchen , Bavaria: Developer (f/m) Enterprise Asset Man... at SAP twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
There an adult and kid size Iron Man mascot walking around in Causeway Point. So cute. Haha.
My aunty's car ... So jealous sia hais .. #ferrari la guise .... ?? Need a ride with that man! twitterurl
Today is mad pack here for the #tokyoautosalon man! My eyes are going cock from the flashes. Haha.
There's an old saying by a wise and cheapskate old man "What is today, but yesterday's tomorrow"
fuck i love famous amos man. le best. ??? what's your fav? Mine's double choc chip w pecan twitterurl
Agree RT twitterusername Benitez "You have to give credit to Man City, they are a very good team". #CFCWembley
Singapore hit by bomb hoaxes after Boston attacks: The man, whose name and nationality were not disclosed, was... twitterurl
A man has been arrested for making online threats to bomb several places in Singapore. Never learned eh?
idk if its local or china, grab the food like wtf man. ain't nobody stealing your food.
Kiss mes having withdrawal now while I'm here rotting at home . Waaaa I wanna see UKiss man .
Woke uo at 3am this morning cos I sudden feel pain in my throat.  Oh man, sore throat
british accents are loved man I swear. ever since I started watching jacksgap, british accents are loved ever since.
Gonna watch iron man 3 with her later on!. Urgh!. I just cant wait lah kan!. Hahaha
April accused 'propositioned women': The man accused of murdering missing April Jones in a sexually motivated ... twitterurl
Man cleared of Occupy London rape: The self-appointed leader of computer hacking group Anonymous UK is found n... twitterurl
Guy Pearce is appearing in 2 films. Iron Man 3 and Lawless. Tapi di Lawless dia total setotal total nya
Man gucci everybit of tight he got all types of reasons to feel himself the way get do.
Iron man 3 on zmovies will do ah cus home is 10x better than cinema HAHAHA yes
#BusinessMgmt #Job alert: SAP Sr. HCM Consultant, LSO PA/OM & Talent Man... | SAP | #USAJobs twitterurl #sap #sapjobs
Sekali ini aja RT twitterusername Got my Iron Man 3 ticket for tonight show in Paraheun, thanks to twitterusername Mtix
My brother is finally becoming a man ?? Benefits of being the oldest is sometimes not that bad. I think.
I cant stop laughing watching the running man segment where they inhale helium to buy food HAHAHHAAH
??twitterusername twitterusername Hell yeah man. Hit me up a little later tonight and we'll figure something out!??? Will do, nilly!
Fairytale ending for Wigan as they were crowned FA Cup champions after beating mighty Man City 1-0. YES!!!
"twitterusername erni mesti pergi google translate and translate lagu when i was your man" HAHAHA tengah boring la
You a fucking fool for letting tiny go man. Pussy ass jit... ??? You date her than tf. twitterurl
"twitterusername Saaap family going ECP ... So i shall bring my longboard." You cruise ? Cool man ! Have fun .
Dear twitterusername all gay men watch ANTM and no straight man will admit that they watch it.
With Mum. Watching Iron Man 3. Even though she's not wearing makeup, she is still beautiful. ???????? twitterurl
And sushi. Man, im starting to really really like sushi. RT twitterusername twitterusername How about?? all of them. Ha
watching the man utd-swansea's match! today, we carry the cup. and today, we bid farewell to SAF. #GGMU #champ20ns
I have inconsiderate fucks screaming and laughing at the playground in this satanic hour omfg I need my sleep man
I a few months never eat KFC sia ??twitterusername Wtf man... craving for kfc when im in camp. WHERE CAN :(???
[News] Man jailed, fined for unlawful possession of ICs: A nightclub manager was on Monday sentenced to one da... twitterurl
"twitterusername "I haven't yet known a man who loved virtue as strongly as one loves beauty"...Confucius" i luv u
Nobody gives a fuck HEHEHE RT twitterusername I beat a china man in chinese chess.. not once but twice !!! Woohooo
trng schedule posted on fb is like some war prep whats w all the symbols man i dont understand.
I should b praying 4better things instead of praying for a man who don't give af about me... ????
People so pretty wor.. How to compare sia.. Don't even say be on par la.. Sigh man
Be it wait for them to buy food home or go out eat, I will always die of hunger man!
I need to enjoy my life by spending money on good food once my pay is in man
Hey man in blue , can come screen me ? I very bored . Come over leh ... Pass time please
Just saw 2 indian workers helping an old chinese man to cross the road. How nice of them :')
People called me an old man because of songs I hear and not because of my look.
It's like saying you're an A&F model just cos you work at A&F as a store man.
Palabuto uh kau. So narrow minded . I know wht im doing with my live man so just shut
JUST IN: South Korean troops has fatally shot a man trying  to swim across a border river into North Korea
Wah piang. This yr f1 rule change again. Shit man. Like that how I see big bang and rihanna?
Wish Januzaj the best playing for Man United, want him to play like Ryan Giggs until he retires :)
When did you receive your last blow job? ??? Last? I don't know man really long ago hahahahaha twitterurl
Makes me believe no man can be 100% faithful throughout an entire relationship however long it lasts
I think not ??twitterusername Sir Alex Ferguson is present at Old Trafford and Man United get a penalty. Coincidence????
Pushing this big size man very hard toward his sucess..haha! Lol..actual fact because I just finished confinement.
Need to have a proper chat with my family soon. Taking charge as the man of the house
#Worlds is just getting started man, if you think this is awesome, wait for Fnatic vs Royal
Only gonna pay for zouk? ??? AHAHAHA yeah faggot man need to build my connections with Zouk already. HAHA twitterurl
[Y!FB] Ladies man #BoscoWong dazzle at the #StarHub #TVB Awards red carpet with a pink...: Ladies m... twitterurl #singapore
Hahah sekali  sir alex ferguson return to man utd mcm scholes last season return from retirement hahah
Ppl be buggin when they take they beefs to these socials like handle yo business like a real man/woman
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would you choose? ??? half donkey half char kuey teow twitterurl
Six men plead guilty to causing the death of a man in Tiong Bahru Park in 2011 twitterurl
It's getting too obvious man GRI. We all know that RT twitterusername "twitterusername #YGWIN RI: Your (cont) twitterurl
"twitterusername my brother markie got that cake man...." dont tell ery body lol those gone b n my DM lmao
We've been living on starch-less rice for so long, no complains man, WHY switch to quinoa ohmygod ughhh.
The only time a man can truly forget all of his worries, is when he's playing his favorite sport.
Man who set himself on fire on US National Mall airlifted to hospital with life-threatening injuries twitterurl
The Pope broke with tradition and bowed to Muslim Queen Rania of Jordan. twitterurl A humble man indeed!
art is just getting in the damn way i want watch running man lah sial gi mampos sua
??twitterusername ??twitterusername What bullshit is this about boys being man if they do all those for a girl? twitterurl
Man jailed two months for attacking wife's lover with choppers after discovering them in bed together twitterurl #Singapore
Man in video shouting at library user not from SAF, Mindef clarifies twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
4 months past real fast for me and my man. Dah nak POP this sat eh :') twitterusername
Two types of annoying ppl on my tl. Childish Man U haters & mcm fhm girls talking abt football. Annoying, gentle.
It was pretty cool to see Zaini being like hailed by the Emblazon dancers hahaha they totally appreciate him man.
#lifestyle #news: Japan man busted for arranging senior citizen sex: He advertised for 'tea-drinkin... twitterurl #singapore
I don't have the balls to stick that sticker on my phone hell no man I need a professional
wtf what a waste to such a catchy song c'mon la britney gotta do better man you're hot doe
[CNA] Man charged with robbery, used toy gun: A Kazakhstan national who allegedly used a toy gun to... twitterurl #singapore
omg rttwitterusername [RUMOR] Sooyoung, Taeyeon, Tiffany, Yoona, Minho, Taemin & Key will be filming Running Man on 20th October.
Thank GOD singtel in town is perfect man. omg my internet is ok or i'll be piss!
"A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple & reassuring as putting a coat around a?? twitterurl
My weak heart can't take this man esp with only 3 hours of sleep to last me 21 hours. GAN
Gaaaaah i should go back to sleep man i still have 6 hours bfr the start of my exams
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl Dash Berlin with Cerf, Mitiska & Jaren - Man On The Run (Nic Chagall Remix)
[CNA] Man sent for psychiatric evaluation after allegedly grabbing student's buttocks: A 30-year-ol... twitterurl #singapore
ayah is a good-looking man right after he had a haircut & look even younger than his real age.
Man stuck in waist-deep water after falling into hole at Bt Batok upgrading site twitterurl #Singapore
[CNA] Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video: A lorry driver who s... twitterurl #singapore
The man behind inspiring Malala: I first came across Ziauddin Yousafzai when I interviewed him in 2007. He was... twitterurl
#quote "A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life."
[PREVIEW] Running Man EPI 168 with Guest Park Myungsoo & IU twitterurl Oh!! Seems like this episode super interesting!! ??????
Indonesian "Tree Man" Dede Koswara smokes as he poses for a photographer in his home village #NSFW #HPV twitterurl
Yeah bro. Been in that situation. Fucked up but it's okay. Just gotta suck it up and be a man.
Not sure whether mom didn't wake me up for sahur or I'm the one who sleep like a dead man.
Go and sleep la ??? Hagrid told me if I sleep the Dark Lord will return to Narnia man. twitterurl
Man gets out of car and shouts at McDonald's drive-through staff until he gets his food\
Wow found the best alcohol dude only 65 calories so buying this next time man #Korea #Seoul twitterurl
Mum said we're leaving at 3am for Msia tmr, mum, I hope youre a man of your words
Been waiting for this my whole life. :') Thank you twitterusername for helping me out. Thanks alot man. twitterurl
[INFO] "Running Man RACE START! Singapore" seating plan & autograph session details will release soon. Stay tuned to twitterusername ^^
Man! This show "The Newsroom" rocks! I'm going out to get a bootleg copy of the complete series!
That's gay "twitterusername Niggas be Content with Man chest hoes as long as the ass is phat"
A man would never ask any money from her girlfriend even though he's in hard position right now.
I wanna feel how others feel . Happy cheerful free open haiya . Whats new about life man nth
[Y!] Chinese behaving badly: man fights with commuters after his child urinates in Shanghai???s subway twitterurl
last word: remove -man, add -off RT twitterusername Alonso taking selfies on the podium. What a showman #f1
Infinite`s SungKyu ahh *.* Ahhh running man killed my sleeping time :x & this fever aint getting away sighh :(
I'd go 'Berzerk' watching his new video. He doesn't even look 40,seriously man. And the blonde Shady?? twitterurl
Come on man city , all you have to do is score one more and hold your ground . HAHAHAAAHAHAH
You know who Man U need? Me. They need some 7* skills and there's only one person with that. Me.
fellaini brilliant man-marking like seriously let's just let aguero run straight into the middle of an empty box
"twitterusername Justin Bieber is so fucking hot jn !" the last part he got the swag man. hahaha
Fucking stupid if u go out on a date with ur close friends ex. So wrong man so wrong
I get that alot. Looking down on me. Bitching about my life. Simple man, i live mine, you live yours.
What kind of fked up place is this orlando studios at man fking walked 35 mins and im lost
Nothing better to spend on? RT twitterusername Stars come out as China's richest man announces $8 billion film park twitterurl
He's in Georgia "twitterusername twitterusername I'ma find you a good man to hold you tight at night."
Fuck em I kill em all if the price is right , one man slanginn that pistol pipe
Time to move to town :) one week in Marina area man can totally walk to all events lol
One does not simply get in between a man and a game that he's been waiting to play for YEARS.
[ST] Man gets smaller payout over car crash: September 18, 2013 8:12 AMA Navy communications specia... twitterurl #singapore
Fuck it man my bro scare the hell out of me when i was eating in the kitchen ???
Empower a man is empowering a person. Empowering a woman is empowering a family #FinancialInclusion twitterusername #Sibos
Girls in my school going crazy after you man -.- ??? Which sch are you from? :O Why? twitterurl
This Indian man keep offering me chocolate like sir if I tell you one more time ion eat chocolate tho
stop about that bookie things. kita tak tahu apa apa diam and shut the hell up man.
If tmr I wake up and my phone is still not updated... idek wut to say man
what's wrong man. it's just a freaking small matter why do I feel all sad about it. God.
Man it's going down at the twitterusername this Saturday Me & twitterusername Linking up & gone have that?? twitterurl
[News] Man jailed for punching cabby, fined for damaging vehicles: A drunk American chef who repeatedly punche... twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed for punching cabby, fined for damaging vehicles: A drunk American chef who repeate... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername ??twitterusername Is ole Lenku the right man for #security? twitterurl << is anybody??" Is asking questions allowed
Starting my day with some good music. #nowplaying Man With The Red Face (Hardwell remix) by Mark Knight & Funkagenda
Troy: "Zinyak fucked with Biz Markie." Pierce: "Man, I can't wait to kill that bitch!" Funny as fuck! XD
Man Utd lose to the opponent where the opponent  havent beat them for a long time yet win the title
[CNA] Man jailed 9 months for taking upskirt videos of women: A former logistics officer at Centrep... twitterurl #singapore
Great ice cream & lepak date with gf earlier! Bumped into Gabi at Woodlands & talked a bit. I miss that man.
Happy 33rd Birthday to the one and only my man, my soulmate, my husband and my everything. semoga?? twitterurl
Yaaruppa intha azhagaana ilam vaalibar ?? (Who is this handsome young man ?) Too hot to handle !! Oh?? twitterurl
Company bbq at ECP. Just down a can of heineken. Been so long since i drank man!!
Had a taste of it. Mom's friend went to india and bought it for her. Their muruku is awesome man.
I got huge ass kebab from turkey man. And ive got muah chee. And ive got milo kotak! Itu penting!
i seriously need to sew up my pocket man. my iphone had dropped like countless of time
just how big are your b00bs man ??? its not as big as u think it is twitterurl
Why seung is so pretty? He is prettier than any female I've seen man. ..With that blonde hair...
[ST] Man jailed 7 years for having anal sex with underage girl, 29 years younger: October 18, 2013 ... twitterurl #singapore
The Running Man members are very thankful that fans have been following their fashion, such as Jihyo's cap fashion! #RunningManInSG
AsiaClassifiedToday: Cops search for second man involved in murder of model - The Star Onli... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
[TRE] India: Man Rapes Injured Cow Using Coconut Oil as Lubricant: (18 Oct) ??? Medical examination b... twitterurl #singapore
Walk passed jp and saw many people waiting for running man woah I'm On my way back home to sleep
Why Jurong Point so far away from my house?! I wanna meet the running man members too.
Running Man members have just reached the autograph session venue at JP! Fans there pls keep safe!!! #RunningManInSG
Ini 225G and 225W always ada beribu org sia hais abeh they have very few buses wtf man
"twitterusername ??twitterusername Don't lose the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.??? Yes!" Yeah man
LOL! RT"twitterusername The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel."
When I was your man - Boyce Avenue feat Fifth Harmony RT twitterusername Personal opinion korang, covers yang korang paling suka?
(Blogged) Ming Sheng Feng Shui Imperial Feast (Man Han Quan Xi inspired) at Feng Shui Inn, RWS twitterurl #singapore twitterusername
That vid remimds me of the 2009 season with riera and benayoun beside gerrard, so underrated full of tricks man
Sat next to Gov. Joho. Joho the man is an interesting person (@ Moi International Airport (MBA)) twitterurl
"twitterusername Adult man spends near 100 grand on plastic surgeries to look like his idol, Justin Bieber twitterurl twitterusername
You sombong! Skating tmr? ??? since when :-( who r u? im not sure man cuz my ankle still hurts. twitterurl
[COVERAGE] Monday couple shares about their kiss in Singapore Running Man Race Start! Fanmeeting press conference twitterurl
Running Man members are taking a big group photo with all the fans in the venue! #RunningManinSG
And sometimes,some girls are too ego to realize everything that their man is willing to do (my pov)
Ohh man , this coffee kill my sleepy. But not on the right time and right place :s
SMRT staff criticised for not helping woman who got spat on by man at Woodlands Interchange twitterurl
Lol My man of the match twitterusername hahahaha. I'll just leave it there. Mara ur my hero. Fun times twitterusername ???.
When get drunk, yeah I know I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be the man who gets drunk next to you
This! RT twitterusername Crack-smoking homeless man is acquitted after having sex with a train seat twitterurl
OMG!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA RT twitterusername twitterusername there's even a pizza called "big daddy" hahahahah I cannot take it man so funny
Man jailed nine weeks for offering money & job to nephew to take rap for driving offence twitterurl
Chill ma man hahaha RT twitterusername Gst and sst were created to get us confused. Its fucking same thing.
Watchroom* RT twitterusername The most fucked up thing is my company storeman has more privilege than me. Thats fucked man.
Do we only keep quiet when Man U isn't always performing well? Moyes, do something! It starts with you
ISAF members attacked in Afghanistan: A man wearing an Afghan military uniform attacked members of the NATO-le... twitterurl
Wtf man korea champions of istaf sepak takraw 2014 and thailand is fifth hais what is this pornchai
??A man never truly felt free until he???d thrown off gravity???s chains and sought the sky.???
1epi of running man then sleep. Glad that I have adjust my sleep cycle to a normal one haha
i actually want to have a quote tattoo but being in judgmental singapore and family FML no way man
Quick as fuck ??twitterusername Nah if my man is serving a life sentence in jail I'm out.???
Well: Children, Too, Need Flu Shots: Flu vaccination is recommended for everyone 6 months or older, though man... twitterurl
Ahahs damn man . Just now cannot tweet then I jitao sian diao "twitterusername twitterusername YES U CAN HAHAHAHA"
Without me noticing its alr FIRST NOVEMBER and just my luck man my prepaid expired today pfft
??twitterusername i need to get a life man ive been watching how to hack vending machines vids fuck ahahah??? #doltheft
[ST] Man gets jail term of 3 years and 9 months and caning for vicious assault at Cineleisure twitterurl
Man jailed 13 months for sending sex video of his ex-girlfriend to her family and friends twitterurl #Singapore
Man jailed for promising that a CID cop will dispose of evidence against a suspect twitterurl #Singapore
This man has cool 3D-effect tattoo....but they're of gears?! Is he an technician engineer or smtg hahaha
Man fears losing eye after yoghurt bottle goes off 'like a grenade' in his hand twitterurl twitterurl
And they tried something new ??? hopefully people will finally notice them. They deserve to be noticed man.
??twitterusername twitterusername how sure it's me ? It could be anyone man??? u the only one calls me that asshole
The infinite personality of Man comprehends the Universe. There cannot be anything that cannot be subsumed by the human personality
Its either you want to change urself or continue being that man with pussy on your face, body, cock....
Enough of running man marathon... now time to chill down my laughters abit... Love u mr arrogant, here i comeee!!!!
Harsh but logical and helpful. Finally got some sense into me. Glad I got the lecture anyways. Thanks man ! twitterusername
Can we just thank Ben Winston for all this job and all this creativity I love this man
Will do sir! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername yeah man, proud of you. Hope to play beside you one day
Cleaner who attacked three men jailed, caned: A man who attacked three others outside a cineplex at Orchard Ro... twitterurl
Miss Universe S'pore finalist pokes fun of man with holes in his shirt: Daughter hits back twitterurl twitterurl
Fat Man Scoop. RT twitterusername Men don't make bonding songs.. Picture a group a dudes (cont) twitterurl
can liverpool fans please calm down we know suarez has done it as well gods sake man
Serial housebreaker arrested: SINGAPORE - The police have arrested a 45-year-old man for housebreaking in the ... twitterurl
!!!!!??twitterusername I need to follow Atlanta twitter.. Man most my followers don't even live near here. Wtf???
Been watching ALL episodes of running man and i got to admit their producers are really smart.
'No fishing' sign in clear view at Lower Seletar Reservoir, but this man simply doesn't care twitterurl twitterurl
To the ladies, don't give a man the benefits of a husband, until he puts a ring on it.\
Man United getting as bad as Chelsea, Moyes getting the sack at the end of the season
Ms Teng said our class full force, all working hard. Sian leave no man behind bring me along also can
Shit man. I just coughed blood. Musta be the last night excessive coughing that causes it. Need to take antibiotics.
guys should watch helix. it's a really good tv show man. watching first ep and rlly liking it
To my greatest old man that never fails to make my morning by cracking his lame jokes love u grandpa
[TODAY] M???sian man arrested for trying to evade immigration clearance at Woodlands checkpoint: SING... twitterurl #singapore
Korean-American Ilram Choi is the stuntman inside the spidey suit in Amazing Spider-Man 2 twitterurl twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Amazing Spider-Man 2 Actress, Emma Stone Covers the May issue of Vogue... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
[TODAY] Abusive boyfriend sentenced to 12 months??? jail: SINGAPORE - An overly-suspicious man was se... twitterurl #singapore
Man in alleged bus interchange spitting incident claims trial: In court on Monday, 48-year-old Juraimi Kamalud... twitterurl
Man sought by police for case of outrage of molest near North Bridge Road on Mar 5 twitterurl #Singapore
Sigh priya face palmed in my tweets. . .after all the old man photos i found for you ;(( you heartbreaker ~
not to be mean but her wounds are really deep ): she should see doc and get it cleaned up man
This man is so happy because he going to die as a proud mujahiddin . Al-Fatihah #PrayForIkhwanulMuslimin twitterurl
Thats not snitching. RT twitterusername Nah you hit a female her snitch ass gonna put the man on you
Omg this wok star chef finalist is full of fucking bullshit man omg can I throw maggi mee on him
Where do you see yourself in 10 years time? ??? Idk man. Hopefully, having a football career twitterurl
Free zone? RT twitterusername RVP injury leaves Man Utd free to experiment, say Goal SG readers - twitterurl twitterurl
.. Takes me back to Sauchiehall Street . Basking in the sun . And the local man playing the guitar .
One Million KG Challenge: Man loses 40kg after health scare: March 23, 2014 7:32 AMMotivated???????? twitterurl
Man charged with causing death of four along CTE by driving under the influence of drugs twitterurl twitterurl
Settle my housechores. Fetch niqqi. And off to meet the man for his urine plus our dinner.
I'm sorry for being insensitive: Miss S'pore finalist who made fun of man with holes in shirt twitterurl twitterurl
Yeah man! Haha RT twitterusername To all Melaka people, this summer H&M will open their store at Hatten Square.
Depending on outcome of constitutional court case, this man could be running for president of Indonesia twitterurl
PRC man jailed 12 months for stealing $300 from another passenger on a flight to Singapore twitterurl
Bloody fight in Bt Batok: Man punches and hits another with bottles after accusing him of stealing bike twitterurl #Singapore
.twitterusername 29yo man believed to be research student sent to National University Hospital for smoke inhalation from #NUS fire
im your magical mystery ride, but you still dance with other man, im your imperfection, ending with plate of haters..
I'm seriously a fucking html noob. I tried my best man. But I'm pretty happy with the site
The min I pressed play on twitterusername "Fantasy" im floored!! No wonder this man is always considered the best singer.
What a close shave! Alert man saves woman from mishap when her skirt got caught in escalator twitterurl twitterurl
You know that pissed-off plus sad feeling omg i cant even describe why man why fml
Lol spending my first day as a free man tomorrow at....... work lol cb life of a working class
The man with the toughest job in Europe: Manuel Valls unveiled as new France Prime Minister. twitterurl
'Not happy ah?' shouts drunk man who fails to apologise after knocking mum's wheelchair into others twitterurl
"From his tumbledown, mouse-infested headquarters in Jakarta, the man charged with running the process is quietly confident."
#TheBurden.. The man deserves a hashtag! RT twitterusername Precious you continue to amaze me with your amazing footballing skills... #AFCCup
stop kissing your man and nibbling his ear in the bus (worst is: your grape seeds having a reaction)
Nipponese man talking on the phone. Only understand "Hai!" "Daijobu!" And nth else. Konnichiwa tomodachi watashiwa watch shingeki no kyojin.
Man, some tense stuff going on in Beijing, reading twitterusername live tweets. Can't bear to read more.
[CNA] "Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause: Mr Gerrard Lin, nicknamed "Ah... twitterurl #singapore
Sigh :( Why you do this to me hais :( ??? Sorry :b was just kidding man. I'm not that mean ^^ twitterurl
Afghanistan's next hope for peace: Anna Coren gives a closer look at the man who may succeed outgoing presiden... twitterurl
[CNA] Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse: An Indian national who failed... twitterurl #singapore
???Crazy??? man runs 1,300km in 31 days to encourage bone marrow donations twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
[Y!FB] The sixth man involved in December's #LittleIndiaRiot has been jailed: twitterurl The six... twitterurl #singapore
Bayern playing Man U tonight what will be your reacti... ??? They're good enough they'll pick themselves up and mo... twitterurl
[TODAY] Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse: SINGAPORE - An Indian natio... twitterurl #singapore
Little India riot: Man jailed 18 weeks for failing to disperse: SINGAPORE - An Indian national who failed to d... twitterurl
damn lazy wanna layan azri man i swear almost every day i have to deal with his annoying bullshit
Jamie Foxx, Andrew Garfield & Emma Stone at the red carpet of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 @ MBS today! #Spiderman twitterurl
So i had jap speg,frenchbread,two mixedfruit tarts,strawberry ice cream,pink lemonade and burger king,fulltime eater man
In the process of learning Illustrator and man, it's pretty fun to design with a tablet! Anyway,?? twitterurl
If a man hasn't discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Real Man filming + Three Musketeers musical (both require "action") plus many activites in the past month since Hyungsik's injury >___<
Family appeals for info on crash that left man seriously hurt during OCBC cycling event twitterurl twitterurl
No u need a man 1st to share that 'bigger' bed with lol RT twitterusername I need a bigger bed
When you went home late and your dad decided fetched you to home is the best feeling ever man..
[CNA] 8 employers, 2 employment agents charged with falsely declaring salaries: The Ministry of Man... twitterurl #singapore
Photoset: Give this man a medal! That boy should be run over by an 18 wheeler. Disgusting. twitterurl
Thumbs up! Cyclist stops on his way to help blind man cross the road twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Want to spend my night at work by watching running man and air crash investigation documentaries yayyyy
Malaysian arrested for failing to stop car at Woodlands Checkpoint: SINGAPORE - A Malaysian man was arrested f... twitterurl
Singaporean man who set himself on fire near a petrol kiosk in JB has died twitterurl #Singapore
now bella and her ex Kevin so close, are you not jealous at all? :/ ??? Idc man LOL twitterurl
[ST] Grandfather, 54, jailed for helping brother and son beat up man at coffeeshop: April 10, 2014 ... twitterurl #singapore
#lifestyle #news: Man charged, accused of biting Singapore police officer: He was arrested while he... twitterurl #singapore
[TODAY] Judge says role of impulse key in sentencing man who took upskirt videos: SINGAPORE - Are d... twitterurl #singapore
Today has got from good to absolutely fcked. YJC VS SWING YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOT HAHAHAHAHA SHIT MAN SHIT
I'm so lazy when it comes to school man no I don't wanna type a fuckin 678896 word essay
[CNA] Man found guilty of corrupt ??buy-back??? deal to be sentenced on Apr 17: A bunkering executive ... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday Man found guilty of corrupt ??buy-back??? deal to be sentenced on Apr 17 -... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Productivity =! Increasing man hours MT twitterusername Construction firm blame rise in fatalities on labour cuts. More on twitterurl
"twitterusername if i have $$ now i probably migrate anywhr alone man, stay and start fresh in somwhr new"
Men don't go around pleasing women for their desires and interests. That's not what being a man is.
??Photography is a good path for a young man with no patience for authority or office work.??? twitterurl
'Cause if I could see your face one more, I could die a happy man I'm sure
Man if anyone read mine and twitterusername texts they wouldn't know what to make of it.... Lol. #TrippyMane
Man rescues koi fish that was left to 'dry up' in Choa Chu Kang canal twitterurl twitterurl
[Y!FB] Robert Downey Jr is best recognised as Iron Man / Tony Stark -- but did you know...: Robert ... twitterurl #singapore
sebelom 1 may gua dah tgk spiderman2 (rise of electro).. tqvm yg uplod ni!!! demm I love it man... weeehuuu
The best Sunday I had in weeks. Listening to classical music now makes me feel like a classy man. ??? twitterurl
Went to school to download walking dead and bat man arkham city. Can't argue with 8mb/s
Ippudo is winning the ramen competition... homg is like glorified ramen. I feel people should like try others man,
Samantha Ko offered 7-figure fee to have dinner with rich man -- but here's how she responded\
Finally meeting my bestie this sat after knowing him for years man. i guess about 5-6years? LOL
"twitterusername Four big games decided in the UEFA Champions' League this week Real Madrid 1-1 Man Utd Shahktar Donetsk 2-2... "
Sandy Hook widower on gun control: Robin Meade talks to a man who lost his wife in the Sandy Hook shooting about... twitterurl
"twitterusername I was looking back at our photos on FB. Fucking don't know what we doing with our life man. twitterusername WHICH YEAR
Man, 73, Robs Bank So He Can Return to Jail: ???I Have Nothing to Lose???: In an intentional bid to land himself bac... twitterurl
Im not evil but this handicapped grumpy man just rang his bell and sneered at me just because i was "blocking" his way -.-
I'm not angry but its like wts man! I have 5 people asking me to play pool at different timing.one by one suddenly say not free.
??twitterusername It's rough out here man my Internet just went down while I was playing black ops and it don't wanna fix ?????first world struggle
You have a boyfriend, dating, cuddling when you were in form 1? Man! Me? Form 1? Lay down in my bed and playing PLayStation. ??
man utd is the only team that can sustain a 12 point lead after christmas between 1&2 place in the whole of bpl history #GGMU #12pointsclear
Child murderer killed in prison: Two prisoners are being held in police custody after a man who was jailed for m... twitterurl
in this world, everyone thinks about themselves. They dont even care if there are others groaning at their opinions. Comeon man.
Life terms for US killer of eight: A man who said an Egyptian goddess ordered him to shoot eight people dead, in... twitterurl
A child can only have one mother. But a man can have many wives. Oh, a mother and wife can have many lovers if they want to.
Must always remind myself I'm not a man-pleaser. Really did my best but sometimes people out there just step all over you.
I love my supervisor man. She gave me a day off tomorrow coz she knew that I need to make CNY visit. Thank her so much yo.
When ya in third world or any other country none other than singapore. U can be in the car for hours man... omg lol ....
Fallen in love with Lee Dongwook over and over from Scent of a Women to Strong Heart and now Running Man! ?
There was once a black man that loves to see under a tree every afternoon. One fine afternoon the police came and arrest him.
Haway man, this magistrate needs to just make the ruling on Oscar Pistorius' bail quickly. I'm getting grey hairs while watching it.
??twitterusername [ST] Unhappy with route, man hits and tries to strangle cabby twitterurl where is the twitterusername when u need it?
The proposal at jbs is so sweet. It takes a lot of courage for the man do that in front of the big crowd.
I'm not backing up them. I'm telling the truth. Stop being friends with those junk and jerk people. Come on, you're high class people, man!
Why are people counting down to Lee Kuan Yew???s death? All of you are ungrateful cunts. That man put Singapore in the world map, okay?
I might not like the PAP for it???s policies but that old man turned a insignificant tropical island cesspit into an advanced economy.
YES PLEASE! xD This. RT ??twitterusername [#KJKinSG] Jongkook "I hope to see you all again..hopefully with the running man members!"???
When was the last time I felt happy for someone who was pregnant... Oh yeah it was Eelyn. I cried man #chenfalapregnant
the top comment on the twitterusername harlem shake video - "and this is why you are 12 points behind man united" LOL BURN
From a man with standards to someone lower than a stray dog on the streets... Pity... The respect i had for you... Gone....
Another change will be coming in the job, yet I am told to walk as a blind man and just plunge towards it without any guidance. Stressful.
How are you related to that magnificent man, Haris Rosli?... ??? Being more awesome than him. Wait who is he? :B twitterurl
man united haters i feel so sad for you hais hais hais hais nak nangis la plis no one cares la bye next topic
rt twitterusername 12 goals from our defenders this season. And we're a one man team. Do me a favour #15PointsClear #MUFC
Love Dont Live Here ? Struggling ?  I Been There . I Aint Got No Heart So I Guess Im Like The Tin Man
and running man with jackie chan was ?? haha he's so pro at korean and awesome at all the games and it was so funny and hilarious :D
US fugitive admits ??1.2m theft: A man who spent almost 20 years on the run in the US has admitted stealing a s... twitterurl
Secara jujut aku tak suka Real Madrid. So I will support Man. U for that match. Can I? Ofcourse la cannn ;))
kshownow too efficient already omg now i'm faced with the dilemma, sleep or running man. ihc file isn't even in the equation
'Batman' brings in suspect to police: A man dressed as Batman surprises police in Bradford by handing over a w... twitterurl
Man reall niggas know that's YG song RT??twitterusername When That Loverance Song Up Play, The Beat Never Fails I Be Feeling Myself ?????
There was a documentary where the kidnapped bride is begging to be let go because she already loves another man. Extremely unsettling.
why did man u lose ??? their not good enough. haha, cheh. i've no idea. no doubt, they played well ystd :)... twitterurl
??twitterusername Singaporean man missing in Hawaii after being swept into sea twitterurl I wanna be swept away too. Blown away also can
So close! ??twitterusername Man argues with wife, goes out and steals S$200k SUV, drives to Ipoh. He got 14 months jail twitterurl
srsly what the fuck is wrong with maxis for cutting off my phone line. dafuq man i paid the fucking bill alrdy OKAY
Oh man updating contacts from fb to iphone is not a good idea especially when you have 2k randoms you dont know
Hai hai! Omg I don't really talk to you much :(( but h... ??? hello hello ! I'm great man. who is this may I know? (: twitterurl
A real man strength is not measured by his fist , his strength is measured is bu how he fought to keep his woman ?
Cheer up my United friends! We still have 2 cups on the way! Keep marching  on! Glory glory man United! #ggmu #championsleague
Man Utd 1-2 Real Madrid: Cristiano Ronaldo strikes as Real Madrid take advantage of Nani's red card to beat Ma... twitterurl
Aww congratz! <3 RT twitterusername Had a lovely time in Dublin and I got engaged to my lovely man twitterusername   ?????? XxX
Daydream? Naive? Thanks man. If that's something that keeps me happier than you, I really don't mind to maintain this way. Get a life sucker
Hugo Chavez ??? the man that shuts the Americans out: President Hugo Chavez death at 58 is a big lost to the Ven... twitterurl
take me to every party cause all i want to do is dance..now baby im dancing,,im dancing with another man...
Man like honestly y'all take shit too seriously. Calm yo tits, go ride a dick, and for once stop acting like you know shit.
Ciara actually got some hittas tho man, like some songs you would find yo self fucking yo nigga life away to, js.
whenever i have my towel around my neck before i get into the toilet, i feel like a russian man. lol.
"twitterusername twitterusername OMG U THIS PIG. I REN BU ZHU LE. FUCK U MAN HAHAHA. OKAY FEEL SO SHIOK NOW." OMG! Mandy wanna fuck me ??
Mandatory treatment order for man who pushed elderly woman on bus: Ong Kok Hao, 25 has been charged in court w... twitterurl
Is Farah cute? :B HAHAHA kidding la hiiiiii ??? Yea man she's so beautiful I cannot breathe. :( HEEHEE HEY I JUST ... twitterurl
Was out for awhile and saw an old man with a boy around my age kissing lip-to-lip. Either that's pedophilia or really intense parenting.
man-cinderella none other than gongchan entered the hotel at ~12mn and I started waiting for him at 8pm. That's right. 4 hours at the lobby
Daddy says, looking for a man who is above you and beyond you so that later he can guide you forward ;)
Man I need to be sleep but my mind racin n my boo dont wanna talk to me smh lil dirty fucka lol
Tottenham Hotspur will be without star man Gareth Bale against Inter Milan in the San Siro next week after he  via twitterurl
As I approve of a youth that has...: As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am... twitterurl
favorite- show: the big bang theory. movie: i have none. song: when i was your man atm. artist: demi lovato. band: coldplay.
Up listening to my big bro, missing that man like crazy, goin thru our old txt convos do make me smile buh miss him even more
I said sorry hais ??twitterusername Ehhh, bagos! Amalkan selalu ye nadia! RT twitterusername twitterusername hehehe sorry kene off 3g man, i just reach home.???
The woman in old trafford bakery just said "havent you got a lovely skin tone young man" B-) u get me. Golden brownnn, texture like sun
He's the only man that cares about my happiness more than his himself. As long as i'm happy, he's happy. (': I love you khairul (':
After watching running man, i told my mummy I want to try bungee jumping and she replied " don't do it, you'll die on the spot" WHUT?? ??
??The sun illuminates only the eye of the man, but shines into the eye and the heart of the child??? twitterurl
Those 'kakak-kakak' at that wedding think you're a married man? #badluckhafiz RT twitterusername Forever me and my lads.. Haha. #fakwo
im disturbed by the fact my left ear keeps expelling scabs out of the washed ear. how bad is my wound man.
First, the man and woman selling the stupid bread. Blur until get wrong order. Then the one who let herself be crushed by the lift door.
?? RT twitterusername My bestfriend may be a dick a times ah but I still appreciate him as a bro man. Love ya #bromance
How can all the malay ghost such as 'pontianak', 'penanggal' etc are related with woman? I've never seen man take a role with this.
To those faggot old man who is just backstabbing my dad, please... Go die! You don't deserve to live. You should go die, babi! Go to hell !
junhui is one of a kind it's only him who prefers infinity challenge more than running man. while the others pick both/rm
Try to hard to be handsome I mean ??? society man, if i don't try hard, i'm letting others overtake me. Geez don't... twitterurl
A very interesting question that everyone in the world is asking now. RT ??twitterusername fuck man why is it Monday tomorrow ?????
Idk man. I feel like watching the match. But I have to wake up at 5am. But I really want to see how the boys are doing.
this i agree RT twitterusername twitterusername hope you can have a mini concert or whatever in INDONESIA. wait you my-man :)
eh die forever handsome la "twitterusername Oh baby.. how I wish you're my man.. liyana handsome suami kau Kat sini.. twitterurl
Having said that, iron man 3. The fan boy in me has definitely been growing. An epic part three by the looks of it
BRITNEY SPEARS  Hits The Tanning Salon With Her New Man!: Brit Brit sure does move fast, now doesn't she? Char... twitterurl
Annnnnd the sore loser is still hunting! :) when will these people change man. Feels bad to see them like a slave.
i miss secondary life. i miss zirah cass alypp zul fadz finn glendi era they all la hais YAND PENTING JORDAN BSK MASUK NS WHN YR TURN MAN??
FUCK MAN RT Ztwitterusername (Mahjong) Me: That's one tai. twitterusername So if he get two is he a tai tai?? HAHHAHA WTF #facepalm
Yuck, French men pubes smell like camembert RT twitterusername I duno what's the big f-ing deal about a French man.. enlighten me.
I rmb fangirling and screaming in class. Hahaha and mdm su gave that stare aha what the hell was sick man sick!
Buy a Plot of the Moon From the Man Who Decided to Be Its Landlord:        Meet Dennis M. Hope, 65, of Gardner... twitterurl
Hello bestfriend aku! Happy birthday! Finally 17 eh? Hahah time flies too fast man hais. Have a blast qee and meet soon! ????????????twitterusername
??twitterusername you guys should seriously give twitterusername a break from everything, enough is enough man.??? ?? y u doin this to me so nice????
i have Someday poster gfvbbfh omg finally. and i have a poster with a sign of twitterusername thanks for the man wich gave me in Lisbon!:)
still waiting for the MyRepublic technician to come over to install my fibre. i wanna say byebye to my cable asap man..
Sex offender gets 61/2 years and caning for abusing five girls: March 14, 2013 12:05 PMA man who was convicted... twitterurl
Man investigated for making false report on lost items: March 14, 2013 2:22 PMPolice are investigating a 26-ye... twitterurl
1 dead, 12 injured in accident on PIE: One man died and 12 people were injured after an accident involving a l... twitterurl
If Italy is sick man of Europe then India is a dead child. Idiots parthasarthys get top jobs for promoting Hindutva agenda !
Then he approached a young man and say 'theres a lot of poor people struggling at chinatown. Please help them' *begging macam nak rak*
Clapton remained important and one of the most prominent guitar players up till now. success followed him everywhere. a blessed man.
Man I Had By Far The Worst Weed In History Last Night . That's 1 Reason Why I Don't Smoke With Other People .
??twitterusername Going to be a tough week but I'll get through it. ?? &amp; I want to score in the next game!???yes man !!!
That moment when I see ' message send failure ' and I'm like OH SHIT MY PHONE SPOIL HOW. then my friend was like chill man. Singtel prob
How is that not a penalty? Clearly in the box though close to the line. Assistant referee screwed. 10-man Canaries so determined..
I wonder how that would ,am me feel for my man to have bigger breast than me... Lol... I guess about the same as niccas with donks...
Lesson learnt : Be careful when you're sitting next to a China man who's sleeping. They might even ended up sleeping on your lap. LOL.
Do you feel like a man when you push her around, do you feel alot better now as she falls to the ground.
QT twitterusername The record winning margin in English football is 18 points ??? set by Man U over Arsenal in 1999-2000. I can smell the rain.
The videos I mean. I saw the play live at Chicago. Man it's late and I'm not making sense I'm just crying here thinking & remembering.
Rhapsody audition will be either live like were dying or the man who cant be moved, anyone willing to listen to me while i practice?
So, was just trying out Bruno Mar's single When I was Your Man. Sibehhhh shiong sia. HAHA. Thank God for talented ppl like Bruno. :)
Man City striker Sergio Aguero will return to England on Wednesday after failing to recover from a knee injury while on international duty.
i wonder if mr vincent go is pulling more customers to buy houses or scaring them away instead.He is one scary man??????
Naan kadavul. I find tat movie damn disturbing. Showing pple getting abused. So whenever they telecast it *sry man changes channel*
Next week is our final week before preview week, man. Dayum. Must pray that Z will postpone preview. Or ask for 50%.
On NYC subway today: man in sunglasses, blonde wig lights cig. Conductor makes him put it out. He yells at rider who complains about smoke.
Swiss national Juerg Buergin appeared in court today; 1st man involved in online vice ring case to go on trial. twitterurl
I dont carelah where old man kit want to stand for election, he talks multiracial but only dare stand in maj. Chinese area for last 40years.
Funny how the ns man have two different languages. Army when talking in unit, professional when on the phone for work.
At 72 old man lim kit siang shd be retiring not contesting another MP seat in MY. DAP useless party not enough young elligible candidates ka
I wish I could not care on certain things soooo much. I wanna be neutral. How do they do it man...
Take u too every party cause all u wanted to do was dance.Now my baby is dancing,but she's dancing with another man.
End in tanah to be exact??? RT ??twitterusername YES haha RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername in the end, woman still ends with a man too..???
??twitterusername twitterusername For a 1RM. I???m doing 90kg for 5-6 reps now!??? Heavy or what!! Increase it to 105-110 for 1RM man!
Do you go for money or looks? ??? aww man what's the point of having money and the looks if your character is blea... twitterurl
Just watch a video on a guy who cycled fm Yishun to CCK just to propose to his gf. Total sweetness man.
And unanimously, I was voted Man-of-the-Match although it was suspicious that I kelong for Swiss' equaliser. Hahaha.. twitterusername really huh?
Hahahaha china man asked direction. I think i gave the wrong direction. Well figure it out yourself dude. Best of luck.
He's so handsome man!! Hais can u show me any 38 year old guy that is STILL handsome? RT??twitterusername twitterusername hahah hm obssesed with beckham???
[ST] Man arrested for suspected theft of gold bar and watches from pawn shops: March 22, 2013 12:45... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername haha we got the same blood la!??? of course man! you're my babe leh! ????? everyone your babe ah!!
Men look good when they fit a shirt but not when they have muscles and abs and man boobs and too-big-biceps.
Yandi a good girlfriend she seem like the type that will not go fuck around if her man gotta do some time....
Villagers nearby knew the ???Ang Moh man with the Chinese wife??? at St. Andrew???s would help them. Mary Yee says they were never turned away.
Blasting my Kid Cudi playlist to work now. I'm very feeling rather gloomy today, and he is the only man who can make me feel better.
Honestly now, i cant sleep. First bcos i took wudhu then second, mas told me to keep her awake. Finee Running Man on my phone then!
Wow everyone is so spoiled man. This vid really opened my eyes. Now I shall stop whining and complaining as often.
I can't wait! :D Be sure to upload it! :3 RT twitterusername Chapter 2 ending of Crooked Man is amazing. Coming up soon :D
Wahhh such good reviews of Nine!! The ppl behind this drama are the same ppl who gave us the wonderful "Queen Inhyun's Man" last year!!
News! Apple, Samsung set for blockbuster US patent trial: A man stands in front of an Apple logo in downtown Sha... twitterurl
RT twitterusername Come on man !! Apple pie cowboy style !!! Recipe of the day guys as the apples are just  @ recipe of the day twitterurl ...
How to be an Apple Genius: A look inside the manual - Gizmodo has gotten its hands on an Apple internal training man... twitterurl
"But I'm not gonna date a man who doesn't have an iPhone & has an email that's not Gmail" RT twitterusername Gallery Girls: discuss.
Man jailed for using fake degrees, forging testimonials to get jobs: January 10, 2013 6:16 PMDesperate for a job... twitterurl
A young Thai man who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest at nightclub Zouk's New Year Countdown bash has died twitterurl
My future husband btr be a cooker or not rich man who can afford to hire singapore or even asia top chief to cook for me
Only when the last tree has been cut down and the last river has dried to a trickle will man finally realize ?? twitterurl
Man jailed for using fake degrees,forging testimonials to get sr management jobs twitterurl - wow..y m i studying so hard?! Lol
i wasnt joking lol whatever man its hard to get yr po... ??? glue two balls up your vagina and stop being an anon ... twitterurl
Where to follow tonight's iPhone 5 launch on CNET: Between our UK home team, our man at the London event and CNE... twitterurl
why must every time find him why not try find other people fuck i feel like as if im sharing hell no man i dont like it.
The channel 5 trailer with the single man singing with a guitar.. Seriously.. He sings horribly. He's just throwing out his voice.
Huai dan ah willy RT twitterusername Clearly not the words of a Changed man! RT twitterusername It's Friday night!!! Come little bad girls~
my heart sank not cause the parade was cancelled, it was when they cheered it was cancelled, really broke me man.
Technician jailed 18 months for hitting duo with steering wheel lock: January 11, 2013 11:28 AMA man who hit two... twitterurl
Technician jailed 18 months for hitting duo with steering wheel lock: A man who hit two Chinese nationals with a... twitterurl
Police appealing for info on missing man: January 11, 2013 3:05 PMPolice are appealing for information on the wh... twitterurl
At a hospital and this Chinese elderly man is complaining how slow the service is in Hokkien and it's filled with all sorts of vulgarities.
funny ...suddenly i feel that no one else is worth it....only one man twitterusername ...what magic did u weave boy?
If Yonghwa isn't busy with CNBLUE activities, i think Running Man would have roped him in to join their team as permanent guest star xD
"One day you will wake up and realize how perfect she was. When that day comes she will be walking beside the man who already knew."
"twitterusername twitterusername wah epic man that day. the 1h40 min break omg" Hilarious! But a bit out of control eh haha
UK girl, 8, shot dead in Jamaica: An eight-year-old British girl is shot and killed when a man opens fire inside... twitterurl
Facebook photo of sex with girlfriend lands man in jail | ABS-CBN News: Facebook photo of sex with girlfriend la... twitterurl
Macho man ohhh yeah, ClearCam is back at last! Now shoots 18mp on iPhone 5 with better quality than the default cam. twitterurl
Second arrest over missing man: A second arrest is made by Gwent Police who are treating as murder the disappear... twitterurl
if u had one chance to change something about yourself what would i... ??? umm it would be idk man this shit is heavy twitterurl
Just completed a 15.72 km bike - Dark and wet ride home. Black Floyd tire needs getting used to. Man ... twitterurl #RunKeeper
Pair killed in 'tragic incident': Police investigate the deaths of a man and woman in what they describe as a 't... twitterurl
I wonder what percentage of man utd fans in Asia actually know a) where Manchester is b) that old trafford is actually a cricket ground
"Ur single I am single we've been knowing each other forever so lets date" and here i am like 0.o the eff is wrong w u man?
Justin is a G 4 smoking. Let the man live. Cut yourselves all you want, both ways y'all going die.. JB doesn't care if y'all die lol
Hey i'm a free man now. I can meet the life of my life any moment now. I'm not clinging on to anybody.
to further confirm my lack of interest of doing anything: Man Utd - Liverpool match going on and i dun even bother about the score... Haiz
NOT IN A MILLION YEARS RT twitterusername So my bestfriend told me that if Liverpool loses, I will have to support Man Utd...............
the person controlling the twitter acc of stcom is a man-u/liverpool fan... still got live update.. don't see that happening for other games
if being named after liquor makes you a hoe, what are you if you're a man and your name is romance?
Ben I need to try some of your breast milk one day man RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername my baby needs breast feeding
wah dalam diam2 seh ni twitterusername hahhaha happy birthday man, may god grant every wish that u've wished and have a blasting one! ????????????
I hate having a runny nose Im to grown for this shit man lbs!! This sick shit is for the birds!!
Too fucking tired and it's not like I can just dump everything and sleep what the fuck man. Poly is torture.
Wtf man freely chosen module also got chosen by module chair... I thought I'll have the freedom to choose it zzz
Hais so paiseh la whenever ppl i know see me outside with this botak hair of mine hahahahahah not cool man
"twitterusername Even God does not plan to judge a man until the end of his days , why should you and i ?"
fucking hell world i just learnt every man for himself eat or be eaten selfishness brings success the good people are fucking idiots
HAHAHA no prob bro ??twitterusername twitterusername Hahaha what the shit why I can't find it! Was looking all over Fitlion sia. Thanks man!???
If you're man enough speak up and confront me. Blaming me to be the third party is irrelevant. She is not even my type. Dude, so not cool.
Man. Sick and tired of this shit. Everytime I like a girl we talking and there's always a problem Cus I can hardly do anything. #Fml
i think it was btob?? idk but HYUNSIK MAN HE WAS SO CUTE IRL and everyone went crazy for ilhoon and minhyuk(ofc)
Nah I'm not a gangster anymore. I'm a change man, so sorry if you stare at me and all I'm doing was smile and walk away.
[News] PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done: SINGAPORE: Someone who wants ... twitterurl
Oh man gotta wake up early tmr. So excited to get it over and done with yet so scared. Shall sleep the worries away ! ??
When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away.
I get offended when I say something really funny and the other party thinks that I am not funny a single bit. Ouch man ouch.
Bendemeer sec is gonna be famous. Cheh no. Okay i miss school ???????? today never study anything about congruent!!!!!! Fuck it man
"twitterusername All of my rota mates tweet about BAPT tmr. Hais they stress, i also more stress man"I was dying during CA endurance fuck
watching tonight's cersion of The Choice and all the man are really funny! would be torn btwn Rocco and Warren tho.
Thank you :D "twitterusername 1-0, yg ngegolin Wayne Rooney RT twitterusername Man united sma west ham skornya brapa?yg nyekor siapa?
Wth la. The bus so crowded then u bloody wanna squeeze ur way through and stand here even though u not getting down. Dafuq man
My first Forum post! Can you train a man to sell as one would train a parrot? Sales advice from 1927 twitterurl via twitterusername
Siwon looks like an old man trying to look young :/ what is up with that hair color? I don't even know what color it is...
Think, Singapore! > Punggol East By-election campaign - 17 Jan: PAP man prefers to run his own showHe opts for p... twitterurl
Jadian aja :3 *eh RT twitterusername This guy > twitterusername turns out to be my fellow student at twitterusername Way to go man! I'm rooting
Went to swensen ytd to have desserts. But the food are too tempting sia. Cannot take it man. Must go swensen one day.
Coba aja ada cowok sperti yg d gambarkan the script di lagunya the man who can't be moved whuaaaaa love it bgt (??? ??(???c) faithful
Mom's perfume damn strong man, I could still smell it. Or did I spray at the right places. Think I did. Welk done Suria.
just chillin at terminal two with Chicken Soup for the Soul while waiting for my man to be back in my arms again ? twitterurl
Yay guys clap for me.I wrote two pages long of home ec and that is ONE factor. 6 more factors to go.good luck to me man.
having my throwback moments This man was literally sex on stage! #sexy AF twitterusername - Only When Ur Lonely: twitterurl via twitterusername
btw i'm out..nak tengok ulangan running man ^^, wish manu gudluck n hopefully they can win *urgh trust me, it's not easy for me to say that*
What's the point man? I think the first one really teaches me a freaking good lesson. So this is actually nothing.
You Don't Have To Be Tony Stark To Build an Iron Man Gauntlet with Working Lasers:        It's no surprise that ... twitterurl
(cont'd) I'm completely drained man. Think and think and think how to structure the programming codes. Read and researched further more. :-(
A real man will do anything just to put a smile on your face and show you how much your worth to him.
I just cant belive my best pal dissepear himself just like that. Defug Man.. wat just snap out from u guys?
Do not test a man to see his worth. Observe, understand, trust and walk a step with him. That's how you know his true colors.
??twitterusername Guys , I saw this random old man humping the air at the carpark while I was on the way back home :o??? creep :o
If you could be half man half animal, which animal wo... ??? hmm probably something that could fly or breathe unde... twitterurl
Before we started the whole interclass I can already foresee us winning, hahaha burn, when it comes to sports, thats it man.
... Whether you speak Korean or English or both, it can't be any more obvious the man is a freaking genius right there.
"We cannot change men but we can INSPIRE them to change. The right man will be inspired by the right woman."
??And when I close my eyes, I see you for who you truly are, which is UUUG-LAY???. - She???s the man (2006) twitterurl
jeff literally slapped my ear aka my helix when I used the record book to cover my left ear and my face, the heck man
since we're quoting bible verses... "I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man; she must be silent.??? -1 Timothy 2:12
Always having people crying on my shoulders, never having anyone else's to cry on. I'm human too, not a man of steel with a stone heart...
Nakyra scared she gone get drunk off cranberry juice & tee tee man say he ain't raisin no mo mf babies?????????? they FAF
Guys, get the girl you're crushing on the fuck alone and ask her to be your girlfriend. Man up and go get what you want.
I haven???t even touched on the bra burning man hating feminazgul lesbians and the catty male queens who hate women, YET.
st spam... if those ppl are gonna rule the place with that mindset, war will breakout btwn sg and other countries man...
Do you hear the people sing singing the song of an angry man its the music of the people who will not be slaves again
Wth was trying to take a outer of the sun set. And this DHL guy alighted the train and a homo sapien eclipse happened. Thanks man
I've learned that I have no idea what's in my best interest or what I'm doing in life lol it's cool tho man:) I'm livin right
Maybe he thinks if gay people are allowed families his wife will turn into a man overnight, forcing his kids to have 2 dads or something.
Same man RT twitterusername I need to finish all my hmwrks by tonight. I'm not gonna be free during the next 48hours of holiday or weekend
I'm trying to find this movie,it's about this girl,getting married,but in the end,fall in love with the best man instead.\
lol which one? RT twitterusername i can actually remember the face of this certain k-boice hahaha she's like on EVERY performance cnblue's on man
Kahkahkah RT twitterusername Boleh mati terus RT twitterusername *cpr* RT snurrashiqah: The internet is too slow i'm going to die, man.
How annoying this man can be. To the extend he can make me so mad but he made me laugh instead. He is still twitterurl
Komputer failed ke ? RTtwitterusername Why do you take it seriously ? If I fail, I fail. I know it's your money. Let me be me man
'Orang Lama'.. RT twitterusername I clean my own boots - the new style boots don't need polish - I'm still a copa mundial man at heart .
??twitterusername Man y'all gone see me on world star hip hop when boosie come home! I'm running on stage ass naked !???
"twitterusername If this ain't a BITCH.... Man, if Frank's fuckass actually got "jumped" he wouldn't have been on fuckin twitter ! F O H !!!!!!"
so afraid things will not go as smoothly as i thot. nex mth will be bro's ROM alr..n he'll be a married man!! Can't imagine tt..
Qua We Both Looked Dope Man Chill . We Got The Same Taste . We Shop At The Same Place . That's Why You My Ace ?? That Rhymed Lol
A-Rod denies new drug reports: Alex Rodriguez is denying any connection to a Miami man who a South Florida newsp... twitterurl
Hate it when my bro use my work station. It's messy but i prefer it that way stop cleaning it up and wipe it or whatever man.
You were there to light my day.. You were there to get me through. Oh Abah I miss you so much lah old man!
How much of a legend is David Beckham, donating his salary to a children's charity in Paris, true gent and a top man! #becks
Man jailed for tearing open hundreds of items on supermarket shelves: February 01, 2013 3:44 PMHe tore open hund... twitterurl
The danger of the past was that men became slaves.  The danger of the future is that man may become robots.
Aww man, never mind lah bro. Anyways town tmrw? On? :-) RT twitterusername twitterusername We not clubbing tonight bro! Dinesh say not tonight :)
Lolol winning man city 5-1 at half time. 2 were damn lucky and 1 wa keeper mistake ;) he passed  it to me
reasons i love the man name Cho Kyuhyun...1 twitterusername survived near death and instead of being afraid he storms ahead into life
F this Bangla near me. Stared at me for a long time it's fine with me but touching my finger! Gosh man!'
which fuckhead friend of my dad told him protein powder is bad. Now he doesn't want to buy anymore. I CANT AFFORD $100 TUBS MYSELF MAN!
"When i was your girlfriend,u always let me go..u could be a better man,anyday. And i am always feeling alone."
Man with a $60 billion checkbook: The head of the World Bank, Dr. Jim Yong Kim, talks to CNN's Christiane Amanpo... twitterurl
Biker fined for causing hurt to police officer manning road block: February 08, 2013 12:45 PMA man whose motorcy... twitterurl
Hearing that Man City, AC Milan and Barcelona will be having their pre-season in Jakarta this July. No other confirmation yet though.
Can't wait for my ACSBR-NCC PT shirt to come in man. First thing I do when I get it... GYM SUA.
omg??  RT twitterusername twitterusername That young man and his Asian pen pal forever tryna sell them flop clothing lines. Like no???
I'll be away from Singapore this CNY. Being a Malay is tough enough every other day here. But CNY? Nah man, just nah.
Some old white man would Not Leave me Alone!!! Lol Omg he was determined to get my # and wanted me to cum see him??????????
Loser twitterusername Man whose motorcycle hit a cop at a police roadblock fined $2,300 and banned from driving for 12 months twitterurl
1 year friendship is enough for me to get to know everything about him. Haha its really worth my time man hahaha
It doesn?t take much of a rule to...: It doesn?t take much of a rule to measure a mean man. twitterurl
'In the evolution of man, people with swag come before the apes, wearing their obey hats sneakers' Oh Top Gear humor XD
I would love to have an awesome car but I'd want to have a bike license to go ride once in a while. looks hella fun man.
Show on Suria damn stupid. This man wants a beard to marry him not because he's gay but he's afraid of marrying a scary woman. #fucklogic
come to the think of it RYEOWOOK U LIKE OLD MAN LEH dont want do aegyo and dont like to change hair color and cannot dance LOL
He must be gay RT twitterusername Whoever Chris goes with shouldn't affect your life especially if you a grown ass man. Get a fucking life"
um. standing outside sainsbury's minding my own business and some fat arab man starts looking at me and grabbing his cock um #welcum2london
I remembered recently there's a man near chai Chee who approched me and asked me to wear long pants and he prayed2 and preached.
Judge Orders Man Owing $96K in Child Support To Stop Having Kids: Watch out, deadbeat dads. A judge in Elyria, O... twitterurl
[SPOILER] Ji Suk Jin surprises everyone on the latest episode of 'Running Man' twitterurl I CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH THAT MOMENT!!
Oh my, I just witnessed a man yelling at a boy probably not older than 9, using words that would hurt me even.
i'm on ebuddy for project work. can you remember the last time anyone used ebuddy. I'm missing going on man now.
Shit, your making me laugh. come one. Be brave man. i dont want to waste my time to check what youre saying.
??twitterusername Can't stand when people lie about something after getting your hopes up like you're never gonna find out.??? this man this
This Indian man damn what Sia! Leaning at the pole then I can't hold it. When I hold it his body always contact with my skin hand. ISH
Actually not exaggerating in the IDS tweet it has legitly been pissing me off. Bad day to be DOO man... #helpguansurvive
They told me I was going to be nothing but a low life criminal but that won't happen cause my man sees and calls me a King.
So my dream of Running Man coming to Singapore is ruined....... But look at the bright side at least Kim Jong Kook is coming!!
The person I'm reaching to isn't there for me man :/ he won't even tell me everything is going to be ok ..
wth his tweets are just goddamn funny man like he tweeted to his friend then the friend nvr answer then go show the "_|_" to him HAHAHAHA
Thank god for someone like Michael man really there no one I can call up at this time of the night to talk to
"whaddaya say we show johnny a thing or two about what is it to die" man i love this song its so evil >:)
!!!! RT twitterusername Running man please come to Malaysia once. pastu mission last dekat legoland. haha mesti best orang Johor dapat tengok.
Haish gotta be strong man. Power nap when i rch home only few hrs to sleep. 5.15 need to wakeup ahh :(
Standoff drags into 3rd day as man holds child in bunker: Under Alabama dirt is a 6-year-old boy, snatched from ... twitterurl
Tell my fave i said that TB ride for our fave dawg RT twitterusername Keep praying y'all. The big man upstairs will listen"
I won a Fulbright and a Rhodes. I write financial software codes. But that's a challenge I've outgrown. How many yachts can one man own?
listening to "when i was your man" a song bubu will never have to sing cuz he did everything for me.
Undertaker jailed three years for having cannabis: A man who was found with a large quantity of cannabis was jai... twitterurl
Polly Want a Wallet: Parrot Steals $900 from Tourist in New Zealand: A Scottish man received a shock when he had... twitterurl
Indian woman attacked with metal bar in rape bid: NEW DELHI: Indian police have arrested a man for allegedly sho... twitterurl
the female guest on running man truly damn zai (Y) and she looks like IU too LOL hard to believe she's a boxer
I can speak English bt it's not as good as a British man will speak so maybe that's why I felt a bit offended.
I'm feeling lucky and it's only Monday. A tweet from Jamie_stephens1 and a sudden follow by twitterusername . Idk man. Am I dreaming ? x_x
Ah totally texting twitterusername about how disturbed I am in class, haha thanks for sharing the same sentiments as me man!
I'm need a serious man for become ma friend to finish our goal together *but sound like that was never happen
Hehe cc twitterusername QT twitterusername A promising young man should go into politics so that he can go on promising for the rest of his life
Having a Tony Stark at the office is fine as long as you hire a Pepper Potts: Not every company has an Iron Man,... twitterurl
If you don't know me you shouldn't say no shit about me man. And I hate stereotypes. You don't compare me someone you know. We're different
Every year, my dad spent so much on funeral expenses for the stupid old man. Really hope he just die this year la next year no need give.
It really freak the hell out of me every time I think that I won't be able to watch iron man 3 right when it comes out :'(
alamak brenden....... y u so despo..... we are just 13 man, 13!! aint nobody got time fo relationshits LOLOL okok bye
shit man i love changmin on variety shows CANNOT WAIT FOR IT TO BE ON TV || Changmin And Candle Wax: twitterurl via twitterusername
Man I been w/my mama all today & I been cussing all today, not on purpose tho it kept slippin out...
Thank you for all the support for me in Running Man. You gotta show up cause if you don't, you gonna have your nametag torn. - KJK
China man ni nak beli burger but tak tahu nk ckp English. I explain to the Makcik since I understand Chinese abit. Heh
when MsWei told us that the highlighted names are those who failed and all we see is pink ???? Turned out, Only 12 passed hahahahaha oh man.
Ikr, still remember our sec school days. Anw thank you! RT twitterusername twitterusername Happy Birthday man. All getting so old ready. :(
Man... I really need to stop!!!! Bad words keep on coming out from my mouth and it iz very turn off ????
Body found after US cabin siege: A body is found in a burnt-out cabin in California where a man believed to be a... twitterurl
To the guy taking photos of the smoke at Newton - did your brain not register that it was an emergency? Or did your man-bag make you stupid?
I'll marry any 40 year old man who looks like Utt. So old, but never aged a single bit, apa kah rahsiamu wahai kacak
Only you who is full of swag, and thank you! RT twitterusername Happy birthday twitterusername hope you maintain your swag man! See ya soon!!!!
I'm just a grown man running out of time.. even tho it seems I have everything. I don't wanna b a lonely fool.
"twitterusername i dont knw wat u doing now.but just remember u're mine" understand please" for ur info i am the man with Nuryaqoazah kea.
Procrastinator is my middle name. Shit man. Sorry sorry, let me answer all your emails now. The New Year slug possessed me lah.
He saw another man, with the same rod, and the same bait he had. The only thing different was that he had a fish in his right hand.
Frustrated, the man went back home, and kept questioning himself "What was that fish trying to say? I did exactly what was needed."
Contemplating to go for twitterusername fan meet this Friday cos it will be awkward. I'll be the only grown man among teenage girls. Ugh...
CREEEEEEEP RT twitterusername In the yr 1981, a man was arrested for hiding under tables and painting the toenails of women.
HIS NAME MAN HIS NAME DONT MENTION HIM :/??twitterusername twitterusername Just go pls sekalian cari aku~ I know you WANNA MEET HIMCHAN???
Why buy just to ask for refund? u make no sense yet u always do just like the man scaning his ezlink a stop early
if only i had the perfect hair, the perfect body or even better, being the perfect man you've been dreaming of.
film for the assembly, then taking pics for the performance at busker corner but it was all so fun man LOL
Is there a girl u like in your cca? ??? My cca got girl meh? All so fierce like man. Hahahaha kidding, guess yours... twitterurl
"twitterusername Sharks have the best immunity to diseases that are known to man and deadly diseases like cancer do not affect them at all."
Dr. Allen Frances is the man who, in 1994, headed up the project to write the latest edition of the psychiatric bible, the DSM-IV.
??twitterusername Once upon a time, I cleared my debts.??? Come here kids, let me tell you a story of a man who never cleared his debt
THIS OMG "twitterusername Can you guys believe it, it's already freaking APRIL in less than 24 hours. Time is passing by way too fast man...."
I'm a Man U fan, but 1 thing I hate about them is they like to be so overconfident. Bloody hell!!!
Chelsea 1-0 Man Utd: Chelsea face Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-finals after Demba Ba's instinctive winne... twitterurl
Being a male is a batter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
You gotta be kidding me man. A father pushing a stroller with a baby in it and both of them are staring at their iPhone and iPad. Seriously?
Honestly so lucky to have a man like you. You understand me so well, my happiness is your priority and everything about you is so right.
Dafug man i seriously thought there was a fucking roach on my chest but instead it was my god damn nipple. I swear sia! Bimbotic moment
??twitterusername twitterusername ahaha! Miss you and the others too, it been a year!??? Yeah man! Are you still schooling in lab school?
Man, shuffle on my iPhone is just killin' it today. Lots of Lamb, some Soundgarden and Our Lady Peace. Sometimes randomness is magic.
Man I can't believe my life is real... honestly laughing out loud im so happy right now..thank you guys so much ?????`)
Not gonna let anyone spoil my day today. Today's a huge day for me. All suit up for today's meetings. Yeaaaahhh man.
I have complete respect for this man who was praying in the corner of the restaurant here during maghrib today. twitterurl
I'm extremely exhausted man despite the fact that I wasn't doing much. Slept like 12- 13 hours. And missed my psychologist 3 phonecalls. :-(
Ahahaha this 70 year old man is just slapping "Started from the bottom" with the windows down in his pimped out Buick
"twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her."
Photo: ohmygod twitterusername I???m so sorry for disagreeing when u said Justin???s gay! U???re then the man! OMG... twitterurl
Hmmm.. Ic. ;p RT twitterusername Fyi jannajauhar ;p - RT twitterusername ??If a woman doesn???t chase a man a little, she doesn???t #love him.???
tq man i syg you . thx for pay all ! hahahhaha ??twitterusername Babai...smally nnti follow aku g perhentian bulan 6 :p???
You call yourself a man when you're the one at fault yet you blame others for the consequence.... Suck on that.
In less angry news (I???m such an angry young man hahaha), I just found out the E-Cigarette is ILLEGAL in Singapore.
This man is shrilly giggling to himself on the bus. I studied queer theory & all that, but my ears cannot tahan
hello ! i've seen so much about you , hope you stay strong and move on .... ??? really? you are? thanks man thanks :) twitterurl
Tanda menunjukkan you should sleep RT ??twitterusername Twitter been crashing since just now or is it my phone? Its giving me a headache man.???
Gambler jailed for cheating women of horse race bets: April 08, 2013 11:42 AMA man who duped four women into g... twitterurl
no wonder bella broke up with you. never fuck her at all? you man or not wtf? probably her new bf fucking... ??? lol. twitterurl
No idea. Wait, haiya! What is he doing here QT twitterusername Sewe And what's the grey haired man on the left doing at this meeting? twitterusername
Okay so.... Phone what else? What else man I just charge you a few mins ago and you're dying the third time today. You....... >:(
why must social networks be the first thing females run to when y'all in y'all feelings? man ... y'all got to do BETTER ??
Oh man june I cant do anything but filmin hopefully can finish earlier. Why when im free nothing to do  not free everybody like I need this
When you meet a man, you judge him by his clothes; when you leave, you judge him by his heart. - Russian Proverb"
am i the only one here who gets really sad whenever i hear to the song ' when i was ur man '
I don't know what is wrong with me man. Seriously, why am I raging so much now. It's like the first emotion that comes to me is anger.
??twitterusername twitterusername erm pass motion like poop???????? alamak lame la u andy i think u need some sleep. go get some rest man haha
Started off w Family Affair 4 gig earlier. Worth my freaking 10 bucks man. Everyone was so fucking great. No doubts!
I Need To go See Mavado??Give Him A Sweet Little Whine One Time SMH That Man Has Me Feeling A Certain Way
Again, thanks for Asking about Sexy Island. it IS online. CNA top man twitterusername has all the details. Give him a nod, wink and a follow
My old man would probably *save* money buying Business class tickets, so when he misses flights several times, he can reschedule.
Ohmygawd . you made sense bro RT twitterusername If you're not cool with vulgarities then we can't be friends. Welcome to the real world man.
oh man i honestly didn't expect this to turn into a guessing game haha. femal... ??? I'm close, CHIJ or other school? twitterurl
Bro all pissed cos we can't have the cake immediately ?? He kept screaming "I'll ask indian man come!!!!" at us & taking the cane & whacking.
Aww the muscle man actually helped us place the pole back in it's place! Haha slalu kite 3 org kene angkat seh xD
Singing WHEN I WAS YOUR MAN to my parents while they're watching the news and they're like 'will u shut up??!'
West Ham 2-2 Man Utd: Robin van Persie equalises as Manchester United draw 2-2 at West Ham to take another ste... twitterurl
first time i saw it with my own eyes man... too narrow to turn!!! the whole bus of passengers kept a lookout for the driver lmao
this is so stupid i switched on the TV and there's running man i'm watching for the first time and addicted to it hhaha
Going through the Mr's closet and stuff we have came to a conclusion that I gave him the best gifts! Andy Cole's signatured man utd jersey!
Man-slut RTtwitterusername twitterusername twitterusername like say real twist... Swell untill big ball then need go see chinese doctor to do footjob
A MAN who waits for you for 30 mins but still won't complain? Girls, what are you waiting for?! He is our twitterusername twitterurl
Omg so cute some fat man just walked towards the mushrooms and squealed "mushrooms!!" silently but not enough for me to not hear
Funny how everyone totally in love with either twitterusername twitterusername or twitterusername or Dongjun ...the actors the action man of zea
If my dad walks in and look at me tearing without knowing I've been sneezing like a mad man, he's going to disown me for being a faggot.
man, feel like RTing to a certain Ann in SG! MT ??twitterusername GD realizing he has absolutely NO control ovr hyung's mouth twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] The lifeless body of a man was found floating in Kallang River. Police are inves...: The... twitterurl #singapore
Can I ask a question....Be Honest: what penis size (i... ??? Idk anything about dicks man and dude Im not interest... twitterurl
Prices for movies in Perth make you think 100 times before going to watch one. I've not caught iron man 3, hangover 3 and f&f6. Download sua
why RT twitterusername : Jesus Navas to Man City to be announced sometime this week. What a brilliant signing for them. #MCFC
[TheVerge] This man wants to replace your body with a holographic avatar: The 2045 project is as ambitious as it is insane: in just a...
Running Man fanmeet "Race start! in Hong Kong" on 13 July at Asia World Expo, Hall 10 with Jongkook, HaHa, Gary, Sukjin (cr: twitterusername
I KNOW FUCK"twitterusername You single cuz u ugly fuck u RT twitterusername I'm single because nobody will put up with me Lmao I'm crazy man"
A boy becomes a man when he starts taking responsibilities for what he did instead of putting the blame on others.
Been watching running man since the past 3 hrs o god i didnt plan my sat to be like this hahahah
3-well where to start. You'll always be my one and only very very very blue moon :D gotta catch up soon man!
Bad timing for Gastric to act up. Had no choice but to eat something, there goes my diet plan but I can't take the pain man :/
idk what's this movie called im watching but ima watch it cause will smith in it lol i love this man.
#143 heyy bestie thanks for being a really good friend, you need to stop disturbing me man hahha. All the best for O???s!! :-)
#DICK that's not a number you idiot. BUT STILL, YOU THE BROTHER I NEVER HAD, AND I LOVE YA MAN, NO HOMO :D
Nope, not riding. Too late. Maybe I???ll race tomorrow? Man, why can???t I get any enthusiasm up for this road season?
#922 Favourite Senior. Hehe. I miss your jokes man. All the time we did during the orientation. Adorable and funny. Miss you alot! :)
The guy that always be for you. There for your tears and wonders . Trying his best to be a better man. As expected he cant .
lionxi won the msl and they invited hsien loong? if man utd win epl pls ask david cameron to come ok.
Do you remember your first friend? ??? yeah man i do. she used to visit me before i fell asleep every night, crawl... twitterurl
THIS, I FEEL YOU SO DAMN MUCH. RT twitterusername Miss the holidays man, when I could just gym before going out or something.
Man United manager David Moyes will meet with Rooney and his representatives on Tuesday to discuss the striker's future at Old Trafford
[ST] Ex-Piaget boutique manager jailed for CBT of $776K: July 01, 2013 3:46 PMA former boutique man... twitterurl #singapore
I really b sitting here thinking. who tf got time to do shit like that. that shit is childish asf man
Sometimes I ask myself why don't I chaokeng be driver, safety medic, store-man, et cetera like many others disinterested in the army.
Well?? There???s this guy who saw me and said ???eh kim??? to me. And i???m like what??.. And i turned and walked away. Sorry man. Haha!
that nigga needs to stfu & get tf on w all that holding shit inside. that shit is annoying as shit man.
But if to take a solo photo again i stand next to lyrics man with a killer smile and a killer accent twitterusername *wink
You already lost my ezlink, now i pass you my ic you better don lost it if not i will fucking kill you man! -.-
Oh great. The Chye Tow Kuay man is cooking up a storm at the coffee shop. I'm going to be smelling of Eau De Chye Tow Kuay.
That song is on replay on my mind, 24/7. how the hell do I get my mind to shut down? Awwww man!
Looks like today will be the last match for Sir Alex Ferguson to take care of Man United for the very last time. #SirAlexFerguson #SAF #MUFC
You're the only woman that makes me crazy when you're not around. I'm not a weak man, but without you, I'm feeling so weak
Haha i saw liuying and she immediately said hi to ben i mean i need to man up and have some balls to say hi, no??
Sixteen days fifteen nights and i am restless ...in a bubble of happiness i get to see twitterusername hopeful 3times the man i love wait for me
AGREE! RT twitterusername #BAPFact Members said that Jongup had a face of a 20 year old man but his inner personalities resemble a lost child.
[YH!SG-FB] Many working adults like to tack their annual leave to public holidays so they c...: Man... twitterurl #singapore
Who wants Suarez anyway? Which team in the world would be proud to have a cheating, lying, man biting son of a gun?! Who?! Not Liverpool.
??twitterusername Running on 3 hours of sleep. But Tosh was worth it man??? you actually went to Tosh? Was is sick?
I hate insecure females, I don't want your little boy because a man he is not. So GTF off my twitter IG etc and stop calling my phone
"Running Man fan meeting In Malaysia will be on 21th of September,official announcement will be next month.Stay tuned!??? Cc twitterusername
You got to be kidding me man all red lights from pasir ris to tampines??!! Wtf and this cab is airconless i need to get out soon!!!
rest in peace to that old man whom i saw drowning.. we were so close to saving his life, this is so sad.
Why are u so good at football? ??? Hahah firstly, thanks for the compliment man. All this came from my idol. My da... twitterurl
AC Milan chief executive Adriano Galliani says Stephan El Shaarwy is not "unsellable". The Egyptian-born striker is interesting Man City
"Blondie said they destroyed my clothes." "Blondie?" Blond man is offended. B l o n d i e. I can see why Winston wasn't amused.
Lol what happens when that provider can no longer provide?! I don't depend on a man for nothing but some comfort. BEEN THERE DONE THAT!
HAAHAHAH but come on la, if that Caucasian man is willing to give a try, kak hana I think u shud try.
Actually, it was wrong of the man to cheat, but he wouldn't have apologized if he didn't cherish the relationship. #ucrossroads
Just watched man of steel, and Louis lane not pretty loh..I only like scene of parental love for superman, n him hug mum.
[News] Police appeal for information in outrage of modesty case: Police are looking for a man to help with inv... twitterurl
[TheVerge] The secret behind 'He-Man' villain Stinkor's unending reek: "Stinkor uses his powerful scent to repel or destroy," read th...
Unemployed man jailed 2 months for threatening to post naked videos of ex-wife: June 25, 2013 4:53 PMAn unempl... twitterurl
Today FalepFriday we played Running Man and yeah, we owned the game. Had a lot of fun with them and?? twitterurl
Zimm zimma. Beenie Man a girls dem sugar. Me love dem shape an figure. What happened 2 mya tho?? Ghetto superstar. Take me there. Yo bangers
So boys from OTHER support groups, can carik jodoh & flirt flirt abit. Heh heh. He very cute! Rich man son, wears glasses, twinky. I LIKE.
Man City's new manager will not be given the same powers as predecessor Roberto Mancini, who held command of the Blues' medical department
damn empty without jjong's adlibs man... esp the loudest one where he goes damn high from the background noonan neomu yehhhhhhhbuhhhhhhh
"twitterusername On the nxt episode of the nature channel...i am going to take a massive shit in a kangaroo's pouch" "ARE YOU KIDDING ME MAN"
WHOA?? RT twitterusername I'm a 6'4 260lb man. Look at this visual.. now imagine being on the court vs Sir Charles & twitterusername twitterurl
What a bummer. But yeah man. Sucks to be typical human RT twitterusername here's to the kids who don't have super powers
During Chinese Lesson, relief teacher let us watch episode 75 of Running Man. It's seriously very funny! Laugh until stomach pain! ??
Bail for US man accused of putting 6-week-old daughter in minus 12??C freezer set at S$1.24 million twitterurl
I remembered twitterusername and I hid behind this long curtain when the repair man came cause we didn't have our scarves on.
We heard that running man is coming to Malaysia for a concert + gameshow! The members are going to sing? XD stay tuned! cr:twitterusername
??twitterusername twitterusername gosh. I am fat. I dont look good because of pimples..hais how man how??? i also have pimples lah. Haiyaaa :')
Dale Earnhardt Jr. to show off Man of Steel livery at Michigan: NASCAR's most popular driver to pitch one of s... twitterurl
So the 40 year old bald man that was playing h20 on repeat turned out to be a 20 year old gangster, looks defiantly can be deceiving
Thank you! RT twitterusername Stevie is such a weak man, easy to break. Why are these women treating him like a hot commodity.
Take care bro twitterusername RT twitterusername new recruits enlisting today? All the best. may NS shape you into a matured and better man. :)
Man. Now I want pizza and sushi. I actually dreamt about the soft shell crab sushi just now and pepperoni pizza. I. Need. Them.
??twitterusername A 41 year old man named Fei Lin from China  had been asleep when thieves broke into his bedroom and stole his penis.??? WTF?!
#1010 haha hi pal , you're one of my bestestt friend!! do forgive my never ending mia ness!! and just to let you know. I <3 you man HAAHAHA
Lollol I look like a ghost man seeing my reflection in the mirror.  Can't believe im gonna go out like this.  ???????
WTHELL Man. i rarely miss my date lines -.- UGHH it pisses me off that for once, i miss a date line. WTF. So irresponsible of me
When a female is used to getting hurt , she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her , so she ends up pushing him away .
[TheVerge] New 'Super Smash Bros.' for Wii U and 3DS coming in 2014, features Mega Man as playable character: Nintendo has just annou...
lol fuck u la Kallang Ice World THE ICE IS HORRIBLE AND TINY AND YOUR RULES R FUCKING STUPID I'm so done GIVE US SKATERS A BREAK MAN
FML TOMORROW NEED TO WAKE UP AT 7 FOR MEDIC COURSE. y u do dis "twitterusername Running Man Episode 149 English subs twitterurl ??"
I hope you guys can understand.. I believe you guys are man enough to compromise me for awhile.. So don't give up on every one of us.
which jayesslee song do you like the most? ??? Idk man I mean... All of their songs are really good if you ask me!... twitterurl
Spending my night just now by watching running man with hubby and order mcd for lil sis,big sis and myself heh
Happy BIrthday Shaun! Hope you have a great day today! Nice playing alongside with you in twitterusername Kick balls soon man love ya! <3 :-*
I was a turn a away from my man tai 13 Yao zi mo and my ah ma decided to Zimo :((
But when you have onions, you can get sugar and pepper together to make... ??? Money. I can make my own iron man haha twitterurl
Man you sucks! RT twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername its time to speak english and stop fangirl-ing on koreans!" no no no no
I dislike hoes. Needy hoes, ratchet Hoes, sideline hoes, got a man & dont know how to act Hoes, dumb hoes, looking for love on Twitter hoes
Cause all I wanted to do was dance but now baby I???m dancing but I???m dancing with another man...
??twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername yes! His the only one in our fam who is a fan of man utd. #YNWA" I like your grandpa. Hahahahaha.??? WHY? ??
look at dis shit I have tuh complete my course work by 25th July u be kidding me man I ain't got time fo yo joke
But how do you train your body? And what does you eat... ??? I do crunches planking sit ups v-man pushups pull ups... twitterurl
Yeah you're great man ;) don't forget that there are many others out there looki... ??? Haiyo dunch lyk dat leyyy ily twitterurl
Super sian when my bro was like ' he at tekong ' , wanted to ask him how he train his vb man,  idolize moment.
Anyways, yesterday my mum see man of steel then during the fighting scene she cover her ears because too loud hahahahahhahahhaha.
So twitterusername said "I never wanted a man to call me so much" on the topic of Mr Bangras calling for internship
wtf man seriously...... shouldnt he, of all people, be more careful?! like.omg how old alr take care of yourself and dont take risks lah
I think this week I rly pushed my mother's limits man I'm so glad she's so lenient and willing this week sigh love her love u mummy
Shoutout to my nigga tho for being man enough to say "I'm hurt" most dudes front like they ain't give a fuck. Like "fuck that bitch" Not him
DESCRIBE ME ??? u a bitch ass nigga man, HAHA kidding dude, we obviously had too little time together and we're li... twitterurl
Hey I think you shouldn't waste your talent in football man. Go play for a cl... ??? Naww idk if I should or not lah. twitterurl
Honestly Im startN 2 blieve that females either hav2 find a man thats already successful or bcome successful b4 committing 2 a relationship
#76 Oh man we go way back ! I still have the bday card you gave me in 8th grade (': haha hope you're doing good !
Some Malaysians are unhappy with Air Asia sponsoring Singapore FA. Need to keep in mind that Tony Fernandes is a business man.
I'm doing good man ha thanks for asking ??? It's been awhile, we need to chill. Only met you once lol twitterurl
fck man thanks for screwing my night. i said i wanna sleep and u still wanna talk bout this. fck u
LOL you're tellin urself the truth b4 I do yhh "twitterusername Lol Im looking @ weddingdresses & weddingrings , I need to find a man 1st"
Bye thiago, hope you'll get much time play with man utd. And back to camp nou when the team need you. twitterusername . You are amazing :)
How the hell did i manage to leav home without my wallet man................. sian, i am going back to get it.
79 year old BJP minister from MP, Raghavji is a very religious man, a product of RSS teachings. Wonder who can accuse him of sodomy?
The door of the hospital entrance is guarded by a police officer who is becoming the most filmed man on the planet twitterurl
??twitterusername I support Man U but hey, the game is over LOL. Chill guys.??? Omg the small girl support soccer siolll #ggmu
OH in Apple retailer: Staff helping a Chinese-speaking man with his pirate movie apps. "Download in advance, that's what everyone does."
pit bull now going therapy RT twitterusername A man convicted of having sex with his pit bull faces 15 years in jail. twitterurl
??twitterusername Any male can tell a female that he loves her, but it takes a man to show a woman he loves her without using words.???
Thank you bro! Still got 5 more months till NS though hahaha RT twitterusername twitterusername all the best future NS man! ??
"You must show your feminity and bla bla bla." Well, fuck that coz I know I ain't gonna marry with a royal man.
How I meet your mother? *this serial sounds like a man who suffered amnesia and asked his kids how he got them*
Am i the only one who thinks that munah and hirzi are not funny at all? I'm sorry man, thats just my opinion.
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has left out Michael Essien from his 23-man squad to Dortmund in the Champions League
[TheVerge] See 'Man of Steel' a day early by visiting Walmart: If you want to be one of the first to watch Zac... twitterurl
McDonald???s Burger Looks the Same ??? 14 Years Later: Well, that can???t be good for your health. A Utah man claims... twitterurl
Kept telling myself that I'll wake up early tomorrow to revise for BEV but... idk man Im not really a champion when it comes to waking up :/
Man United are considering a move for Colombia Juan Fernando Quintero who has been on loan from Atletico Nacional to Serie A side Pescara
HELL NO!!!!! | Kevin Feige updates on The Avengers 2, and it looks like Whedon's following the Iron Man 3 template: twitterurl
especially if there is an amazing protagonist like robert downey jr I mean like he is Iron Man and Sherlock Holmes
i tell u i go study already cause tomorrow maths paper u still want make a fuss saying i went out to slack -.- wtf man
[ST] Man arrested in connection with acid incident on MRT train: May 06, 2013 7:12 PMA 52-year old ... twitterurl #singapore
Miss any one from primary school? ??? Hmmm ... quite a few man ! Wen Si , Clara , Benji , Calvin , Kin Wee , Zhi Y... twitterurl
Just finish d whole entire game of #farcry3 on #PS3 !! One of d best first man shooter game I played ever !!! Planning to play again soon :)
Want nthg else but to get this shit done real quick and off to bed. Killer man this itchy throat and running nose
The Real-Life Tony Starks Behind Iron Man 3's Amazing Armor:  For as advanced and as lifelike as CGI effects h... twitterurl
"In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman." - Margaret Thatcher #GE13 #PRU13
So gonna pester bro to buy me a new phone so I can use it when im working in the future man.  ??
she gone say. "what type of man are you. you rude" lmaoo. I would've said some more shit than that! aha
Now you see me, after earth, safe haven, world war z, 300: rise of an empire, GI joe, the wolverine, thor the dark world, man of steel.
??twitterusername Man United is believed to have made contact with Barca over Fabregas. Arsenal would have first option on buying him back??? LOL
People forget that Man City only won the title on goal difference last season not by having more points than United.
Bapok tulen. RT twitterusername Oh so now u acting all macho in campus but in the club or apps act like a pussy ? Cool man. ??
really disgusting man, can you please learn to control your self?She's not your girlfriend or anything!OUTRAGE OF MODESTY!GET THE POINT ASS
Personally I disagree with PR if they urge the rakyat to go down to the street for the purpose of 'merampas kuasa' from BN. Not now man.
Wanted to write a new story but after a paragraph I just- gave up man. Whatever. Hoping that i'll get inspired tomorrow or something.
too many RTs about fights/madrasah here and there. WHAT IS GOING ON HERE? am lost man. never mind... MY FOOD IS   MUCH MORE IMPORTANT!
HAHAHA FUCK I forgot to remove my colored nails for work shiittt and I lost my nametag, IM SO UNPREPARED0 MAN WHATS THIS?
"Boston Suspect 2" was found hiding in stern of boat covered in tarp in backyard. Man found him covered in blood, called police
if you're a man. the best way to fight is not using any weapon. you must use your brain and hand.
How to be an ass this Friday--Spoil Iron Man 3 for the rest of the world, including my US colleagues...
Cheer up man, we're going thru bad day together. Heads up! Good things will come!  RT twitterusername Not a good day for me again.
So happy now! Finish download the latest running man. Can sleep already. Goshhhh...today's wifi at home is running like snail. ?_?
I really feel that this is one of the worst papers I've written man. O godddd. So many perameters to constantly consider.
She asked him if humor is important to lots of things and he said its important to everything he added that iron man is the only marvel-
Things that make you pissed off ??? Rude people, man who don't act like a gentleman. I get mad when ppl dont behav... twitterurl
Man United manager Sir Alex Ferguson is certain that David de Gea, 22, has what it takes to become the club's long-term No.1  goalkeeper
I bet all Man Utd Fans are happy now! And can't wait to see their team to get BPL Trophy!!^^ #GGMU #MUFC
I don't mind lah pasal Korean dramas and movies and running man. The only thing I couldn't fathom until now mesti Kpop group. *puke*
48-year-old arrested for stealing bicycles and golf bags from condominium: May 02, 2013 9:36 PMA man suspected... twitterurl
kk,what are your thoughts on girls? ??? Shit man this is a really general question, it would take me hours to answ... twitterurl
Took me awhile to realize just now that there was a camera man filming an interview in front of me, between a host and a shopper. :/
April accused's texts over break up: The jury in the case against a man accused of murdering missing five-year... twitterurl
India demands justice as 'spy' dies in Pakistan: An Indian man on death row in Pakistan for??spying died on Thu... twitterurl
walaooo why you come! I want date my love only lehhhh teehee jk  RT twitterusername Iron man w/ twitterusername and twitterusername later on wheeeee
I really want people to see my dark side. My feelings got played by a man but i accepted it. Now, I moved on. twitterurl
Yeah man! RT ??twitterusername How to want to be a nicer & better person when people are just simply fucked up? ???????????? mehhhhhhh.???
When Paul Scholes plays man u passing will always be good. He always run for space and ask for the ball
Taktahu lah dah tdo ke belum sbb yr whatsapp is pending so wishing you a good night and have a sweet dream my man ? #ZM
And retiring because he wants to be with his wife who has lost her best friend - her sister? What a man he is.
man. I can't stop looking at his shit. I feel like that shit bout to rip if he bend to tie his shoes
Don???t talk about letting go when you???re the one who always playing with guys. It???s a total turnoff man.
[YH!SG-FB] These two men could be mistaken as the same person. But one is a man born in Har...: The... twitterurl #singapore
me and twitterusername watching running man episode 75 just now together but not beside each other. episode 76 in a bit !
Man City ended their FA Cup Final match with 10-men when Pablo Zabaleta was sent off in the 88th minute.
iron man club vivo bugis steamboat adventure cove my own birthday tall guys guys with expanded lobes and the number 22
Feeling really bad cos I was watchin Iron Man 2 whilst Gran came all the way & send me food & I didn't hear the knocking of the door...
Would you be the hero or the villain? Also, iron man ... ??? Does it matter? A hero to one is a villain to another... twitterurl
Today Running Man EPI 142 with Guest Lee BoYoung & Lee SangYoon. Seems like the 3 betrayer are on a team! ^^ twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] A 34-year-old man has been arrested after making online threats to bomb several...: A 34... twitterurl #singapore
"first come first served doesnt apply in love." if men can stray, why not women? ahaha, okay im going to be slashed for this man.
Is there any chance for me to get her (nisa? I scared... ??? Sorry man but thats not really nice. She's seeing som... twitterurl
Didn't realise it's Friday. Shit man it's repeating. Week past like days where months gonna past like weeks and years passing my like months
Hes a real man. Not because he doesnt cheat; But because he actually learns from his mistakes & can admit to being wrong, he keeps it funky.
[YH!SG-FB] A man suspected to have spray painted the Cenotaph war memorial at Esplanade Par...: A m... twitterurl #singapore
You're on our fucking land Mr Lee. You sleep here you eat here and you stay so just shut the hell up man.
O M G ??twitterusername our man vs wild producer suffering from a brutal snake bite - fighting the injury with courage. twitterurl
so tempted to change my second piercing man!!!! although its been like 2-3 days hahahahaha this stud is so plain and ugly :(
Maybe I'm just scared to see my brothers just go in & suffer like that.. I almost forgot what it takes to be a man. Independent.
Can you please stop calling twitterusername the arabian justin bieber...he's way much batter than justin at least he's a real man...
I concur with twitterusername all a man needs is a woman who believes in his dreams and potential. A supporting column! A partner! Just that!
Hahaaa saying here is too embarrassing man ~~ but at ... ??? er okay. somehow i got a feeling that this is a prank... twitterurl
Covered a boy group's song mehh my voice doesn't suit the pitch! Hmp nemind running man nowww haha then sleep! :3
Why not stop the Iron Man screening abeh amek video korang telling us how the story goes abeh show at cinema? Mmmm dapat duit
A day full of Korea today. From running man to Korean songs to happy together. And dr Jin in a bit. Hahahaha. Crazy day.
[TRE] India: 70 year old man rapes 7 year old girl: A seven-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a ... twitterurl #singapore
Crofty: "Just because one man leaves the team with nearly 400 employees it doesn't mean they're gonna plummet faster than a sinking stone."
I really hope my future son is as cute as Kai who sang "When i was your man" on Ellen. Hahahah. Pretty please.*Making gwiyomi face*
At the end of the day,the club is bigger than any individual n we support the club first.Glory,glory Man Utd #MUFC #GGMU
April accused 'offered sleepover': A jury sees video evidence from a 10-year-old girl telling how a man accuse... twitterurl
Yah man! This kinda of girl deserves a slap in the face!! RT twitterusername OMG I HATE WENJIE LA WTHECK. ARGH ARGH ARGH twitterusername
Those heart aches is to train you to be man, prepare to face hell. I've been thru what you're going thru right now, stay strong bro twitterusername
Oh man my sis gonna enjoy herself in some expensive villa in bali and im stuck in singapore with work criess
A man gets shot in his hall and you think it'll be me? No,I'm the one knocking on his door.
21 jump strwet sounds like a dance movie, and because of that i missed it on the big screen, man was i wrong, should have watched it hahaha
Oh man, next week is the #Greys finale. Not really looking forward to it. I bet someone is going to die. COS THIS IS GREY'S, EVERYONE DIES.
??twitterusername twitterusername Man YOU ARE SPOILED AND YOU KNOW IT! I swear your mom think she 20 she to sexy for the world!??? I'm not ????
David Moyes replace Sir Alex Ferguson as a Man Utd Manager for a 6 years deal.Welcome to Old Traford David Moyes! #GGMU
"England go to Hell," screamed student at UK embassy protest against Papuan separatist office in UK, before confiding he was big Man Utd fan
Alleged MOM hacker faces 112 more charges: May 10, 2013 5:15 PMA man who has been accused of hacking into the ... twitterurl
I really have to get well soon man. I can't keep on laying on bed and thinks everything is gonna be alright
Pass det shxt lol "twitterusername Man I ate a long time ago and still high asf .....that's some bomb ass weed"
ala, running man blom sampai situ RT twitterusername Question 8: Which Buddhist Temple in Busan has been declared as World's Heritage by UNESCO?
[CNA] Man's trial in online vice ring case to continue at later date: The case of the third man cla... twitterurl #singapore
If a teacher wants to take my phone, I'll do anything just to get it back man. 2 weeks leh hello?
"twitterusername Yaya Toure (Man City): "Madrid rumours? Didn't consider it. They're a great club, but I'm a cule, I could never join Madrid.
Now we standing on the edge looking like here we go again  . .  used to be your man but today I woke up as ur friend #Nowplaying
Hey bro! Thanks ya:) Appreciate it! RT twitterusername twitterusername Bro all the best for the Final 1!!! :D You guys got my support man!
You can say all you want about me, old man. But you cannot erase me. I am still a threat. Watch your mouth
Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat: April 19, 2013 9:02 PMPolice on Thursday, arrest... twitterurl
wtf man i want go out go study also u dont let me. Wah if like this i'll be stuck in the house till forever la
[ST] Police arrest 34-year-old man for making a false bomb threat: April 19, 2013 9:02 PMPolice on ... twitterurl #singapore
Wanita bth pria yg blablabla...bulshit,nyata ny rata2 wanita tuh "never know how to respect a good man" dear woman,think about it!
so tired having to be doing that 1st chest step all the way, till everyone does it omfg my ribcage hurts so badly man??
Iron Man 3 totally awesome. Nice plots , amazing scripts , absolutely incredible movie. Its worth to watch it. Good job Tony Stark! (Y) :D
my bed and ran to open the door... lol epic night!!! aww man DAY 5 today, we are going back to Cyberjaya after Friday prayer ?? SAD...
Ade side moral yg aku dapat dr Iron Man 3. First never n ever create your own enemy. Second, protect your beloved till the last breathe :)
I think they just gave all of Jonghyun's lines to Taemin! Hope to see the 5-man version of this if he recovers while they're still promoting
it seems like my body is resisting from losing more fats.. i need ideas and ways to handle it man!! AHHHHH!!!
Haha its the same shit man! ??twitterusername No stop school football. Club football ok RT ??twitterusername Macam nak stop bola for good.??????
Stupid annoying school kids, clogging up the cinemas. I'm not gonna line up for hours just to see Iron Man. I'm just not that desperate.
Gonna fix up that reactor when I get home. Omg. Then I'll wear it if I even get to go watch iron man 3.
Prac maths for so long tdy lol I swear at least 5 hrs man and I only covered indices. Will do the rest tmr morning ok g'nite
Oh so God created Intelligently Designed Perfect Man then suddenly said, "the skin around that cockhead is gross, thou shalt cut it away"? ?
Zero tolerance for rapists! This man should be dealt the full force of the law and be put away for a long time. twitterurl
Who doesn't luv iron man and transformers u gotta be kidding lol everybody likes robot and machines fighter!!!!!! POW POW POW
Indian origin man in Singapore gets jail term: A 25-year-old Indian origin former drama teacher has been sente... twitterurl
WTF! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Oh I need to watch Iron Man 3! Need. Nee. Ne. N??? lets go crazy crazy crazy till we see the sun
And what made me smile was when she said her teeth was the one thing she was proud of.*man tears
??twitterusername twitterusername ya i think so..hahaha???ouh.. If it was him then he is ermmm man u manager i guess.. Haha
Once you whip out your breasts (start playing with nipples for the gays) you think the man in the room looking at you can control himself?!
fergie out of united spells doom but if mourinho steps in... we'll see man u's trophy case getting fuller every season.
Yay! Nw all there is left to do is PRAY!!!!! Oh man.. Dun like to wait.. Plz yes plz yes plz..
So many movies to see this Summer - Great Gatsby, Ironman 3, Hangover 3, Fast & the Furious 6, Man of Steel, Star Trek #seasonpasstime
A man just went up to my face like literally up to my face to tell me I have nice hair. And then he went like "hahahahah".
Dominos for dinner and even the delivery man is familiar w us LOL "how r u? Familiar customer haha" that's what he said
calon yg bertanding utk Parlimen Man Utd dengan Dun Old traford ni org yg same David Moyes dgn Jose Mourinho. #twitgayepolitik
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Diam la RT twitterusername Wah cb gonna miss my friends??? sorry megamind??? diam la ill miss you too man. Diam la.
I lost my phone this morning. Lucky me, someone kind enough and put it at cvc. Thank you man. I only know that person is a chinese guy.
Mepek ah this controversy psl bdk junied benci muya. Korg tak suke de man up ah takmo Anon and nak flood ask fm de with hate!!!
What should a real man be able to do? ??? Getting on his knees and helping his girl put on her shoe when she's dro... twitterurl
Niece: "Actually, 160cm is just about the ideal height for a man as tall as you. I'll choose someone quite prince - like." Me: "Really?"
I'm not being melodramatic - it was seriously fucked up. Whatever man, if that's what you want to do to me, fine lor.
I lowkey hope the head shots run out so I get a red Stay Dirty hoodie... Oh well a man can dream right?
I take back what I said about moving to Canada fuck cold weather man I've been in the UK 5 days and I want to wear 5layers
What's the use when it's only me putting in the effort? What's the use when you dont give a damn anymore? What the use man....
I just saw a man that has really long hair bangs fringe and straight cut back and look really like a girl
Told my dad I was on the beach with my man & he said, "don't make me go upside your head. I don't want to hear that shit!" ????
I don't know man. I just hope every guy could be a girl for a week or a day. It's not easily dealing with things as a girl.
"twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her." Yupppz
when you put someone through so much, how the hell do you think theyre going to act? LOL ppl have feelings man
Promise me never to be far from my heart...if u leave i dont think it would heal twitterusername dont change into another man because u are perfect
'I am concern with your lack of interest in this class affecting your grade.' Yeah sorry man I don't know how to develop interest in Spa.
Great ,I say it takes a BIG man to say sorry: Now, AirAsia chief says sorry to Utusan over ??racist??? remark twitterurl
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Bullshit RT twitterusername Ladies the worst thing you can do to a man is show up at his crib unannounced???fuck Allat
WTF?!?Man Sues Wife for Having Ugly Kids! Shd U ???Disclose??? Plastic Surgery Prior To Marriage? twitterurl -hubby very ugly inside
Went to the mosque, an old man performed an iqamah, then he suddenly took selfie using his blackberry, I couldn't believe what have I seen.
woah man. sorry about the letter. am taking a longggg... ??? It's ok just don't send it to the wrong house ok xD I... twitterurl
My brother and I usually disagree each other. But lately I've found that we have one thing in common. Running Man ^^
Can't I marry a man who'll agree that we can hv a cold tofu wedding cake? JUDGE ME *flips hair* RT ??twitterusername HAHAHA WTF???
I TOLD YOU I LOST MY VOICE ASDFGHJKL ((u r a faget. faget. not fagit)) RT twitterusername DID A MAN STOLE SYAZ'S PHONE OR SOMETHING
I think this man tryna knock me out. He keep hitting all these turns and curves hard af slamming me into the door.
This morning, the High Court of Singapore has lifted the death sentence imposed on 24 year-old Malaysian man, Mr... twitterurl
Dude just ans my question man! Is there any guy arnd ... ??? Your age is 15? There's this one guy who is 15. He do... twitterurl
Oh man idk why am I feeling so emotional whenever my bro is going to camp. It feels like a week although it's just 3 days
Bitch, this ain't no bathroom. Get your ghetto ass out of here man. Ain't nobody wanna see you clipping your fucking nails.
running man right now relying on guests to pull up ratings already sigh. TOP last week, EXO this week, Suzy next week :x
If you`re checking your partner`s twitter to find out what she/he is angry/sad about,kudos to you man.
My phone be bone dry man. I fr onlt got a call from quise today and thats it. No texts no nothing
so tomorrow is day 1 of our staff party. not sure what to expect...run around USS like a mad man maybe? #nevergrowup
Yelling rudely at a lady when YOU called the wrong number in the first place? Seriously go fuck yourself. I'd make a man.
Looking at the current situations of things, I might be better off looking for a girlfriend instead. Surely I make a better man. >_>
[TheVerge] The cult of Cthulhu: real prayer for a fake tentacle: Forty-one years ago in New York City, a man known only as Simon walk...
lmaoooo??twitterusername I pray to God y'all sons don't be disrespectful...they'll be coming home crying saying daddy this man beat my ass???
Yeeeaaaaaa me having a man would be nice.....someone to help keep the chill off. O well guess I will stick with my blanket
naaa, u must first give a clue, not from me -_- RT twitterusername What about password?? Hahaha RT twitterusername damn man!! u must ngasih code code,
Si passion gadgets. Arghh. Someone sign my stuff on my behalf? But my family didnt saw any delivery man came & they didnt sign anything too
That guy whom gave his umbrella to me and drove off @ the accident scene on PIE around 6pm+... god bless him man
my texts to twitterusername range from "oh man hes looking at me" to "i'm gonna fucking die he just made me coffee" SEND HELP
cc twitterusername tuh kan "twitterusername Yip Man, the master of Wing Chun, sparring with his student Bruce Lee, c. 1955 twitterurl
OMG the moment i wake up i thought of last night bloody fall asleep @ 5 damn it man i'm so scare&frustrated somemore it's pouring so heavily
And you wondered how you got that?You attempted to scratch iron man twitterusername RT twitterusername Wth there is blood on my fingernail
Rqndomly walked around the complex and reached a small park with small man made lake...now my feet hurt from walking 2 km. I'm that weak
If I was born in 1913 I'll be married,probably having kids,a Kung fu master turned tofu maker in china man.
oh yes ytd's thunderstorm was damn scary and the thunder at like arnd 4am freaking woke me up. IT'S HARD TO WAKE ME UP W THUNDER MAN LOL.
Sorry but i just had to say this cos i can't stand this old man lean on me unless you're hot & smell good! Hahaha. Ok kidding~ xD
Just now got this business man in front of me in the train, looks like Korean. Then mum said got handsome guy in front of you.
"twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much he cares, even if he already has her."
Stop looking at your iPhones and iPads for a moment and enjoy what's laid out in front of you...., until your Running Man stream is ready.
I was deflowered by an older man before also what! But I have zero desire of deflowering a young boy leh.\
Man i start to shiver and line is getting slower so have a safe journey latifah for eight hours straight please miss me bye mno
holy shit if you think playing L4D2 with 3 AIs or friends is scary, WAIT TILL YOU PLAY LAST MAN ON EARTH. IT'S ONLY YOU. ALONE.
Oh man realised the pic I posted on twitter jn was directly under the light and I look like    and so I deleted it
But i've saw how she rejects guys , and man she is cruel . ... ??? If you love someone, you have to take the risk! :) twitterurl
Why do you dress like an ah pek to school?? ??? HAHAH ANON I LAUGHED AT THIS ACTUALLY, idk man to me it's just sch... twitterurl
Had a dream about zombies chasing us into a library! Chaotic. That crucial, intense moment, and I had to wake up. OH MAN.
Hashtag siao RT twitterusername Adult man spends near 100 grand on plastic surgeries to look like his idol, Justin Bieber twitterurl
It's not the same man u team anymore . You just don't have the feel that they can score in fergie time.
Give Moyes more time. Even Ferguson did not produce good results when he took over Man Utf for the first time in the past.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid claimed an emphatic 7-3 win over 10-man Sevilla in La Liga on Wednesday night.
The elusive panda bear man. At its highest point of anger, cus he's drenched. I wanna hug him until he?? twitterurl
You see then you comment. How funniest and hilarious a variety show of Korea, Running Man. Don't judge the show by one episode :)
I bumped into twitterusername at Little India! Darn it. You are now taller than me. LOL. Didn't take a picture man. Next time. :')
That's why I don't give it lol??twitterusername Taking relationship advice from a bitch who aint got a man? How dumb???
GOING FOR A HOME FOOTBALL MATCH HERE IN ST JAMES!! Weather is CRAZY!! Man City v Newcastle United! Woot woot! #COLD #Football
So now i'm no longer a Sagittarius but an Ophiuchus? The serpent bearer what? Aw i preferred being a half horse half man shooting an arrow.
Happy Birthday lah Aniqqqqqq! One year older, one year stronger. All the best w Warriors man! Have a greaaat day lah twitterusername .. #carra
??twitterusername twitterusername ya man so hard to believe eh??? I love them being tgt. the guy so supportive fml. everytime clap for her when se her
??twitterusername The RAM-memory of an iPhone is a lot more than what NASA's spaceship used to take the man to the Moon.???
"twitterusername A man once faked his own death to see who would show up to his funeral. Only his mother did." This is saddening
3 am and I found myself going to the kitchen and munchin on 3 piece of bread with tuna.felt so hungry man.
Can't wait to rush to west Jesmond, interview the manager of cafe 1901 and head back home for food and to catch up with Man U game!!!
A lot of work need to complete asap gosh now I knew, being a class rep is not cool, man urgh.
Oi old man..u serious?? THAT u selling at ya first concert??Dude who the hell is ur promoter? Im willing to throw money at them twitterusername
"twitterusername Studies have proven that taking the underarm sweat of a man and putting it on a woman???s lips can boost her mood."tf ?
"twitterusername  hey twitterusername update your Instagram and Twitter if not desperate ZE:A's is just gonna get more desperate' huhuhu plz old man!
This entire building is so unhelpful! Reason why I can't work for the govt? Too law by law -.- People need to be more flexible man! Pissed!
War News Updates > War Profiters In Syria: A man is seen inside a half-empty shop due to lack of supplies in t... twitterurl
but i swear man, hummels is damn perfect. damn handsome, plays great football, got damn pretty gf, plays for a top club hais not fair ah
Haaaaha QT twitterusername Marijuana was made illegal in 1937 by a man who claimed the drug caused white women to want to be with black men.
Let's start it asap i wake up tmrw . Man am i need my knowledge more in most of the thing i'm doing :) .
Inconsiderate chinese man seating at the reserve seats when he saw a chinese pregnant lady standing right infront of him bodoh ke ape
Bukit Timah fire: Man who died was 'life of the party': November 19, 2013 8:15 AMLife held plenty of promises ... twitterurl
very tempted to dye my whole head brown / red after my bkk/sitex . but if i get the airport transit job then i think bye man
Man who received oral sex from 17-year-old prostitute, then ran away without paying sentenced to 7 months??? jail twitterurl
This villa nabila thing on my tl looks creepy man. Decided to google it up and danngg, by the looks of it Confirm berhantu!
I changed my nail colour again and I'm not too sure if I like it or not. I need more nicer colours man.
Mega Man X Costume Unlockable in Dead Rising 3: Put any thoughts of Capcom getting a little too serious for its own good in Dead Risi...
Dear david moyes..sir alex onces say to stand behind your manager. He is referring to Man Utd! Dont dont bring your everton tactics here.
If i could roll on the floor and laugh it out loud, i would. all because of yonngggg oppa's episode of running man. Hahhhhaa!
This bible school teaches kids that dinosaurs were created with Man, only we didn???t put them on the ark. twitterurl #Singapore
Reading this ite secrets confession so funny. Hey guys, just man up and go to your crush rather than asking abt her through twitter -.-*smh
wtchd so many fuckin epic RRHOF induction & acceptance speeches holy shit major gods of rock man & KISS R INDUCTEES FOR 2014 FINALLY!!!
Cute meaning, he has Tom Cruise's hairstyle. Possibly someone???s father. Now horny for man mouth. Something like that. FASTER COME.
Rejection is painful QT twitterusername Hata akawa mzee vipi a man cannot accept rejection. They pretend that you misunderstood hahah. I am d
??twitterusername #Gemini's are the most talkative sign but they only talk to who they choose.??? ya man this one i agree
I've been standing most of the time at my cousin's place. I think i deserve to rest at home tomorrow. Or maybe not? Idk man.
Can never go wrong observing a people with an inferiority complex of a man with a micropenis trying to impress the babes at Club Cube.
I see the change I see the message, so im stsrting with the man in the mirror. Mj thought me that.
Man jailed for stealing parts from 34 bikes: October 26, 2013 8:11 AMWith tools in his backpack, 44-year-old T... twitterurl
I still can't believe my father fell on me when I held him for balance. an 80kg man falling in you isn't a joke hahahah
Man faints from tiredness after carrying around change in coins as he paid for $3 mee pok with $1 million note twitterurl
This 40 years old man still as ripped as a 20 years old and acts like one too. My dearest brother. ???????????? twitterurl
idk man. maybe before you be a baby about everything. why don't you just look at yourself? maybe you'll see why? damn
Man United have delivered the most crosses in the PL this season (202) and three of their last five goals have come from wide deliveries.
Make it 360. #Euros ??? You guys are the best Empire man. #360 for you guys anytime. Any muddafucka pestering y'al... twitterurl
My lil bro asked me who's the man in a pic he saw in my phone (Jake Gyllenhaal). I said my boyfriend\
I MISS YOU A LOT MAN MEET UP SOON ALRIGHT RT twitterusername Saw Joanna today. Was nice seeing her again HAHAHA
??twitterusername twitterusername If you got a man then why dress up all good when he's not around? Who are you dressing up for????
Lol why is everybody relying on a group of people to settle out all their issues. You're singaporean too. Man up.
dads who bring their babies ard are attractive. not physically attractive. more like "aw you sweet man, taking care of you bby." attractive
"twitterusername Wah arsenal is going to face man u after dortmund? Busy busy wenger" Yes yes straight strong teams sia they facing
hahaha man if i have a long sentence or a word, i would say his the most cheerful guy i ever met twitterusername
I am a man who walks alone, and when I'm walking a dark road , at night or strolling through the park.
Ok i just killed a bee using my badminton racket. Im sorry for killing you man. May you rest in peace.
Like a problem hanging over the drooping head of a tired man, the gray sky bogged the city down with its rain.
'Will you be my best man on my wedding with Emily a few years from now?' | 'What??' and I just stood there opening my mouth like a retard
My kyu as a gangster ...bad boy with a lollipop.....and that scar ....im so in love with that man can he be my gangster for all eternity??
Hi I'm a 16 year old guy and I envy you, it's weird but yeah hahahh ??? Who are you! Let's be friends man! twitterurl
Man United's plane had to abort its landing 400m above the runway as they flew to Germany for the Champions League tie with Bayer Leverkusen
Can I hang out with everyone when I get back to SG I mean like yolo man let's just be friends and hang, what dya say?
Man goes missing in waters off Changi country club: The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore said it is cu... twitterurl
Mums, it???s time to reward your man. Take it up a notch and surprise him with erotic sex that he will definitely... twitterurl
Seeing people dancing at scape dancing just now reminds me of my poppin mates. I miss dance sessions with them man :(
Fate of man many Indonesians hope can revamp world's 3rd biggest democracy (Jokowi) lies in hands of one woman (Mega) twitterurl
so who the hell gave my number to a stranger & told him that im firdaus? haha just who the hell man.
Fucking sian man. My birthday got school, got UT. But at least after everything got hotel check in and zoukout heh
??twitterusername Women have a biologic ability to tell whether a man is lying or being honest based on the way he stands.??? Don't lie to me
Lol hunger games too easy knew the twice when that guy. Came .. too draggy and unrealistic and she kiss another man when she said she love
I'm in email correspondence with a boy who is probably seroconverting and losing weight very fast now. Wtf man. Why why why.
do you think bigbang did plastic surgery? ??? Big Bang arh... Idk man.. Cannot say no , but even if they did, a lo... twitterurl
Women kill me with the " I just want an honest man" drop that honesty on they ass too much and it's "You're Heartless"blah blah "I hate you"
Come on man... at least you don't want to worry about being hit by a stupid driver and possibly losing a life right? Lighten up guys..
[CNA] Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl: A father of two who held t... twitterurl #singapore
I only cry when i really have to. I had enough crying over a broken heart because of a guy. Fuck that shit man.
No I want you in underwear! Or at least your brother ... ??? Ew what,friends with benefits not on Ask.fm man. I fi... twitterurl
I won't take what's not mine. You have my word. I don't break promises. Not every girl in this world would dream for the same man.
I won't take what's not mine. You have my word. I don't break promises. Not every woman in this world would dream for the same man
Happy birthday pak RT twitterusername Happy birthday to you , the greatest man in our life. Nothing's change our love for you, Papa ???"
[TheVerge] 'Mega Man' spiritual successor coming to PS4 and Xbox One after smashing Kickstarter goal: Mighty No. 9, the??new side-scro...
[ST] Teenager stabbed at Lot One mall in Choa Chu Kang: October 02, 2013 10:38 AMA 19-year old man ... twitterurl #singapore
Teenager stabbed at Lot One mall in Choa Chu Kang: October 02, 2013 10:38 AMA 19-year old man was stabbed at L... twitterurl
Hey man! I was wondering why you're so familiar and now I realized that you're the guy from... ??? That's..me alright twitterurl
"twitterusername Man Utd lack quality: Manager Moyes twitterurl uhh.. Its the same team that won the title last year..What quality?
What makes you fall really hard on your date? ??? Idk man. There's no reason. When I really love someone so much, ... twitterurl
ruined.(LOL,if u get what I mean) but I had a great day,really. except for sun burn,ouch man. twitterusername
Man City Micah Richards admitted Bayern were excellent at the Etihad but insisted the Blues are better than they showed in the 3-1 defeat
Do you think about me? Polly do you think about me? YOU KNOW I'D LOVE TO SEE YOU!!! (Stuck in my freaking head man) xD
" hardwork gives no excuses " just freaking send rachel home she didnt perf her best thats too bad what in th farking world man
Baru nak ajak do lepak stuff and there she is being all rajin oh no i'm the only pig around man.
FT:Man City 1-3 Bayern Munich,Shakhtar 1-1 Man Utd,Bayer Leverkusen 2-1 real sociedad,Juventus 2-2 Galatasaray,Real Madrid 4-0 Copenhagen
[News] Cause of death of man found in trolley bag, uncertain says coroner: The cause of death of Wong Teck Sio... twitterurl
Man United manager David Moyes felt his side were unfortunate not to become the 1st English side to win in the CL away to Shakhtar Donetsk.
Cold turkey is hard but that's the best choice man you gotta believe and have that strong will for yourselves, and course banyak berdua
I kept my promise ! (Mdm Anisa if u see this) HAHA it's a one man show with over 40+ cupcakes ~ all?? twitterurl
[Y!FB] A 37-year-old Chinese man was sentenced to 6 years in prison today for forcing a...: A 37-ye... twitterurl #singapore
But I dun dare to take the risk of changing a new job. New job. New environment.  New stuff need to.learn.  plus studies..  oh man...
Hey! I'm the FSV student here. I think I came in clas... ??? It's not easy man. It's not an audition or anything. ... twitterurl
Spent the whole day filming music video for 1MRT with twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername Joseph and Kent. FIGHT SCENES MAN FIGHT SCENES.
i need to?? pack my room hahaha (this is forever on my to-do list whether it's promos or not omg forever messy pigsty man)
Got into taxi this morn with young man who took year-long sabbatical from his corporate job to drive cab. Says he gets called "Uncle" a lot.
the guy from the gig, i miss u sia. HAHAHAHAHAHAH siala u protect me all sia how can i not be touched man
was suppose to go out with jan today but i woke up late and suddenly didnt feel like gg out hahahahahahaa sry man
Three hours. No (toilet) breaks. Me, twitterusername , #MUFC man Paul Parker, every EPL goal. Got the lot. Game on, 9.30pm, twitterusername Mio app
Why Give Flowers?: Flowers have long been a symbol of love and care. Traditionally, a man gives a woman flower... twitterurl
No man wat is jamie can eat or not you mean like jamie cook the coolest c... ??? You're definitely Jamie. Luv u James twitterurl
If one day we got a house and only friends . Just friends . without parents . Is like so coool man . Likea friendyfamily .
There is something about human faith that makes a wo/man do things that science cannot explain. Something beyond confines of laws of physics
People like that (E.G. twitterusername show that TONE is all you need man screw punctuation we all needs to be ECONOMICAL with characters
Agree, one man can't move a mountain twitterusername but summon an army if he need to, mate. With those budget, he can employ such people?
Wondering why I started my HPV rant? It's bec I chanced upon this documentary abt a man living with extreme HPV twitterurl
The fucked up moments when im hungry at night, i will imagine about GOOD & AMAZING FOOD ohh man. Why cant it be during the day zzzz.
Shit ah! You man the jerk and you girl the very super jerk! Stop gaming my girl! Stupid. Stop playing around with others feeling. Ba wau doh
Yeah! I know that, because you already found the man. Hehe. I will waiting until january'14 to get good news from you hahah twitterusername
"twitterusername You think a WOMAN invented "Hit it & Quit it" ?? NO cuz if she fuck you she really likes you.. A MAN was the 1st to do that"
The Pak Guard Revolution , star : Pak Man , Mat Yo , Bini Dia . Why must "Bini Dia" ? Hahaha not yet famous but soon coming .
Oh btw finally finished reading Katsuragi's route today! Haha this man is too adorable. Subaru & Kaiji spice up the route too hehehe
The one who never skip his solah, keep remind his girl about Allah and try so hard to be a perfect man. :) twitterusername
All I see is that the man died a lonely death in a dark cubicle. Do you need to talk about what happens in the other rooms? No.
remember, when you have a shitty day, there's a poor NS man going through GCC, and a poor OCT doing scorpion king. :)
this charger is so fked man i just plugged in for 4 seconds suddenly from 8% become 98% wtf bro this aint a generator
??twitterusername Red hair is the rarest human hair color known to man. Only 1 to 2 % of the population are red-heads!??? cc twitterusername
"twitterusername Isit just me or lately the Running Man eps had some repeated parts??" I think the PDs ran out of ideas already
Good thing im a girl of the 21 century not of the ancient times....if I was forced to marry a man I dont love I rather die
For what? Man Jesus "twitterusername Some people on Twitter are so bitter that they will do anything to destroy someone's reputation."
Dead stressed man. Cramming phy/chem for tomorow. Then how am I supposed to study history and maths for tuesday? Fuck
What you call a guy who are pretty good looking but with a stocky meaty body? ??? A very attractive man. twitterurl
Give man utd a break will you? They keep winning silverware the past few years and have been producing quality players.
??twitterusername It takes a real man to realize that he made a mistake but an even better one to make things right again.???
A night to remember at Jb when a man is down in an accident,  the whole village rush down at scene to help out. Not by STOMPING.
Should've just spent the night with Seha man partying is definitely no longer my thing but whatever wa tetap sayang sama ni anak.
I never meant to start a war, i just wanted you let me in ??? In where ? No man fck off go. Go home. twitterurl
describe shazlin ??? one of my bbys. i love her more than i love daisies. man, she is amazing. really cool, fun to... twitterurl
I am not here to find a boyfriend. Please respect that. Maybe yall can try the other HIV+ guys, some seem to be desperate for a man/penis.
Ok downloaded the wrong version of the movie. Now i hav to wait till it finishes downloading. So shall skip to Man Of Steel.
Omg Daichi's "you can bring it to my house sometime" is so much doki-doki I cannot even this man is so adorable
Im not a good girl at all....so sorry young boys I'm not really a cute innocent child looking for prince charming I'm looking for a man
Everyone is watching running man while me... I can't even get up from my bed bc of my bad headache *sigh*
"twitterusername This is not what I expected when I asked her to put her hand on my knob. Haha twitterusername twitterusername oh man! Hahah
your bf always busy with soccer and no time for you. ... ??? how would u know? i think he's trying his best to man... twitterurl
Jail, caning for 6 men who beat unemployed man to death: October 14, 2013 11:55 AMSix men were on Monday given... twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername heard your finished with yer man, ya alright Hun? If you need a penis to lean on just gimme a shout!??? DEO
I hate when peepul keep saying such a bad things about kpop or whatsoever tht related to kpop but they watch running man and say its gud. BS
Packing Camera stuff for today POP day! Here i come marina! Training to be a camera man. Snap for my?? twitterurl
Man honestly it's to manu ways out here to get money find u a job or a hustle! Dont sit around looking sad cause u broke
Man honestly it's to many ways out here to get money find u a job or a hustle! Dont sit around looking sad cause u broke
Finally man. HMV Singapore (twitterusername has their own Twitter page. Didn't go down to the City Hall branch for a very very very long time.
In romance, there's nothing more attractive to a man than a woman who has dignity and pride in who she is.
"twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show his girl how much she means to him. Even after he's got her."
Caring for the caregivers: July 06, 2013 12:09 AMLAST week, there were reports of an elderly Singaporean man w... twitterurl
Aww this twitterusername so sweet.keeping me updated about man u game cause he told me to watch my husband play against Granada
Kinda embarrassing talking thru voice memos due to my fucking weird voice. Can't believe I sounded like that, ANNOYING MAN VOICE.
WHAT HAPPENED OMG ??? some fucking retarded old man hit the bus driver fr being like from China so now everyone ha... twitterurl
shit if she dont like you she dont like you, stop being so emo and cursing bitches. be a goddamn man. twitterusername twitterurl ni
It affects me so much i lock myself up in th room most of the time doing nothing. I shouldnt, man.
oh man beijing to Singapore is 6 hours. should have just flown from korea to shanghai oh but i've a gig tomorrow in sg
A man who can expound such philosophies should be running an organization not those who only want to excel in sloganeering!
With twitterusername thank q for the cupcake! I'm gonna miss you man smoking/ talking tgt sigh see you at camp!!! twitterurl
I see. You twerk for private viewing only eh.. Good man.. RT twitterusername twitterusername haha I've retired after I got married hahha
[CNA] Man jailed 15 months for slashing attack: A 22-year-old odd-job worker was on Tuesday sentenc... twitterurl #singapore
Because I want a man to eat my hole just like jn the good ole days. Yeah baby, eat my hole, sloppily please, make me quiver.#TMI
Ohh god Kwanghee!! LOL ...twitterusername but seriously I like a man like Hee Cheol ...say what he thinks if he likes a girl he doesn't hesitate
Bae's stage ALWAYS get to be skipped by me whenever I watch concert DVDs, cannot tahan his swagness anymore. Too cheesy man. Too oily.
ada peminat tarik dia off the stage and she told the security guards to calm down and let the man enjoy the concert
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge.
Will/have you ever sing/sang to a girl? You will melt her <3 ??? No man. I won't want a melted girl. twitterurl
Top off gettin topped off make her Suck til she get lock jaw man she knock a nigga socks off afta dat she gettin dropped off.! -Johnny
INTO??? RT twitterusername JUST IN: South Korean troops has fatally shot a man trying to swim across a border river into North Korea
Running Man ep163 is out and I still have so much hmwk to do. Haiz guess I have to watch it on Thursday ;____;
"The pointless chase of materialistic gains that every man was damned to go through led the author to lose faith" -Youhei the top EL student
Waiting for this baby tua to sleep then i'm gonna spend my night at work by watching online movies or old episodes of running man
[TheVerge] You can afford your Sriracha obsession because of this man: Sriracha is everywhere, but David Tran ??? CEO of its maker, Huy...
2005 after reading a romance novel - "aww that's so sweet.. The girl is so witty and she finally gets her man of her dreams! Aww" 2013 af...
I dont see how keeping quiet is tough man can everyone just shutup im fucking tired dont make me rage at you
But my biggest nightmare after that would probably be rain and the crystals will start rotting and dropping off. I will cry man.
don't know what is your problem I didn't even do anything to you man whatever hate on me all u want psychotic crazeball
Yeah man! RT twitterusername Finding a reason to live on, to not be ashamed of what I really am, and not to give up.
ZE:A junyoung(twitterusername )-Preview1 twitterurl twitterusername I can not with this man how can he sit still and look so adorable
I have absolutely nothing expensive to boast about but it doesnt matter cos having a man like you is priceless and Im proud to show you off.
Fahrin Ahmad - claimed to be a fan of Man City before and now he's with Cardiff City. Last year ATM and now JDT. #BigTimeLalang
Hi twitterusername I have a feeling you're going to be one of my favorite singers for many years to come. You're awesome, man!
I can never become accustomed 2 a man providin financially unless I kno they puttN a ring on this finger. #beenthere #donethat #itfucksyouUP
Wah that sexy lady with her man so polite :) . Say thank you with my name :) . Gonna find a gorgeous woman like you :) .
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is considering fielding striker Luis Suarez at Man United in the League Cup after his ban ends next week.
It really sucks when you've got 1 last question to go and your com fucks up & you can't finish your online quiz in time srsly man WTF!!!
But it's something they do not want to discuss. And the interesting thing is that they don't want to do anything with another man.
[INFO] RACE START! Singapore Autograph session, Only the first 400 CAT 1 holders will get ONE autograph by ONE random Running Man member.
Aiya whatever with life man. Not gonna handle this kind of shit anymore. Too tired to explain and talk it out.
YOu are just a fat fuck store man with a fuck face so you should shut your trap and go back to your miserable life
"You might be married to the worst man on earth, like Asiah who married Firaun (Pharoah), but it didn't change her (aqidah)"
How Your Man Looks To You vs How He Looks To Everyone Else. W/ Donnivin Jordan & twitterusername (S/B: twitterusername twitterurl
Pour tout mes dope boyz swagg , mes Wave Addict  , mes ink , mes Bear man , ce soir c'est La Nocturne au Libertalia #RT #RT #RT #RT #RT
Either catching up on free & brocon episodes tonight OR reading portrait of the artist as a young man. Hahaha which one hmmm
"Mr Lee is a man who has both done good and made errors. To give him the acknowledgement that he deserves, we... twitterurl
actually cannot blame Moyes ah bcos he just join in, even Sir Alex took some years to make man utd suceed.
WHOA. What a goal. Rooney. Free kick. With that he has become Man Utd's top scorer in Manchester derbies. #clapsclaps #class
Spending my night at work by watching random videos on youtube or online movies or maybe old episodes of running man
I still prefer................ Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. The best man in the world. Not just football but EVERYTHING AT ONCE
Somali jihadis ask an Indian man: 'What is name of Muhammad's mother?' When he couldn't answer they just shot him." twitterurl
An old malay man was looking thru a book with his picture on it ages ago, he was a lieutenant back then. he was so proud of himself :')
LOL. Hello.. '94 again? RT twitterusername How come Lee Man Hon not in the #SOSCup veteran squad ?! Legend! ... And V.Selvarag too!
Who cares if you are a National Team player's wife or anybody's wife? The old man did not even recognised your husband let alone you.
You're not legal): "twitterusername twitterusername nice guy that know when to be soft and when to be a man? Das me"
[CNA] Man jailed 8 months after punching cabby who ran over dog: Angered by a comment a cabby made ... twitterurl #singapore
A man said his credit card was stolen but he decided not to report it because the thief was spending less than his wife did
[TheVerge] Bradley Manning, twitterurl and a Lego world record: 90 Seconds on The Verge: The Lego man gazed down upon his...
I was 8 "twitterusername ??twitterusername Lemme stop hoeing on Twitter so I can find a man??? u said that in 2003 when I met u"
This teacher cannot make it man. I was doing so badly for the reading and my conversation was so short he said I'm fine? Really bitch really
Lol. That ccb coward don't dare face this problem as a man. Want do things then don't delete off lah. If I see you, you sure kena.
So Josh came over,we made ww2 kimchi noodles like a man and now he's staying over BEST FRIENDS FOREVER <3
Dat bish claimed i was using my phone just cause my left hand was under the table. Then she took my phone. Like wtf man
i guess its true pain changes people but it certainly does not give u the right to ba bitch about everything man
So the 2nd engineer said if I'm signing off there must be a party. Fuck man I'm not buying all the engineers drinks
Stupid bitches "twitterusername Why y'all bitches think its cute to broadcast you fucking some other bitch man or even talking to him? Tf"
People calling me asking am I gone b able to get them in #PrettyWednesday already lol man the party ain't til tomorrow
Suddenly realised how meaningless my life is. Doing stuff that I don't even want to do for the rest of my life, and what for man
Sat on the rides that running man did their mission and I feel like puking now. Lols! It's not easy for them !
How many of u know the man beside Chew Chor Meng? #teenageself premieres 16 Sep, Monday, 9pm on #channelu #school twitterurl
Won all 6 sets against lucas today didnt even sweat... that guy dunno what he doing man he can actually play but so inconsistent
I don't remember the things I see but I remember the short static man because he didn't want to harm me, just wanted to stand at the door
Wtf an auntie just bumped into a blind man at the interchange and she 'tsk'ed him. What the fu can u see properly u meanie
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the... twitterurl
[Y!FB] An Australian man was sentenced to seven and a half years in jail after paying f...: An Aust... twitterurl #singapore
An eight-year-old Yemeni child bride, married to a 40-year-old man, died on her wedding night, activists say twitterurl
The ultimate ratchet quotes is " he did that " or when bitches say " she got her man " I dont foo wit hoes that talk like dat lol
one of my junior of science johore came by for raya just now. i was like so excited i even left my running man behind
What about the man in the pic? The girls share the same faith as him, yet they are going to prison but not him?  twitterurl
I just want to leave my whole life and move to an underground cave with a man that loves me and will sing to me....
What's the most interesting object in your room? ??? my bed, i mean I'm not even close to as interesting as it man... twitterurl
Stop hating on the Pindian man. It's his life his cho... ??? Eh at first i got pissed because i thought you scoldi... twitterurl
Yo This Little Boy In The Back Seat Is Cracking Me Up Right Now!! I Love Kids Man I Swear. #DCMG
JOTD: Someone with #CCIE added me in LinkedIn and submitted his CV to me for referral in my place. Like WTF man! #CCIE value down the toilet
"twitterusername My mother did not spend upwards of $20k on my university education so I could act dumb for a boy masquerading as a man"
:o RT twitterusername All I need is just someone who accept my past And always stand beside this stupid man Being idiot togetherlaugh together
Listening to some old rad tracks! Re-play Worthy xxxxxx raping the repeat button Boooom I gotcha your boyfriend I gotcha man! ~~ #90sJam
My dad does everything he can to make me happy. Im so grateful to have such a great man in my life.
The purge is like......  no comments. After watching it... ending was hilarious. Scarry come to thing of it. Sad when the man of housr died
Why should I listen to a kid like her? | me : why should I listen to a boring old man like you?
Watching SmackDown Vs Raw! Three man tag team! John Cena, Sheamus and CM Punk against Undertaker, Triple H and Randy Orton! #TeamRAW
??A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.???\
Till ive gotten my food, and recalling that Army Man paid one extra bread for me, i mean i dont even know him but wow.
Oh..My..God.. twitterusername just looked right at me and said "you're Josh right?" #faint Brilliant man, you can see the heart in his eyes.
People talk about the girl that's waiting on a man. There are no holes in her shoes but a big hole in her world ohhh..
Because I am that one man army. The lone ranger. I don't like having anyone to follow my butt wherever I go. That's why.
Man it not as awesome as chaser ...but I'm addicted with just one listen ....I REALLLY like 1:37 and 1:45 and Dongwoo rap ^^
"twitterusername I bet when Cheetahs race and one of them cheats, the other one goes, "Man, you're such a Cheetah!" and they laugh"
Omg so scary really look so far ahead. I'm prepared to look for the man I will spend rest of my life with. That's 30+ years. Anybody? LOL
When you're infantry-trained, no matter how many items U have, there is nothing that cannot be man-packed & carried on foot. #hooah #SAF #NS
That's asking for aids ??twitterusername Is it ok for a woman to have sex with a bisexual man who has a boyfriend????
Kalau lah malaysia buat variety show mcm two days one night, happy together, running man, and so on. Banyak faedah malaysia dapat!
The Tribune Chandigarh headline reads "Nelson "Gandhi' Mandela" , how stupid, Madiba was a real man, he did take to arms for sake of peace.
"twitterusername twitterusername happy birthday my man! Keep doing what you love!" Thank u sukeli Jones! u keep doing what u love too! Soccer&Gigs
I'm not a fan of Avicii, but aw man Bea. Bea Miller - Wake Me Up Official Video (Avicii Cover): twitterurl via twitterusername
Hahah! Wahhh! What kind of stickers? Do people still ... ??? I do HAHAHA. Why I'm not fierce at all man I'm like a... twitterurl
As a man utd fan the free kick taken by spurs is really smart and beautiful... 1 goal to spurs #bpl
Monday Couple on WGM >> me thinks itz unlikely coz MC is from Running Man (SBS), and WGM is MBC. so.... hmmm....  #fb
So #nigella, it's perjury (why would a fabulously wealthy man bother) sniff it up darling (oh you did that), did your father know?
#ShoutOut To Da Homie twitterusername Man! You Makin MOVE($)! Gotta Share Some Records Wit Chu A.S.A.P Get Back At Me Big Homie! #DCMG
Up till this day, Davichi's 8282 + Accident MV is still the saddest kpop MV story plot I have ever seen man
If one day my children asks, "who is Nelson Mandela dad?".. I will just say, he is the greatest Man alive..:')
Still remember studying and and writing a 3 page essay on him back in school,,  realised how great a man he is..
how do ppl take selfies on a daily basis like if i have one in my phone i will literally delete it and cringe man hahahaha
What! I never knew your standard is so low. You are m... ??? She's pretty in her own ways too man. and that's nice... twitterurl
Nelson Mandela is a rare politician; having courage and vision. A man would would be soon converted in to a myth like Gandhi
If you beat a man in a fight, what would you say to him as you stood right... ??? "I prove you wrong, dickhead" hahah twitterurl
Just fking return it to me. And I swear I won't fking bother you anymore. I'm a man of my word.
Played pool earlier on and it's a tie. yes man yes yes yes can take part in competition already I think hahahaha JOKE
man this is so confusing. i don't like it at all. not one bit. wish i could do something. fucking hate this feeling. goodnight
Hate it when i just woke up and everyone decides to pour out their unhappiness to my face. Like wtf man im groggy and stuff. Never think
OP man me. I slept from 8pm to 11pm, woke up awhile and slept from 11.30pm till now. Shiok shiok shiok
Dont think Man United deserve to win last night. Shakhtar really took the game to them. But United got a chance & scored. #CL
And what more absurd is, them Brits now refuse to acknowledge any responsibility for introducing homophobia onto our native lands. Shit man!
On Dressing Up and Dining Out, the Gilt Man/Aska/BA Way: Bon App??tit editor in chief Adam Rapoport on what he ... twitterurl
The man Andre Villas-Boas replaced at Tottenham, Harry Redknapp, is urging the club to make Tim Sherwood their new boss on a permanent basis
Hassan Mahad Omar who operates out of the Al Amin mosque in Eastleigh is identified as the man paying the grenade throwers.
[ST] Unemployed man jailed 17 months for molesting 16-year-old teen: December 13, 2013 12:47 PMAn u... twitterurl #singapore
wow u rly think people would care abt what u think abt them? ha fuck you. people got better things to do man.
that smile is so worth it ...worth waiting to see in real life the twinkle in the eye the tenderness the joking man
I've not been gg to the gym fr 3months. Should i go or should i not go. Fuck man too many probs.
The world has long accepted the best-man-for-the-job approach but Bharat continues to live by the rank opposite #Modi twitterurl
I am dying watching this episode of Sherlock is this the same man who wrote doctor who I'M TALKING TO YOU MOFFAT
it's barely 8pm and I've already turned my lights out and my eyelids are heavy man this is some fast working medicine
I saw Wolf of Wall Street. It was R21. It still had several big cuts. Strangers are still deciding what I - a 39-year-old man - can  watch
im being general here before anything but seriously man, people should rly stop making others look bad just cus u want a good name????
[News] Pilot jailed 12 weeks for paid sex with underage girl: A commercial pilot on Friday became the 31st man... twitterurl
Cause if oneday you wake up and find that you're missing me ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
watched Delivery Man ? i'm searching the song played when David met his coolest son in the bus, right after his boy was late for his date.
[CNA] Lim Chu Kang murder suspect to be remanded further: A 53-year-old man charged with the murder... twitterurl #singapore
Staff at Four Finger shared that they made so delicious chicken that a five fingered man(duh~) bit one finger while eating.
Watch the video of a man apparently run over by race horses after starting gate opened while he was there twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername ya la ITE rabak just like the student??? aww man im one of the student. So im rabak? Sigh
I am really jealous of other guys who have smaller arms but have fully formed man tits. What you guys eat ah? Papaya is it?
My parents like to make things so complicated. Always asking me how when things can be settled over tea. Wth man!m
Emm but brian and paul are like one man, no one can cast brian o' connor like paul does.. Happy drag drift and other race there dude :)
lol i love the pudge man he was like are u sure u r playing the correct game??? not diner dash but dota?? LOL DEM BURN
#Frozen taught me not to ask for a queen's bless to marry a man that you just met for a day lol
Zack is a man with charisma .. Frank's heart might be exploded in no time . anyway , i wonder how's Sasha doing o_O?
I loved The Cactusflower cover tho. I remember causing a ruckus coz I put Nina's face there hahaha daaaamn memories man memories.
A man was run over and things are getting violent. Right now is not the time for ??damn those bloody foreigners!??? rhetoric. Grow up, please.
X-rated, Elevated, Butt Naked, And I'd Probably Fuck Ya Daddy If Ya Mami Wun Playa Hating. She hit that man.
"twitterusername In 2007, a man from West Scotland was arrested for having sex with his bike in a hotel room." WTF seriously??
I Just Be Waiting For Common Sense To Kick In With Certain Ppl. . . That Will Be The Day Huh Man #DCMG
My timeline full of Man Utd fans reassuring each other to stay calm and that everything is going to be OK.
You looked away at me again, waving your right hand in a 'shooing' motion. That signifies how you viewed me to be a dumb man.
have to be awake at 10 but I'm still not asleep. man I literally need 9-10 hours of sleep actually hahahah
Tony tan is just a president at the wrong time and wrong place. Dont blame the man lahh okay merry christmas guiseee hehe
y old man never go n bake cheese cake 4 us?it's been 5 years since the day he stop baking cheese cake 4 us
wow working adults. watching a old man having difficulty standing on the train right infront of them and they refuse to give up their seats.
Arsenal and Man City are monitoring the situation of Real Madrid 'keeper Casillas as he continues to find himself sidelined at the Bernabeu.
[TheVerge] After nearly being sold, legendary Superman illustrator's artwork heads to JFK Museum: A 50-year saga of a man and his com...
i wanna watch running man but my little sister is playing star wars & my other sister is playing the sims. GREAT
IDK. Just another customer. Haha.. RT twitterusername twitterusername HAHA who's the guy in a Man Utd jersey? Sit so near to the TV!
[TheVerge] Foursquare bounces back with $35 million in new funding: New York startup Foursquare is something of the odd man out among...
[Y!FB] The police are looking for a 33-year-old man named Harvinder Kaur, who is the su...: The pol... twitterurl #singapore
My right hand, my leading man, my heart, my big brother.. F what you thought, what you heard or what?? twitterurl
that poor man nobody here cares and also our house stinks right now bc we're getting rid of heaps of expired food hahaha
yo dork twitterusername you should act more like this!!!! twitterurl It wayyyyy cute and i would stop calling you old man!!!
Harini di pdg besar..i just bought two jersey.. one is arsenal home kit N another one is man city home kit.. enough for today.alhamdulillah
Donations pour in for blind man and hero dog after subway fall: NEW YORK (Reuters) - A hero guide dog and his ... twitterurl
After a 10 days straight of seeing the man. Today we rest! Or maybe just me resting uh. My body cannot take it. Heh
Oh my, how rude of me. I shouldn't have done that, he actually deserved that judgement. Oh man, do I feel sorry for him.
so I wrote a review on dad's corner dishes on fb, suprisingly the owner screenshot and posted on his timeline.lololol shyyyy man. hehe
just had to watch ailee again with the simple hair and simple makeup and simple dress man she got it all looks and a voice to die for
Man a mf hit my line and I'm always there but I swear there's a select few willing to do the same
Congrats to my man who got great o level results and manage to get into poly. Im so proud of you babe.?? twitterurl
im gonna check my vine & watch running man later. bye people. ouh yeah, thank u for lending ur eyes reading my tweets.
Juventus extended their Serie A winning run to a club record 11 matches as they came from behind to comfortably beat 10-man Cagliari.
the fuck r u doing w ur life man seriously just throw a fucking diamond away and pick up a grain of sand LU BEZ
??A cab driver in the city of Sendai picked up a sad-faced man who asked to be taken to an address that no longer existed.???
The #1 comment hahahahaha RT twitterusername Jun Ji Hyun and Lee Soo Man rank as the #1 expensive building owners twitterurl
It took nearly an entire half and one man short to finally find a meaningful penetration with quick passes. Another half to equalise?
Wishing me to have a man in my life or be happily married with kids god I cant even look after myself let alone a baby
"twitterusername two years after losing his wife to cancer, a man re-created his wedding photos with their young daughter twitterurl
Still deciding if I should tie my hair up instead cos my hair's terrible and fringe is too long oh man oh dear what to do
for some girls who posted a question about if we, boys, look like Calvin Klein's model.. I'm proudly say "I wear GT MAN.." haha... :p
Elderly man found injured at Expo MRT station was not hit by a train, police clarifies: In a revised statement... twitterurl
Pacific Rim has a single female character that's only allowed to fulfil her potential once a dude says so, and only with a man by her side.
Omg iphone batt seriously gotta buckup man. I just charged like 30mins ago not full but like 84 nw its 44. Annoying fuck.
Pretty sure that's what I would do too if I had that suit! RT twitterusername Iron man taking full advantage of his suit twitterurl
I was trying not to think of you today. But the man standing before me at the cashier just now, he was wearing your perfume.
To the man wearing a #ManUtd champions 20 jersey, I love the club but maybe that shirt needs to be hidden away for now.
Could you go for the rest of your life without drinking alcoho... ??? YES MAN. Why do I need alcohol when i have you? twitterurl
Cause i believe communication is the key to a strong ... ??? Yeah man. things happened. now i just have to go with... twitterurl
Audi Motorsport reveals nine-man team for WEC series: Audi has to replace the now-retired Allan McNish: Audi M... twitterurl
If you're gonna explain off someone's answer then might as well you don't be a facilitator. Be a bookie or something la old man
He knows better ??twitterusername Females, how awkward is it when ya weed man try to be a little more than ya dealer????
Oh man.. Ms Ang called me regarding the Rainbow Connection 2014 & she wanted me to present regarding my Industrial Attachment in SBS Transit
i'm an exostan but i don't have any exo merch because yang hyun suk took all my money before lee soo man gave birth to exo kkkk
"fuck off man u fans" oooo says the fans that has been on united fans's ass after every lost we had. lol
War News Updates > It's Getting Worse In Venezuela: A man walks past big samples of Venezuelan bank notes at t... twitterurl
Have fun back in Aussie! Thanks and can always count on you! You da best man cause who would accompany?? twitterurl
Nvm. Since David Moyes started as Man United manager in a haywire situation, i'll forgive him. But next season we want him to buck up.
If you cant win against the worst performing Man Utd side in 20+ years, you don't deserve to win the league.
LMAO?? where did that rumor come from? i must have missed something lol.. Dongjun looks like actress Han GaIn, but his personality is too man
Inter director Piero Ausilio has confirmed that the Serie A side would be interested in signing Nemanja Vidic from Man United this summer.
Man City boss Manuel Pellegrini doesn't think Chelsea are now favourites for the league, despite going top of the table at the weekend.
My little fat baby girl Hope is having a skin issues. Fur loss, and all. Oh man. Skin problem on pets are the most complicated thing.
Not having to do anything while waiting an update ep or chapter of Naruto, HIMYM, Running Man and Au Haru Ride pretty much killing me.
So, his alleged "mistress" boasted about an affair with an older man in politics a few months after coming to power?
Wtf on the train and i thought what touch my butt was a bag. So i ignored it, cb is this fuckin man hands. Wtfff.
After the jog and a short statics, took a break and enjoy the evening breeze. Apparently an elderly man started a convo with me.
Cardiff City boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is remaining coy on his interest in signing Man Utd duo Wilfried Zaha and Fabio.
I find it really annoying when a Malay guy/girl talk to me w their fake accent. lol no man, staph
Oh man my fitness is getting from bad to worse.. Either that or I'm really not feeling well. Can't wait to fully train!
My brother once mad at me when i watch running man. But know he's the one who laughing alone at night watching it. Ha ha ha.
I look like some mad man. Don't try to get on my nerves I'll shit on your face cause I've shit this morning.
If you were going to do karaoke tonight, what song would ... ??? a song for someone there, the man who can't be moved twitterurl
I hate it when they ask me to do insta posting cuz I have to log out of mine and all that and like just fuck you man.
I'm not gonna text you first anymore for a while... We'll see if you actually care & will be a man & text a lady first...
CBS > India woman gang raped on orders of village council of elders over affair with man of different religion twitterurl #news
"twitterusername twitterusername wah like that ah? ??" Then what send to your house 1 box of Pizza is it? Amboi i'm not a delivery man ok! Hahaha :D
"twitterusername Lol does Willis know the total man has made millions from suing media houses? For libel and shit like that?" He does not.
Just admit it, the man is a genius. No not Anton Casey, Jose Mourinho. My column in twitterusername today #cfc #MUFC #epl
sorry guys? the thing that i ate just now was my sister bolognese, that man seems to make a mistake about it (crap)
I wanted to buy man united jersey bcos I love the collar lol but my dad was like "this is ANFIELD eh, rmbr that" HAHAHA
Dare to do. Dare to admit. Don't shy. You're not a girl or a lady. Be a man, do the right thing.
??twitterusername Jos?? Mourinho: "We are not afraid of him doing well at Man United, we want him to be happy and do well for them." MMDAP SIAL
Jose Mourinho confirms that Juan Mata is having a medical at Man Utd. Deal should be confirmed in a matter of time.
[CNA] Worker collapses and dies at NTU: A 49-year-old man was found dead at Nanyang Technological U... twitterurl #singapore
Juan Mata's club-record ??37m transfer to Man United has been delayed until Chelsea complete the acquisition of Mohamed Salah from FC Basel.
Saya tak minum coke RT twitterusername "twitterusername Coca Cola can reduce a man???s sperm count by up to 30%." cc _abdlrshd
Wa someone NP model siol RT twitterusername "Whatever the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve." twitterurl
Well done to twitterusername on winning our Man of the Match poll on his debut, with 68 per cent of the votes. #mufcmata twitterurl
Can say smth else like walk faster or bells going to ring or smth man stop shouting hurry up for 10 mins straight
"Take a knee thank The Man, take a piss and wash my hands, and get back to the money" twitterusername 5) Every morning I _________
I can read emotion just by looking into the eyes, that picture or Mr Munir the truck drive really tugged my heartstrings. He is a good man.
Cb sia, why is it hard to make Man City lose at home?! Adoooooi!!! This time, Watford almost did it. So unlucky...
HAHAHA RT twitterusername If you were sleeping between a beautiful girl and a gay man, who's side would you turn your back to?
This man lost his balance while the bus was stopped and he accused her of driving too fast=_= when the bus is not even moving
Bro what happened to you? You were in ncc last time. ??? haha bro being in ncc doesn't mean you're a man. neither ... twitterurl
Sorry lads.. Thought you guys were kidding! Haha RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername kena bubble by this old man twitterusername cabut & went home...
Dislike people dragging things, if you don't want it just tell me. No need ignore my text LOL. Be more man abit can.
Dance - The Ordinary Man: Sun 16 Feb Inspired by the Chinese art of crosstalk, this work is also a clever conv... twitterurl
Hey twitterusername this man Arjvil Kejriwal is one pretty crafty politico! I love his chess moves. Could he be the PM I'm two months?
One way to love your fellow man on #valentinesday is to become an #organdonor! #organdonorday - share the love (and everything else)
Just saw a blind man at the gym on the elliptical exercising; he's holding the bars & moving. What excuse is there for anyone else?
when i saw some ppl use their touch screen phone use point finger all the times are gedik including man. use thumbs more stable and fast k.
Man! What a way to go! "twitterusername When a male honey bee climaxes during sex, his testicles explode and he dies."
#lifestyle #news: A case of molest on the MRT?: Man is caught on video standing too close to woman twitterurl #singapore
I don't mean to be unsympathetic, but I was made the middle man of that whole thing and it was just a confusing episode of my life.
They'll spend hours analyzing Arsenal or Man U games. Every kick, run, goal...but won't do the same for more important issues.
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? ??? The perks of being a bipolar. HAHAHAHA idk man twitterurl
Oh my last night really drank too much... I was like a.drunk man trying to act sober. hahahahah anw good afternoon guys!
And I still hope one day Rev Z can solemnize my wedding. It'll be so much more meaningful to have the same man who solemnized my parents'.
What shocked me the most is that my dad (the most aloof man who doesn't speak or smile to most of my friends) actually invited him over to
In love with my boyfriend day by day. He is the man that I love the most currently. And I want it to be permanent.
Fuck man, if only I got more time to learn integration of parts fucking shag sia poly life. 2 weeks to learn abt integration, next week exam
When we are not sure what sin is, we do well 2 review Christ's list of "all these evil things" that come from "within & make a man unclean."
Gosh that "owner" is being an asshole man RT twitterusername Woman charged with disorderly behaviour kicks up ruckus in court twitterurl
[News] Man accused in Sheng Siong kidnap case deemed fit to make plea: One of the two men accused of kidnappin... twitterurl
[News] Spider-Man and stars to join Earth Hour event in S'pore: Stars from the superhero movie The Amazing Spi... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Obama jokes about creating 'Iron Man,' but military is already doing it: President Obama dropped quite the news at a press...
Traditional Asian values were such that the man of the house can marry as many wives as he can & have as many male lovers as he wished.
Feeling very feverish after being thrown out in the sun for almost the whole day i hate Ifc and outfield man
yea man we're doing a good thing cos the money goes to people in need of help and we get our stuff cheap. NT SO BAD EH
My principle is wah if I can suck up gahmen money to get subsidy for education plus network with rich people I'm like why not man
I don???t know much about this whole #Oscars thing but Leo not winning again must be kinda hard for him. Your time will come man. #manhug
Been a long time comin, back to the gym and hopefully for match fitness for some futsal withthe dc man?? twitterurl
Is either th facial product or I touch my stupid old man and I use my hand to apply my facial product. Shit. Really damn itchy grrr.
Man arrested for alleged cheating at Marina Bay Sands casino: March 02, 2014 9:22 PMPolice have arrested a 30-... twitterurl
Sometimes, that notorious-yet-romantic kinda personality makes a man seem so attractive eh? In old but young-looking men especially. Why?
Looking at this match reminds me of Man Utd vs Liverpool so many fights in a match yet so interesting and so fun lol
If every Sunday work with this amount of energy sacrificed and the man power is forever this little. I cannot agree more than to not work.
Fck the government who always underestimate the brilliant idea which coming from people like us! One day we will take the control, OLD MAN!!
ROFL RT??twitterusername Every man wants a wife who is beautiful, understanding, economical and a good cook. But law allows only one wife.???
OmniROM dev working on Moto X-like always-on listening mode for the Nexus 5:  Guillaume Lesniak, the man behind th...  [AndroidAuthority]
"When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away".
According to my man, he chose the date based on our birthdates. 230393 - 081091 = 1493. Year 2014, 9th of march. Heh so smart hor this fella
"O you bout ya business, well tell me man, whats the hold up? Waitn on a handout, yea u trippn.. that's for sure bruh! "
When people let me hold their phone, I like changing their lock screens to a picture of that man in gauze from Courage the Cowardly Dog lol
A man cheats for new pussy. He's still coming back at the end of the day. when a chick cheats she's actually tryna replace you
Ni date dia bila? Oh come on man nampak sgt you hide the date RT??twitterusername Relax je aku miss flight #MH370 twitterurl
Be a man and stop acting like a coward, you don't expect me to clear your shit. If you got the balls to do it then face it
Prev RT i mean that is the correct way man not get some funny bomoh making a fool out of themselves its stupid as fuck
Man City manager Pellegrini insists he did not deserve the Uefa touchline ban imposed on him following his outburst at ref Jonas Eriksson
[News] Man found guilty of corrupt ??buy-back??? deal to be sentenced on Apr 17: A bunkering executive found guil... twitterurl
It was so creepy just now that theres this man in the male toilet standing in front of a cubicle from I first enter till I finished changing
Was a little upset during the launch cos I thought he changed but inside there are still illustrations. Relieved man twitterurl
In India he would be awarded Viraat Hindu ratan MT "twitterusername  Man arrested for attacking Sikh professor in New York twitterurl ??
LOL??twitterusername Priyanka says Cong not a one man party. Agreed it's 2 1/2 men party. Two men Sonia & Priyanka half Rahul??? #epic
OH MAN. WHAT HAVE I BEEN CARRYING?!?!?! RT twitterusername It???s illegal to carry a Bible or to talk to anyone about Jesus Christ. (Singapore)"
Boi I realised I have been chatting with an angel leh. You hv a big heart and great patience man. No wonde... ??? Huh twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername yg aku tau relay is used in circuit to act as switch fr an isolated high voltage supply." Educated man right here
Just now somebody stoopid Indian man Whatsapp me and asked me if I've IT jobs. Bro, you read my job advertisement wrongly. >???<
This duty manager fak lah it's the holidays man come on ah don't be too on the ball ah chill the fuck out a lil please
Do you know the man in the photo? Elderly woman is looking for her son she lost contact with 40 years ago twitterurl twitterurl
Just dyed my hair black last week i think, and now its already a lil brownish. Fuck man! Whats wrong with you!!
I don't know man. This MH370 saga has got me worried and all teared up. True, we don't know nobody on that plane, but what if we did?
we don't deserve to get fourth, i don't mind trading places with man utd in the table, we deserve to be there.
[Y!FB] A 65-year old man has been arrested after a vehicle arriving from #Malaysia dash...: A 65-ye... twitterurl #singapore
How funny when my ex stalks me and he thought that my life is getting worst without him. You're wrong, man. I'm happy living without you ???
3 handsome man. My bro and my uncles that never fail to make me smile. Hehe??? when my brother at age 18 not handsome twitterurl
The madrasah girl was probably worrying about what would happen to her if her school found out. But ey 13 popcorn bags man business is good.
How do you get those veins poppin from your arms man ??? I think it's like vascular ! They just pop out naturally twitterurl
Here???s YOUR once-in-a-lifetime chance to catch the cast of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 LIVE, ri... ??? where the cast????? twitterurl
Love is waking up to see my man cooking for me to nurse my hangover. It's confirmed that he'll do the?? twitterurl
He sure knows how to get cosy on train: Man wraps himself in sleeping bag and goes to sleep twitterurl twitterurl
:D RT twitterusername It's confirmed, Man From The Star actor Kim Soo Hyun will be coming to Singapore on 27th April 2014!
[Y!FB] The stars of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are here! Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone and...: The star... twitterurl #singapore
Martin Demichelis: 2 tr???n ?????u cup mang v??? cho ?????i b???n 2 qu??? penalty. Tr???c ti???p d??m Man City ??? 2 ?????u tr?????ng :))
Sixth man to plead guilty to his role in the Little India riot jailed 18 weeks: April 01, 2014 12:25 PMA sixth... twitterurl
Found someone shared these photos of Dee Kosh kissing some dude. Must be his man or someone he's dating currently? :) twitterurl
w/e la. Time to dota with friends. Get my mind off this fucking poly experience. It's over man, just over.
A man seeks closure from the police after being arrested two years ago for an offense that he insist he has not... twitterurl
No matter how much messages you Whatsapp me, I won't response. No response means nothing to continue the conversation. What a stupid man.
Kris said as a man, he brought books. Chen said "it's just for deco" so Kris started reading but held it upside down twitterurl
[News] Cast, crew of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" wow fans at Marina Bay Sands: The cast and crew of "The Amazin... twitterurl
Cause uhhh...my man cook and fix my food for me...and I do the same. As long as we're eating together!
I am so happy 'cause somebodybis starting to listen to Dark Days album man im no longer a freak they will be known fuck yes!
A liverbird upon my chest | we are man of shankly's best | a team that plays a liverpool way | and win the championship in may | #YNWA
Money only impresses lazy girls. When a woman works hard, a man with money is a bonus, not a ladder to upgrade.\
Never understood lying because if I'm asking I already know the truth I just want to see if you're going to be man enough to tell the truth
wa what's the problem man wtf my phone's battery is still stuck at 25% after charging for more than an hour
[News] Four arrested after brawl in Paya Lebar: Four male foreigners suspected of being involved in a 10-man b... twitterurl
YES??twitterusername Men who moan and cuss at the same time during sex are the best kind. I love a man who participates.???
Police are looking for this man to assist in an outrage of modesty case in North Bridge Road twitterurl via twitterusername
[TheVerge] Everybody loses in ping pong match between robot and man: When robot maker Kuka??announced that it would be pitting its Agi...
All this MH370 talk going around smells like conspiracy and bullshit to me. Just let the innocent people go back home man cmon.
Helped out the teacher untill i overlooked at the time, leaving work 10 mins late .. Man i nvr did tat bfre!
Go home to a good man? These days I wanna go home, change into granny panties and comfy shirt and eat many jelly cups without being judged.
Baiklah ??twitterusername So, don't ever fall in love with a good looking man and Mr. Show-myself-off because he is irresponsible. He isn't worth
[TheVerge] Marvel will team up every Spider-Man that ever existed in upcoming event: Marvel today announced that it plans on bringing...
Met a brainless hoodlum standing outside asking me whether is it the ladies' toilet from my exit. DO I LOOK LIKE A FUCKING MAN?
have a terrible headache and barely ate anything today i guess that makes sense man i hate headaches more than anything
Oo im in trouble. I drew a dick on hakim's paper and i forgot to erase it!! Fuck myself man. Hais haha.
Slept on the bus and i didnt realise i was leaning my head on a girl till she pushed me really hard, fuck man i was too tired
Cause if i am like literally awkward,i began to do stupid noises with my mouth and sometimes with my fingers......idk man,im fuck weird.
OKAY....so right now how will mr argent react man?!??! Allison died and he thinks......he is alone but no,KATE IS ALIVE?!?!?!?
after getting to know you, I swear you're shit man. You don't even look good to me anymore. gah. go screw your attitude.
Man in spitting case jailed 5 weeks, fined $800; cried when judge urged him to be good twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername
Someone I don't even know left a stoopid message for me. Saying what I changed much. Siao Liao. Luckily that Indian mad man didn't Whatsapp
Having a second thought, if I were to have lesson in the afternoon.. I'm just doom due to the fact engineering carpark reno. Lame man..
[ST] Man charged with causing death of four along CTE by dangerous driving: April 04, 2014 9:41 AMA... twitterurl #singapore
#lifestyle #news: Man fired after telling his boss off in a note: He was fed up with his boss for n... twitterurl #singapore
knew it still ban from Seoul really man u let me go to Tokyo on my own but not to Seoul no fair
[ST] Undergraduate jailed for a year for sex with 14-year-old boy: April 09, 2014 12:24 PMA man who... twitterurl #singapore
Was watching TV for 1/2 hours and when I stood up and walked to the kitchen I kinda blacked out and fell man wtf. #tuesdays
Like I said the other day... Billy D Williams is still attractive... even as a damn near 80 year old man...
Always have trouble sleeping at night man... and I have to wake up at 3 in the morning. And then survive till 2pm..... what.......
I am just so sad today so i had to watch running man. Dari episode 1. Too sad i cant handle
I want this man name Erahim. where can I find him? Just read his whole article, omg I want him! twitterurl
gonna watch battle star galactica in a minute. i wanna see adama step on cain. like wth man, that woman deserve no admiral.
The Ultimate Warrior has joined Macho Man Randy Savage, Andre the Giant, Mr. Perfect and Ravishing Rick Rude - 5 of my fav wrestlers. :(
To: future unlucky man  who will be willing to be mine (let find him first): Savage Garden: To Moon And Back twitterurl
[TheVerge] Here's the man who's leading Motorola starting today: There's a new person in charge of Motorola Mobility. Rick Osterloh h...
Champions League Quarter Finals 2nd leg: Bayern Munich 3-1 Man United. (Agg 4-2) Atletico Madrid 1-0 Barcelona (Agg 2-1)
All my ships are like fantastic ladies, but then I got a Man O' War and her name is Hercules and it's really confusing.
[PR] Highest Fine For Animal Cruelty: A man was sentenced to a fine of $10,000 for committing animal cruelty i... twitterurl
Muslim Man Gives Needy Bus Rider The Shoes Off His Feet And Walks Home Barefoot -- Because There Is Good In The World twitterurl
#KarpalSingh is that brave man who told Parlimen that Anwar then DPM sodomised his driver, a lawyer who gave his all in Court and a good Pa
If you see me struggling while walking today, chances are i probably am. Wore them heels for the whole day man
He cries a lot that for sure. He should man up and face the consequences for his action for sake of his dead gf's family.
ah man. i can say all i have to say. but at the end of the day, nothing will change and all will stay the exact same.
That fucking attitude of wjm needs to fucking change man. Bitch thinks the whole world owe you ah. Nb how I know how to pay your idiot game
but all above em . i need a man who love Allah more than me . it's a bit diff between the one i want and the one i need .
Today was career day. I was talking to the vice principal about this asian man that was there today and she was like
[Y!FB] He left his job as a stockbroker, and despite a debt of S$37,000, a Croatian man...: He left... twitterurl #singapore
I just bumped into Alfin Teo on the way back from dinner? Woah talk about jc friends you haven't seen since forever man
i will not argue over old things. i hate bringing up the past mistake. but if u really fucked me up, man u will be dead.
??twitterusername Jurgen Klopp on the vacant Man Utd job: "My commitment to Borussia Dortmund and the people is not breakable."??? twitterusername
I have my own reason why i don't choose you, man. I only choose someone who's truly wants me and not just playing fool with my feeling. Daa
Tourists go to Orchard to shop and then when they go there they see all these people on the floor, drop SG's name and standard man.
past 3 seasons, finished at 7th, 6th, 8th and calling us mid table club. haha. man utd will be back next season.
I'm in love with my man not because of his appearance. I love him because of who he is. That's all.
fuck man, my phone spoilt for like since afternoon can't reply shit sigh. major sigh, today is really NOT MY DAY.
Everything with that Soompi writer is jaejoong this jaejoong that....fine u root for him all u want I will back siwannie man u sux
[ST] Death of man stung by bees ruled accidental: April 29, 2014 10:18 AMA pest control officer die... twitterurl #singapore
Ryan Giggs has a strengthening belief that he could become the permanent manager of Man United despite the club's plan to opt for experience
[Y!FB] Looks like North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un is quite the ladies' man as seen in...: Looks li... twitterurl #singapore
Amazing Spider Man is showing today! I think it's even better now since Kris Aquino lambasted the movie during the interview with Andrew G.
To my boos who are giving they man head but normally don't do just remember to swallow & make that nigga toes curls. No biting.
Two missing in Cairngorms avalanche: Two people are missing and a man has been airlifted to hospital after an av... twitterurl
Well I expected Man U to win but it's ok. I bet they've tried their best. No fear, there's still the 2nd leg next Wednesday! ????
First episode of No Regrets ??????????? tonight! MUST WATCH! Every Mon-Fri, 10pm on Ch U! Starring Tang Shui Man & Lai Yiu Cheung
Well I expected Man U to win but it's ok. I bet they've tried their best. No fear, there's still the 2nd leg next Wednesday! #GGMU
I don't have a boyfriend cuz I don't want a BOYfriend. I want a MAN. And it ain't too many of those out here.
Quite the young man I was...use to get the most Valentines Day cards in Elementary school b...niggas use to hate at recess tho....
"twitterusername Oh. And a man proposed to his girlfriend today at the gig. That's awesome. Hope you two have an amazing life together! X"
Wing man power --> RTtwitterusername twitterusername yes bro?? nah ayat power skali.. to my eyes yours (bnde yg ko puji) are beautiful.. cair beb~!!!!
Wtf now then dad say cousin engaged. Dafug man you should have told me earlier!! Now im working.....hais nvm la
My landlord told me she just came back from a facial done by a handsome italian man. And she recommended me the place. Hahaha!
Hate it when people make fun of me like its so annoying can you fucking not? I'm freakin' 20 man. Come on.
Man Utd's Nani in police car crash: A Manchester United footballer's vehicle is involved in a collision with a p... twitterurl
Why aren't you punctual when it comes to timing dear old man? It's always me who have to wait. Fuck this.
Suit & Tie. A man that wears a suit & ties is real G.. Gentleman. Real men use to wear suits and handle?? twitterurl
Give me a break man it's the only day I can meet my high sch friends and play some decent football with them.
ugh"twitterusername she said she fell in love with the man that you are, no dear she fell in love with that ava of yours."
Flier charged with slapping 2-year-old: An Idaho man has been charged with assaulting a minor after he allegedly... twitterurl
Gosh.  Almost everyday I am working.  Even on my off day,  I would be doing other events.  Can't wait for my NZ trip with twitterusername man.
i look at my twitter i see this!! HOW CAN I NOT LOVE THIS MAN??? twitterusername dont kill me every time i see a photo plz twitterurl
Body stuffed in trolley bag: Man jailed for failing to report death: February 18, 2013 11:22 AMA former marketin... twitterurl
celake betul. tang chelsea, man city punya round up ada video. bab liverpool cuma static images je. Apa media prima ni?
Pagi2 dah berbual pasal army. -.- come on man. I dont want to think about it! Its still a long way to go.
my ass need to lay low w the online shopping real life shopping just SHOPPING man. smh. imma be broke and I dnt even work!
KJK is singing ??? (One Man) & serenading it to a cute little boy on stage! KJK demonstrated how to sing Lovable!!  #kjkinsg
Junior petrosains ramai cantik . This is yr time RT twitterusername twitterusername hahaha but we have to face it like a man!! Tho youre girl haha
no angst please RT twitterusername K.Will mv RT twitterusername omg hyukjae as donghae's best man.......I THINK I WILL BREAK DOWN AND CRY
I thought the person beside me was a woman ANDDDDD I was wrong ??it's an old man with a pink dress. May god bless 'her'.
Why bring cake 2 d bakery st0re? RT twitterusername If ur man is in dbn 4 da metros n ur nt,iv gt news 4 u..
I don't have anything against u but c'mon man who can take it when they see a guy who wants every pretty girl?
Army teach you never leave a man behind, what i was taught in NS, move forward, objective is more important than anything else...
Man everybody fake nowadays. Cant trust nobody, the one person u thought was yo friend funny acting. I can't deal bro
(??? ? ??? ') RT twitterusername BREAKING: Robin van Persie is subbed off as he has a back injury from carrying Man United all season.
Took pictures with Sir Alex Ferguson's mannequin... Was spectacular.. Bought a mouse pad, and a mug of Man Utd with my NAME on.. WOHOOOO
Yeah man I miss secondary school. Omg those days where 2.4 I need Shawn Toh to make me run faster ?? thank you twitterusername
Yeah man. It's like all the girls so care about image and then there's ICA. We sit on the floor outside classroom to eat. #problem?
"A real man can't stand seeing his woman hurt.He is careful with his decision& action so he never have to be responsible for her pain." :')
.twitterusername Or they simply dismiss it as a story about a good man who was tested by God (and then got blessed even more, hurray!).
i pray some running man singapore fanbase will somehow have a torrent magnet link to the sheng siong show tomorrow omg T.T
Went into my Facebook ababg tag me a photo of idk  which old man and said that is my grandad hello, hello my grandad is dead bloody fuck
My Malay is so bad hahaha "biler nak lawa like her" how did I even get A1 for Os man HAHAHAHAHA
That moment when you feel more nervous over an episode of running man than getting your rcy gmw footdrill results. BUT YAY I PASSED
What do you do when the man gives you that little white biscuit? I would usually say "no thank you, I'm not all that hungry today"
James Lye right? Oh, Diana Ser. Cute. Haha.. RT twitterusername Anyone still remember VR Man? That guy was fast. Hahaha twitterurl
[We?SG] : A man giving a kid a wakebaord lesson on SMRT train.This Welsh dude reminds us that we al... twitterurl #singapore
Im so shy omg hahaha! It start with the letter s and ... ??? Hmmm. Who are you man? Haha! You got mention me befor... twitterurl
Your and her DP not even you and her picture still say love. Da fuq... ??? I don't even know you man ~ twitterurl
How could a ghost that is as lame as the Slender Man scare me I mean he's wearing a friggin suit for f*cks sake. I'm pathetic
??twitterusername do you ever wish tht your girlf will wear tudung one day?... ??? nah not gf man, wife. twitterurl Sweet gila :')
Dzeko on the bench' Mancini relaxing I guess. I believe he might come up to score , but tevez will be the man to focus on
"twitterusername While doing the geography paper today..... i stared at the question and then i daydreamed. Wtf man wtf" hi5 bro
I'm reading the posts we had in the very first IAD Facebook group before group started and.... wow, time has really passed man :(
Everyone's going on about ManU's fight I'm watching the new Iron Man 3's trailer going WHAT THE FUCK IS WITH THE SUITS AT THE END.
Gen-Y's 'karung guni' man. RT twitterusername Someone chucked a CPU outside. Tempted to salvage parts. I see a HDD in there...
Huge glass of ice cream soda, back in bed with pjs and full blasting fan in my face. Yeah man you people can rot at work/ school.
[ST] Man jailed 14 months after driving stolen Volvo to Ipoh: March 05, 2013 12:56 PMA Malaysian ma... twitterurl #singapore
Thought experiment: If Arbeloa had been sent off for same kick on Nani, how would Man U fans and UK pundits react to Red Devils??? win?
The man behind 'Lara Croft': Ian Livingstone is a legend in the fantasy games world. In 1995, he stumbled upon... twitterurl
Jack The Giant Slayer, Oz The Great & Powerful, Awan Dania The Movie, Iron Man 3, Spiders, etc.. Byk betul movie nak tgk tp wallet kosong :(
Bad start to today. First, Man Utd Champions League match. Next, the stupid drilling is so freaking loud, I can't sleep.
Woke up smiling because the first thing I thought of the moment I woke up was the win Real Madrid had over Man Utd. Hehehe
Singaporean man missing in Hawaii. Phua Chuan Chin, 62, was swept off the rocks on Kauai???s north shore on Mon  twitterurl
#lifestyle #news: A Malaysian man is jailed for stealing a car in Singapore: He drove it back to hi... twitterurl #singapore
i'm so tired i just wanna grab my man, cuddle up to him and just sleep in his arms, prolly kicking him in the middle of the night
Seharian dvd marathon, jamming with Eyes Of Army, makan yg banyak, enjoy this trip so much, i don't give a fuck with problems you have man
For example: A cute pretty young girls' picture and an adult man types in "I think they're hot" and everybody will be like "dude...".
Real Madrid obviously showed quality with one man up. Terrible way to lose. I rather see CR7 score a hat trick 11v11.
And please lah stop saying that man utd would definitely beat real madrid if they had 11 men. How can you tell?
Ikr. Pain sia. And tmr remind me return ur money kay? Cos i damn forgetful! Haha RT twitterusername twitterusername Yeah man, F Our L.
??twitterusername Man like honestly y'all take shit too seriously. Calm yo tits, go ride a dick, and for once stop acting like you know shit.???
1.Man Utd-Fatah 2.Chelsea-Wadi 3.Bayern-Naza 4.Real Madrid-Alep 5.Tottenham-Syed #PES2013 Week 2 twitterurl
Fighting! (aku macam kim jong kook kan oh tak eh) RT twitterusername Since running man is still not out yet, lets continue to naruto :)
??twitterusername Teen stabbed to death yesterday in UK had tweeted about her fear of a man acting strangely on the bus twitterurl
Nothing can be sweeter than what I just saw while going to church - a middle-aged couple, the man blind & holding on to his wife's shoulder.
You think you the shit huh???? ??? No. I think Im a young man trying to make his way in,the world... twitterurl
From left : abang bob, my uncle ZZ, abang man and the stangers. Idk whos the legam there. #audition #rajalawak q twitterurl
What does it mean when a man looks at other women when he is with his gi... ??? it means he wants to bang that chick. twitterurl
At my cousin's wedding now and so blessed to see her in the good hands of a man worthy of her life.
A great day with a great man...hope he finds dat one lucky girl to put a ring on it. #bestguyfriend
Okay shall return to the gym next week after I get my gear. Using Converse sneakers is really no joke man
Not involved with all that short jeans showin ya ankle flex. Its for girls that. I think too many man dressin like gyal nowadays tbh
How is everyone at #SXSW13 tweeting buzz words yet no instagrams of BBQs and tacos!? You suck at being in Austin man.
Iron Man 3, Despicable Me 2, Grown Ups 2, The Wolverine, Smurfs 2, Star Wars: Ep II, Thor and The Hunger Games. #2013movies I'm gonna watch!
no idea what the aircon service man did but my room is fucking freezing cold and it has only been 5 mins
You want me carry for your bag not? RT ??twitterusername it's 1230 and im nt asleep... im srsly asking fr eyebags man???
Just finished downloading Running Man ep 135! Sorry isub, I gave on you only this time round, for the sake of my Jackie Chan! Thank Kshow.
What do you think of Patricia Ann Lelia Navarro ??? The girl who tried to show me 1 man 1 jar twitterurl
I dont like your form teacher man. ??? /: he's actually a nice person la, he just shows it in a different way ^^... twitterurl
He is... Kinda cute :b anything else you know about him? ??? As a man, I can't call him cute, I have to agree he's... twitterurl
Giving up a good night at ngeeann for overseas vacation sigh SIGH SHI ITS NOT MY DESTINY MAN COME ON NOOOO
Gladys Will Get The Man She Wants....I Know It....She's Gonna Meet Him By Giving Him A Lapdance I Feel It
Im glad that i did not married a man who only work & work & continue 2 work without challenging himself 4 greater prospect & opportunities.
lemmie get uhh... hmm, man let me get a cuffalo wing platter with extra cuffalo sauce & a side of super ring king onion rings on the side ??
Even as a man, I can see so much injustice when even today in 2013 CE, I see that women are still not on equal terms with men.
There always time when we need our mom so much . Man , I just need that cute chubby woman's hug so much right now .
Man 2012 Had Its Good Days But A Lot Of Bad Days . & Now Thats It's 2013 I'm Paying For All The Shit I've Done Smh . #Karma
EMMA STONE  Filming ??The Amazing Spider-Man 2? In Brooklyn: Let's face it here, Emma Stone is one of the harde... twitterurl
What will happen if a man watches several inspirational and life-changing movies back to back? Will he go berserk or inspirational?
Fatal accident on PIE One dead 12 others injured in crash between car and lorry: A man was killed after the lo... twitterurl
With NASCAR and IndyCar, Allmendinger is a busy man: A busy week for A.J. Allmendinger is about to get even busier. twitterurl
It got me thinking,how can anyone ever tot of marrying a rich man just so tt she need not work?
#HaHaFacts HaHa went to served NS in 2008 to 2010. After discharged, HaHa return to Infinity Challenge and become co-host in Running Man.
Hahaha.. Not really.. RT twitterusername A #Gemini woman will go crazy for a unique, strong-willed handsome man with a go-getter personality
I am dying man cannot take it doing homework in taxi and not even 5 qns done i'm about to vomit so dizzy and nauseous
Nak vote for dislike RT twitterusername Yg nak vote aku jadi curator tu, starting from 25th - 31st March aku okay je. I'm a busy man you know.
"Dammit la, why he keep taking photo with that same girl. My heartbreaks man. Hais. He's mineeee!" Ohman. Only Nura understands this ?? HAHA
Do we really need to write that essay NTU? Dear God. Optional is no option man. Everyone will just go and write it.
A strong man isn't those who have the ability to beat someone up but it is he who can control his anger.
Some fuckers in the ask.fm is asking stupid n ridiculous questions !! A... ??? Yes I know who you are. Thanks man :-) twitterurl
Oh man rockin all them Alfred v2 workflows. Feels almost as good quicksilver. The lack of memory and resource drain is good though.
Man Utd 1-0 Reading: Wayne Rooney's first-half goal is enough for Manchester United to beat Reading as they mo... twitterurl
WASHINGTON: A Jordanian-born Palestinian man convicted of the 1982 bombing of a Pan Am flight traveling to Hawaii from Japan is set to be
Thank you my man/my bestfriend/my Korea&Japan buddy/ninja shenghao/smart guy/ lyric buddy_97 HAHAHA XD HEHE THANKYOUU! :D twitterusername
so Rachael Koh just messaged me, "I learnt your signature pose man" and was hoping for a reply that doesn't imply she's weird.
I text my mom and ask her to pay for my prenatal pills ??????; man she's going off ! I really have to GROW up
'twitterusername : if u think im always bitching bout u, sorry my man, ain't nobody got time fo dat.' <th ppl who alway think im indirecting them
read the newspaper earlier on and ya.........a married man turns out to be a gay and having a r/s with another gay dafug
A man who loves you will leave you for the sake of Allah and put his trust in Allah to do what's best,... twitterurl
Dad knew i did not have a good day, he offered to buy bone steak for dinner. How to not love this man? <3
I had to buy big mac for lunch cum dinner. Hole in my pocket. oh well, am a happy man now
yeah got a nice place to stay in tokyo already ;) i can stay for like 1 week or 2 weeks wahhahahahahhahah! :p new spanking condo man
Se7en oppa,go do ur man thing for 2 years then be back with a bang and marriage and pretty babies!!There's nothing to be emotional,really...
Old man kit has been a nomad MP no loyalty to his constituent...bodohlah siapa elect him to parlimen. Politicians serves rakyat not himself!
WAH RIKI SEH HAHA RT ??twitterusername Woah that somebody just say amylda fanatic sia how could you say that to her man???
Ni macam line cerita hindustan je hahahahaha RT twitterusername Never run for a bus, train or man. When one leaves, another arrives.
Good looks or good body..? ??? hmm, you can always work on your body. but looks its not gonna change man.... twitterurl
??twitterusername Shit I can't w8 for cage man. This horniness for football is reaching its climax and I can't wait to release it on thurs!???
Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech, 30, is the surprise name on Arsenal's six-man shortlist to replace goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny next season
I can't watch porn with a storyline cause I get too invested and end up worrying about the delivery man losing his job for taking so long
i was excited all the time during drama just now and now sigh shouldnt have ask him that man zz fml la lets just kill myself
Tell me something about your dad? ??? He's a great man even though we don't share the same thoughts and are always... twitterurl
Recklessly using battery for 3g access whilst a mashup btw wolverine and iron man is onstage giving an overly long intro to his service
Italian man just asked me how to pronounced "sightseeing" and in return he gave me a hug. This is turning out to be a real adventure.
i keep forgetting to not buy the magikarp from that weird man. now idk what to do with that fish, again. .-.
OMG CUT HIS KUKUBIRD PLS ??twitterusername Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece when she was 10-years-old on 3 occasions twitterurl
Halala RT twitterusername I'm with the man himself twitterusername and he says he gt something special lined up for 2nyt twitterusername
You watched the match twitterusername Exciting much? RT twitterusername Bellerin just scored a last-minute winner against Man Utd for the U21s.
Thought my family has gone to sleep but it turned out that they are still awake and they are watching Running Man.
I rather you bring them for one-man then combined live cause i'm srsly not going to pay so much to watch the band plays 15 min ._.
He is my man my dear my one and only. I love him so much goodluck esok sayang me love u so tight and deep twitterusername
If there is a guy doing all these to me, I will be with him man. But no, it is not happening to me. Why ??
lol what the. this man shouted on the phone like there's no tmr. i think he's on the verge of killing someone :0 *touchwood*
I really love my mother man .. she know shinhwa until the point tht he know when cheer up mr kim airing time .. she will go like
Whoa, things are getting interesting in Superior Spider-Man. Can't wait for the Avengers to move in and things will get REALLY interesting.
I???m starting with the man in the mirror. :-) RT twitterusername Be the troll you want to see in the world.
Hey twitterusername by the way, how is the Old Man? Hope Providence has been graceful? You been missing on my TL big time bro!
The reason women go after the woman their man cheated w/is b/c they don't plan on leaving their s/o and have to blame someone ...
one of my fav part in Running Man ep 137. I can repeat this part a trillion times and never get bored of it. ???????????????? twitterurl
What great quote would you like to share? ??? You can love that one man, but remember, love Allah more cos without... twitterurl
What about us men?! RT twitterusername RT twitterusername A #Capricorn woman is romantic & loving but it takes the right man to expose this.
#nowplaying Kaiser Chiefs - Man On Mars. Another one of those songs that just puts a smile on my face... (A sort of dumb and silly smile) ;)
having slight headaches. damn. this is not good man. why fall sick in the week whereby i can enjoy myself and... twitterurl
Italian kid: "Sir. We've come here to stay" Me: "Where's your Lambo man?" *Kid stares back* (As if I asked for his sisters number).
Hmmm i wanna pursue a degree in history, my childhood dream... I did not intend to be the man i am now
Yeah, life is bitch man "twitterusername I hate waiting an entire week to watch the next episode of my favorite show."
Middle-aged man in Lycra: cycling turns sane men vain: Phwoar, what a lovely bit of leg! So toned, so smooth. ... twitterurl
Not all guys are willing to do girls push ups hahahah! RT twitterusername twitterusername haha, not all girls can do man push ups okay! ??
that man twitterusername being the only nigga tru to his tweets, & u cant disrespect that. all while Asap niggas stay throwing salt
twitterusername man you release it at the wrong timing. I'm so eager to watch. The video cant be played on iphone.
Apple, Samsung set for blockbuster US patent trial: A man stands in front of an Apple logo in downtown Shanghai.... twitterurl
RT twitterusername A man walks into a bar. Except it was a metal bar, like a pole. So he got hurt.
How one man???s Apple account was hacked: ???Your pizza guy could do the same thing???: One of Silicon Valley&rsquo;s ... twitterurl
Mobile Wire: iPhone 5: 10 features to expect: Few things cause as much hype as Apple products: the company???s man... twitterurl
Fired Apple worker sues, says Steve Jobs promised him job for life: A man who claims Steve Jobs told him he'd al... twitterurl
twitterusername No lah!! No way man =\\ LOL. iPhone FTW =x my friend lah.. But hers is Japanese phone... Docomo de android
did i just read it iphone porn...like, the phone itself. tumblr, what the fuck are you on at this hour man HAHAHAHAHAHA
But on overall, praise God for the good results that he has given me. :) Not by man but by the power of God that I've achieved such results!
Not Cool, man: Potent new hacking toolkit costs crooks $10k a month: Blackhole gang snap up latest 0-days to bui... twitterurl
Some fat old man seats infront of toast box acting like he's the boss of wcp . Ng please , I know who's the real person in charge here .
The medicine eats your food in your stomach alin.. ?? RT ??twitterusername whats this man? after taking medicine, i am hungry as fuck.???
??twitterusername Let me strike 4D please and marry a handsome rich man and i can stop worrying about my education anymore???
Like i no medal I scared I too much you jealous. RT twitterusername No medal but want take people medal ? Hahahhaa . Joke man.
I'm watching pitch perfect and I've come to grips with the fact that the man I marry must be able to sing. Okay that's all
Jue is on her way going back to Setapak by bus. While me watching Running Man alone in this room. I'm sooo lonely.
Ohh yeah, totally forgot that I've to meet my primary school classmate later at 1pm! OMG, gonna miss them so much man! LOOKING FORWARD!
jaesuk and simon d HAHAHAHA they have been talking like that since running man ep 127 and probably b4 that too
Fuck sia. 39% when I'm supposed to get below 20 -.- hopefully after editing again I'll get below 20. Haiz. Comiss is shit man.
If you want to marry the man you with every single relationship, then i assume you have not met your mr right.
A gd evening with the boys and fify. And forgoodness sake, stop disturbinh abt sally and man eh. "Brothers" korg jugak mahhh
Please let a few Man U or Liverpool players be shot dead with a Magnum at least. It'll be fun to readddddddd
I don't know why ah but I'm getting irritated like c'mon. How can I even date my own brother man? This is ridiculous isn't it?
Gonna be a temporary arsenal fan for like 2 hours . Make sure Man city dun close up the 10 point gap :D
Vera, if you watch Norwich and we won, still ok. If you watch Man City and we win, the jersey is nearer twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
Typo. Its 11.50pm RTtwitterusername YAY can see Seungri on local TV! RT shasha17n:SEUNGRI will guest star in Running Man ep on Channel U tmr.
For all the Man U fans in Singapore, Manchester is in northern england, nothing significant has ever happenned there, come on #lfc
But oh well, gag order. Let???s protect the girl. Poor thing, you had to suck an old married man???s cock.\
Man b that shit was so smooth when the track dropped I got gerked! lbs RT twitterusername twitterusername i was sayin the same thing yo! lol
The after-effects of The Princess' Man on me are really serious. Just listening to its OSTs n reading recaps already makes me tear up again
damn honey *fans self* kushisa kanje futhi RT twitterusername RT twitterusername A #Pisces woman can make any man feel like a King in bed.
No one should read 50 shades out loud man. LOL you'd get judge. Buying the book too. LOL they should just make the ebook.
??twitterusername ???? RT twitterusername twitterusername lol......u used to do a lot of the cooking tho. I miss yo shit!??? Man don't b alright wit her
"well i have to say something... Listen to christina aguilera's the right man. to die for??" I have never heard that song in my life.
Check out my man twitterusername YouTube for a lot of video's of Ed Sheeran and Passenger at Belfast and Dublin 2013 twitterurl
??twitterusername Sekali M1 give us free 3G for the whole year ke. Woooo.??? Wait longlong la . Dream on man . Haha mana mungkin seh .
Omg man my stomach still hurting. Now I'm seriously in pain. This might be the week I actually pon school from Monday to Friday. New record
If there is a man who wants to take your place, I just want a guy like Edward Cullen. He is so protective. twitterurl
Salesman jailed 1 year for misappropriating $32,000 and gambling it at casinos: January 15, 2013 12:07 PMA man g... twitterurl
My dad asked why do i have GREAT compassion for animals and not humans. Sarcastic man. I do charity too ok!!! Lol.
PAP's Koh Poh Koon describes himself as a man who wants to get things done: SINGAPORE: Someone who wants to get ... twitterurl
LOL RT twitterusername "I'm my own man," says PAP's Koh Poh Koon as he arrives flanked by three PAP ministers. #byelection #fail
Same shit for guys who rly like their girl"twitterusername No girls likes another girl flirting with, texting, or calling her man. At all."
It???s a Dog???s Life: Court to Rule on Pet???s Sentimental Value: Can you put a price tag on man???s best friend? It???s ... twitterurl
Gordon Strachan was named Scotland's new manager on Tuesday. Is he the right man for the job? Find out here: twitterurl
??twitterusername Our big man from Stoke, Liam Shotton, has finally signed for Hougang... Big things to come frm him..??? > Long throw-ins?
If Chemistry was a boy, he'd be the last person I'd date and even if he's the last man on earth, I'm not gonna marry him.
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos: Call it an amazing example of entrepreneurship or a daring p... twitterurl
Censorship is telling a man he can???t have a steak just because a baby can???t chew it. - Mark Twain
Don't u hate it when ppl who stand beside the buttons don't hold the lift for everyone else? Basic manners man
I don't really fancy how Blackie sings in Locomotive Breath (NOT his song Locomotive Man ok. Locomotive BREATH). He sang in some diff voice.
Geram sia tk dpt habiskan my one man cpr. Screw you asthma. And flu. And cough. Urghh. Posponed to this friday with D class. Paiseh sia
Me -_____- RT twitterusername Coba aja ada cowok sperti yg d gambarkan the script di lagunya the man who can't be moved
#singapore The London Derby. Chelsea versus Arsenal. I hope Chelsea wins so Man U can have a little heat. I think worst result is a draw.
"NO girlfriend wants another girl tweeting about her man, talking to him, texting him, thinking about him, looking at him, no NOTHING!"
Man feel like kicking his head bloody thigh-touching controlling freak that looks like an idiot and being wanky with his notes
I think right... There are much more prettier girls in Malaysia than Singapore. Look at all of their actresses man. So chio
Urgh why do I see disgusting people today?! A guy just scratched his ass in front of me and another china man threw his phlegm out beside me
In this shocking case, a man was literally in tears from being oversexed by a woman! A lady kept her... twitterurl
{ twitterusername } idk man I just love your tweets you entertain me heheheh yes you light up my world like nobody else :p
VIDEO: Bulgarian leader fights off gunman: Police in Bulgaria have arrested a man after he jumped on stage and p... twitterurl
Superskinny jeans, v neck t-shirt, tight neon/pastel sweater. You're too girly to be a man. Gay style in action hahahaha
In the bus otw home now and there's a man in an twitterusername tee who clearly stared me down. I sense rivalry.
"twitterusername Friends may think that I'm a flirter, but my close good friends will know how faithful I am to only one man." YES. AGREED
Why have ONE DAY where a man treats his lady with appreciation & affection; showering her with love? That should be an everyday thing.
"Dem Hahn, der zu fr??h kr??ht, dreht man den Hals um." | A cock that crows too early gets a twisted neck. ^^
??twitterusername First mistake i made. My first impression. Which is the hardest to change now.??? You have turn to be a real man my friend
My heart's heavy. Shit man. I'm not trusting your words anymore now. Remember the last time you promised something? Those are just words.
Three men arrested over PC death: A third man is arrested after an off-duty police officer died following an ass... twitterurl
"twitterusername talkin to my lil sis , i swear i love this bitch to death..." Lol yu gta luv Teezy man, dats big dawg
Why did this plump man sit with me on the 1 adult 1 child seats... His thighs are totally squeezing mine uncomfy max
Asian tycoons battle for Singapore???s FN: SINGAPORE: Thailand&#039;s third-richest man has raised his stake and t... twitterurl
The best measure of man is not where he stands in moments of comfort but where he stands in moments of challenge and controversy
Have you ever seen a dead man ? Blood all over maybe got stabbed or jumped down from a high floor ? You will be traumatized for weeks.
Idk if its just me or my shitty mood but this couple next to me is really starting to piss me off go away man
Our future president is a dreamer QT twitterusername #inthepapers 'The West can't afford to sanction Kenya'..writes Uhuru's media relations man
woah man you fell asleep on me and you can't even apologize or even look me in the eye? dude and your responsibility is to serve Singapore
Lol.! I jus blew this man cause I wudnt sign his petition about wolves... Idgaf about them Im scared of em fuck im savin em 4....
Cb wtf is wrong that old faggot hqs. Why does he even exist in this world. Such a sinful man. Idw care about him anymore.
??twitterusername Man u decidin on lettin go of de gea this summer :( twitterusername haisshh??? IKR ): but rumors only. Most of his goal not his fau
Reported earlier the day, that students yang staying at C5, saw a figure, a man, a boy smthg liddat around her floor.
Each time this old man says the question is very simple, I feel like whacking his face. ?? fucking hell I catch no balls pls!!!
That bij better eat his dinner. He already so skinny and who cannot live without food. Go eat aha yes stop doing your homework man.
Sawa Arsenal! 4:1.... Laugh out now! See how we Man U fans feel like, like everyday. We are used to winning.
I seriously hate you . You are a fucked up , annoying man-child . What I would give to hurl my fist into that shithole you call a face .
[LIVE] yeah! *lambai* I hope my friend a.k.a family twitterusername getting well and be strong man! So pity to him. Do well bro!
She tell me shes in hell, I tell her take a breather. I'm nothing like your man, but I cant love you neither
lmao Babo Jonghyun keeps re-watching that ep of Running Man he appeared in & looked so happy --as revealed by Jungshin
Wtf. This weird old man was on bus 174 winking and making kissey faces at women then subsequently shaking his head. WHAT IS WRONGGG.
What is this? no bigbang? who you kidding man. RT twitterusername Which idol groups are the most popular by country? twitterurl
Look who turned up at Blk 322 Hougang Ave 5? The man with the drum and trumpet, with shouts of "Workers' Party". twitterurl
You changed your avi? Again? Gosh! Mr Man is one very lucky chap QT twitterusername This is not a fake drunk tweet, I am getting tipsy
??twitterusername ?? RT twitterusername Aw man i cant do that anymore. :( RT twitterusername Making vday card and put them in people's locker #nhtoocool :D???
Oh ya. I am supposed to catch up with my running man. Then white collar . Then family outing . Then lying game . Then O ha ni! OMG TIME
"twitterusername "twitterusername I want a boyfriend who really good in football." every man good at playing their balls." THAT'S GREAT LOL
I'm really a fat middle aged man obsessed with the pink ranger that wears a morpher and full pink suit everyday #CatfishFlow
What? The rumor said SHINee filming Running Man yesterday? Yah!!! Yesterday was Friday. How come they're filming on Friday!? Liar liar!
bill gates is worth 64 billion dollars...he is now the 2nd richest man on the planet after giving away billions to charity
??twitterusername I AM A STRONG INDEPENDENT ASIAN WOMAN WHO DONT NEED NO MAN except Shang ok I really like Shang??? HAHA why is this so funny
Reckless drivers have to chill the fuck out man. Lives has been taken away just like that because of you fuckers.
I'm quite screwed up! I really become a blind man during the night. Can't play basketball, cycle and even will fall while walking.
Ask Ky do she want My with her RT twitterusername Thanking the good man for allowing me to c another day!!!
take you to every party cause I remember how much you loved to dance do all the things I should have done when I was your man #np
Me too. What an asshole sia. RT twitterusername Lost all respect for Dee Kosh. Where is your sense of respect man!
Every year class aku da mcm boys home semua laki :') hais i should have taken business course nampak sgt saya ladies man..... HAHAHAH tc
Fuck. I'm going orchard tmr and I just realised that the bitch will be there. FML hope I don't see her man OMG
The Muffin Man Goes Gluten-Free: For people who need to eliminate gluten from their diet, baking becomes a chall... twitterurl
"Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life." ~ Joseph Conrad
When you have a good man, appreciate him, keep him smiling, give him your all, and I promise you he'll do anything for you.
Man Utd supporter, David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo fan. Does not really make you a football fan, more like football bimbo.
Try check friendzone. Got a lot I think. Hahaha RT"twitterusername  I know, good guys exist. BUT WHERE ARE YOU, MAN?!"
This is interesting . RT ??twitterusername Good dick will make a woman clingy but good pussy will make a man crazy wanting more.???
Muddy Waters keeps strong sell on Olam: A man walks past a logo of Olam International Limited at its office in S... twitterurl
Real mean eat real burgers and real burgers require a knife ??twitterusername Turn in your man card if you cut your burger in half.???
??twitterusername so many ppl not gg sch tmr??? ME I NOT GNG ITS NO USE MAN. r u feeling better my little ang mor:(
Hey, why are y'all so angry? Calm down man. Take a break, have a Kit Kat  or something. Go for anger management if that's what it takes.
Ex-LAPD man hunted for killing spree: Los Angeles police launch a major manhunt for a sacked officer who is susp... twitterurl
Heh I had my fair share of working with him while in sh. RT twitterusername Oh man!!! He's retiring?!! Wat a great loss!!! Best of luck Neil!!
I don't care about a lot of things because a lot of things are man made. AKA irrelevant to maintaining a healthy spirit.
A girl cheats on her man and people think it's a big deal because she's supposed to know better and not make mistakes.
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? Yeah but there will always be some secre feelings from one ... twitterurl
Safer Internet should be protecting people from scams, not from blocking off porn sites! A man watching porn is better than a peeping tom.
White ppl man RT twitterusername Pizza hut last night, burgers for breakfast, and taco bell right now. I swear we eat like Ricky Bobby at this h
Every glass of whiskey is like a woman. It gives a man the sense of euphoria after drinking it,but is also k twitterurl
Piang eh!!! Today is no joke! Totally having a rollercoaster day man!!! I want to die!!!!!! Now heading to 2nd client's for night shift!
"Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men ... twitterurl
Wa wa wa!! Im surpised! Lol RT twitterusername [Spoiler] Ji Suk Jin surprises everyone on the latest episode of 'Running Man' twitterurl
I know twitterusername is on the road but man do I wish I could freak out with here about the latest TLBD happenings
Mirahneh underwent tonsillectomy. Ahhhhh i cant imagine her pain man. The pictures are alr disturbing. I hope she gets well soon! ??
Is it wrong to say that this monolingual man finds Lee Li Lian's effortless ability to switch from English to Mandarin rather attractive?
'Tell me, who is this mama?' - Scare the shit out of me!! Not a fan of horror movie man.. Scarifice for him! hahais
Bag heavy mah!!RT twitterusername Gave up a seat to an old man then one sec one girl went to sit. -___-
:( RT twitterusername Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray, becoming the first man to win 3 Australian Open singles titles, back to back
the changes have been so drastic. with sir sulaiman changing everything that is related to ncd lol what is happening man
I'll disown him RTtwitterusername Kevin Hart embarrassing man lmfao. Imagine If he was your dad dancing like that in front of your friends lmfao
mom seriously wtp man. kp me cos i'm 50kg & fat she's 45kg & bought me XL pajamas - same size as my gran who's fat. so obv im fat k.
This Indian man damn what Sia! Leaning at the pole the  I can't hold it. When I hold it his body always contact with my skin hand. ISH
Wa shit man, my last driving lesson book on which day?! The days I can't already canceled out.. the last one either march or feb..
Twasn???t illness what killed off the Tasmanian Tiger. T???was man!: Humans alone were responsible for the demise of... twitterurl
This cat is bipolar, man. One moment she's active, one moment she's violent, and the next, she just sit at one corner.
who are these people from other class following me on instagram... listen man, I DON'T WANNA SOCIALIZE. I HATE IT. SHOO. IVE DONE IT ENOUGH.
sit ups and push ups every night cuz im on the fast track to being the sexiest man alive #truth #dealwithit #jkimfatandalone
Dafug is wrong with this world RT twitterusername Beware of this pervert old man who touches boys' private parts. Be safe. twitterurl
A real man can't stand seeing his woman hurt. He is careful with his decisions and actions so he never have to be responsible for her pain.
omg srsly what's up with the talk man. For an over achiever in do many fields he is a pretty boring speaker
Hoaxer 'loved' US sport star Te'o: The man who admitted creating and killing off a fake online girlfriend in a h... twitterurl
Walao my stomach must be kidding me man..I need the toilet nw..tummy pls be gd n tahan till I reach sch..
Life Is Short Man . I Swear There's People Out There With Situations Way Worse Than Mine & I Still Complain Smh #BeBlessed
A manager got fired helping my boss. My boss broke down in front of me. In this world it's rly every man for himself.
A man supposed to be interested in a woman that actually has a bright future , book smart street smart etc, y'all go for anything now huh !
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it???s either  a new car or a new wife.- Jeff Foxworthy
[INFO] Running Man team departed today to Vietnam!!! They make a surprise attack. Leave dates and route were smokescreen!! (via rara82hy)
Not to be rude ah. But this Chinese man fucking rude. Step on my shoe. Abeh buat muke. Kanasai SALAH AKU?
That man crush Monday of Jameson made me miss him so much I can't wait for Monday so I can hug him till he cries #crybabynephew
Yeah man , yewtee . U also uh ? RT twitterusername twitterusername yoh bro .. mind for a follow back ? btw ure living at yew tee ?
And we were actually walking next to each other to Chinatown point, even took the same lift together.  Haha.. I like that man.. *thumbs up.
Power.I tink i nd a blackbox on my car RTtwitterusername Driver arrested after hitting eight cars, a van & injuring man twitterurl
'They just didn???t seem to care': Wife of man who died from blood poisoning at Mid Staffs NHS Trust speaks out: W... twitterurl
They are not like your ex, and will not do the same thing to you. Not every man or every woman is out to break your heart.
Olympics bottle thrower sentenced: A man who threw a plastic beer bottle on to the track at the start of the men... twitterurl
Fuck man, I just realize I left my house key inside my car and my car key is inside my house. So now I cannot go home -.-
Money mule jailed for receiving and moving $345100 of stolen cash: A posed photo of a man in handcuffs. A housew... twitterurl
What your man does with you behind closed doors in the bedroom is a very telling indicator of his personality.... twitterurl
CNY Day 1 Samsung Experience Shop @ Marina Bay Sands open till 12am... pity him man, if cannot claim cab even more shag..
hahahah your time will come! Yeap school it is! Thanks man! RT twitterusername twitterusername cb. Hahaha, back to school I guess? Have fun bro~
From tiong to west mall to anchorpoint and then back to tiong. Waaaa... being a delivery man is not easy yo.
ok e.g. shi ting is a chinese girl's name. what if a english man pronounce shi ting? GET IT? ok lame hahahahaha
Dude thanks do for everything , n everything that we went through together since sem 1 do , surely gonna miss u man :') twitterusername
Think about it, in 07, with Kalenjins voting for Raila almost to a man, the election became very close. Now, remove all those Kalenjins.
U judge everyone la old man. U always critisize me. I tell u my good things u turn it into something negative
Next time want quarrel do research first la oh my gosh. It's like offering your body to a police man when you're underage.
Arrest Made in Slaying of Girl in Calif.: Police arrest 32-year-old man in killing of 7th-grade girl whose body ... twitterurl
Doi g pny twitter? ??twitterusername Built a super relationship with My super awesome Man and fill it with super lots of love yeaayy ??????
i am seriously totally confused the connections now...what happen now man...like a total war zone over there which i dun understand
So long never see you, and thanks bro! RT twitterusername twitterusername It's your birthday bro!! Happy birthday to you man!!!!!! :D
Hehehe, insyaAllah :) , thank you Meezah ;) RT twitterusername okayokay, thankie^^ jgn lupe have rest okay, and lets hope man-u menang! Heh
and then this dude just commented "Stay strong :)" WTF BRO she didn't fail her driving test man, she got freaking raped.
same here. am tough like a man. hahahaha RT twitterusername In my opinion, if I were a guy, I'd be an amazing boyfriend.
Pair found dead at seaside bungalow: The bodies of a man and a woman are found at a bungalow at Caister-on-Sea i... twitterurl
Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another.
3. Obama: ????including a man who said, ???There is justice and law in the United States. I want our country to be like that.?????? #SOTU
Wena uzoshawa iheart attack RT twitterusername I've never stolen a hoodie or a cap from a man... But I'll steal his phone to check his messages.
THIS OMG THIS "twitterusername It is not the size of a man, but the size of his heart that matters. -Evander Holyfield"
"There he is standing, the man of my dreams. But there's one thing I know for sure - I cant get him.."
Man held over US show Breaking Bad script theft: March 27, 2013 11:00 AM LOS ANGELES (AFP) - Police said on Tu... twitterurl
Kk. That doesn't make sense but really man, got a fear for dentists......andddd I'm heading to the dentist in abit cos of my braces. :'(
"It's like a two shit flying fuck is looking for this man, and he does not even care" maxim bady legend
It's to the point where I'm unloading my baggage on othe people and that's gotta stop. I just gotta man up and be strong by myself.
I can't at my classmates who call others fat or ugly. like you think you're so perf? man I don't need someone like u as friend.
Haha it's okay lah, play soon aje. Nights bro :) RT twitterusername twitterusername Sorry man. I'm jogging right now bro. So sorry
After Uproar, Man Drops Bid to Evict Library Cat: An outpouring of support for Penny the cat, the unofficial m... twitterurl
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
If a nigga threw bottles at me & steady pushing up on mines..... RT twitterusername Why does Maurice dislike that man so much? Lol???
Was havin a sandplay reshoot and shota, shera and Derek was there to cos OAO|||| and my dad came back with a very muscular man...
Our Running Man in school was called catching, ice and water and Police and Thief. Only without tearing out the name tags.
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.\
I know i may be in the last in the family, but doesnt mean you all can take advantage of me. Come on man.
listening to sexy lady via youtube. stopped my work when it came to his dance part. LOL I HAD TO WATCH MY SEXY ANG ANG DANCE MAN AHAHAH.
A stunning strike from Demba Ba saw Chelsea to a 1-0 victory over Man Utd and into the FA Cup semi final
I will do my best. Thanks bro:) RT twitterusername twitterusername since Anugerah till now , u have my support man, All the best :)
IDEAL MAN can sing exceptionally well look hot in glasses Gorgeous eye smile dimples sweet kind adventurous brave has virtues polite loving
Cldnt sleep and i went to watch ep139 of running man...laugh die me! The theme is that winter, when the tornado blows! Hahahaha
??twitterusername If you're so Mexican fix your man a plate woman!!??? I ain't see no ring on my finger fix ur own got damn plate
Third arrest over Brazil bus rape: Police in Brazil arrest a third man accused of robbing and raping a foreign... twitterurl
HAHAHA well that was funny babe. Yeah i'm a man not a... ??? Hahaha okay now that we have established that....I wa... twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone: April 03, 2013 11:41... twitterurl #singapore
Awh man that is so true. I have no love for recycled tweets. They get tiring after the hundredth time I read it.
Zanas told me i got chosen for 4 x 100m and 4 x 400m. What. Seriously man. Miss Lee didn't even ask me anything.
Gonna have the Managing Editor of twitterusername in our studio soon - tune in to #TheDrive on twitterusername as we chat about all things "MAN"! ;)
Man in China's Zhejiang province dies of H7N9 strain of bird flu, bringing the total deaths attributed to the virus to 3
If you got say "nigga" to you, and you responded with "Whitass". I'm a nigga man, don't judge the other nigga :(
Omg i want to watch INFINITE version of 60sec! RT twitterusername Infinite to perform 60 Seconds & Man In Love later on KBS Music Bank!!
LOL wut man! RT twitterusername Sunye's infant will not cry right after being born, instead it will let out a silent but audible whisper..\
"twitterusername If any chance i upset her n she left me,i will sing when i was ur man...." You need a piano to make it more dramatic
Today I had a HTH talk with twitterusername and he made sure I thought about stuff. Siala, idiot man. So confused now????
Bought my second pair of scandals. The first pair tore apart while I was chasing bus 27 last last last last last week man
I swear Fatyn's place is the best house to hang out at man. Hands down. Tak kire ah Pasir ris ke Whampoa hahaha.
Do you mind losing your virginity to a man that you l... ??? I mind. That won't happen. No matter how mich i love ... twitterurl
"In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman." - Margaret Thatcher twitterurl
Oblivion,  Fast and Furious 6, Saving General Yang & Iron Man 3 in the next two weeks.... so many movies.. this... twitterurl
I think ill move to tanjong pagar as can walk to gym . Ktown. Go to one altitude n kudeta everytime. Perfect man. Ok next round
lol I used to mock this man LOL karma does exist people.... ive been loving him since I hate him lol
hey twitterusername thanks for making that cover bro! damn nice la I swear! I fucking appreciate it man! keep it up bro!
Woahhh. How about me? haha RT "twitterusername twitterusername thanks man! Youre the best guy i ever had in merlimau yang smart ni. Haha."
Chelsea interim manager Benitez says his team must improve defensively ahead of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Man City at Wembley
Can running man start faster so that my brother can get out of the room and I can sleep. Gotta wake up at 8 tmr ??
I don't give a shit about reputation and fame. If i've done something wrong, i admit it and face it like a man. WHERE GOT TIME FOR FAME???
Oh man so many things to do this weekend...essay, com application, portfolio, midterm revision...it's a neverending list of schoolwork ;A;
Unless you have a metric tonne to drop on him. #shards QT twitterusername Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat. #glasses;
Obviously better la duh? How dumb can u get man LOL! ... ??? Nabei just go fuck yourself and shut the hell up. Hat... twitterurl
It's alr frustrating that Idk how to answer you coupled with your incessant bugging no man this isn't helpful at all just shut it already
During POP I'm always like "don't cry des, don't be a sissy, don't be a bitch . MAN UP N JUST GET OVER IT"
"twitterusername That man, from 1st year Digital Animation wearing orange jacket. Effing cute #iteconfessions" kk thts my brother. im nt jk
I shoulda bought you flowers, or held your hand. Gave you all my hours when I had the chance. #nowplaying When I Was Your Man - twitterusername
20 000 - I believe Man United will win bpl title for 20th times. Next I will planning something special for her. Keep calm and wait. #GGMU!
My 5yo cousin, watches Big Bang theory. He is like so into it man. He's sick, and he asked me to sing soft kitty! Lol like Sheldon. HAHA!
Man City and Chelsea? Normal circumstances I'd support Chelsea, but now that we're only one point more than them, nah. City please win
Domestic violence: 'As a man, it's very difficult to say I've been beaten up': An inch under six foot tall, Da... twitterurl
Dim sum for breakfast with the family, then meeting that Joel who dua me last night AND WENT MIA for lunch. He's so gna get it man. ????
I gotta make my move man . I can't stay here . I'm worry about my phone . What if something came up and i have to be there ?
trololol hahahahah this secondary school boy sleeping then this mafia man punch his head for leaning onto him hahhaha poor boy
Name three things you have never done, but would like... ??? Bungee Jumping , sleeping on a beach and eat many man... twitterurl
Good luck to ACS(I) and ACS(BR) during the rugby finals later! May the best man win ahhaa. ???? weet weet
? I'm telling you that I'm a broken man who's finally realised you're standing in moonlight but you're black on the inside ?
Oh gawd. RT twitterusername Better than a 'real' couple. Felt so jealous. I wish I have a man like Taehyung or Jin. Dx twitterurl
What do you do if you know a girl is trying her best to steal your man away from you? Ladies any help?
rooney shouldn't go..mourinho knows how important rooney is to man united and that's why he is trying to take him away.. #GGMU
And yes he's my primary school friend but hell man it was so awkward I went on with ' Hey you're my primary school friend'
Wah lau, the part when the girls dance on their knees and go up and down very hot!!!! I wanna learn! Sure can get man like that. HAHAHA
"But we managed to do it in time-" uh yeah because you suddenly remembered what HE WAS MUMBLING? YEAH THANK HIM MAN.
Only ate a piece of lempeng and a bowl of maggi for today. Man i feel like anorexia girl (lol) (no) (youre fat) (stfu) (go die liao)
Idk how all haikal's workmates could tahan a night shift and immediately go for this jalan. Salute to you police officers man
Marriage's a mess.fightings abuse disagreement there no love & wooing any more the man has gotten what he wants and is getting rapidly bored
HERESY! BURN THIS MAN ON THE STAKE! RT twitterusername I wonder how many people actually know that the solar system is actually a helical system,
Logged into Facebook after a week or so. And i got hooked into reading a string of comments by a (Fat) man.
I'm not bold at all"twitterusername Will you independent black bitches buy a man a drink and initiate convo or nah"
[Y!FB] A Chinese man was assaulted by three people for trying to stop a child from urin...: A Chine... twitterurl #singapore
Her trying my clothes on, the nerve!!! RT twitterusername What's worse,coming to find your man on top of another ... twitterurl
Just helped a young man who is partially blind find his way at the MRT. The kind of intrinsic reward I receive from taking a step out to
Think, Singapore! > Injured navy man will get desk job: He says he is looking forward to taking up role navy h... twitterurl
??twitterusername A wise man is he who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.   Epictetus???
What is one thing you don't like about yourself/ what's one thin... ??? I want to become a better man for the future. twitterurl
Can't use the toilet bc the man is servicing the air cons and need to go to the toilet for water and whatever.
Injured navy man Jason Chee will get desk job: SINGAPORE - Navy serviceman Jason Chee will be given a desk job... twitterurl
Nicki said she aint fucked that man.....gucci lying. I'm weak at him. She said he fighting for one more ounce of relevance. Desperate much?
In other news Zimmerman did his wife and her daddy like that but that's the man they found not guilty....oh!
One day you will wake up and realize how perfect she was. But when that day comes, she will be waking up beside the man who already knew.
When you meet a man, you judge him by his clothes; when you leave, you judge him by his heart. - Russian Proverb
Soooo...  you'll talk to anyone who What's app you?  :) ??? I'll talk to anyone in real life man. Hahaha nothing b... twitterurl
have you ever looked at an old man eating alone and all you want to do is adopt him and stuff
Watching Running Man in school because I have quite some time before Japanese class and I don't really wanna start on essay so.. 8D
How about you be a man and freaking confront those gi... ??? Oh yeah sure. I'll do that. But after i confront them... twitterurl
You GGMU huh? RT twitterusername This sort of made up the decision for me watching Man U v crystal palace this sat evening instead
63 year old gynaecologist pleaded guilty on having sex with a minor. What the fuck that old man is really desperate hahahaha
So do i boy. So do i. I miss ya man. And the rest of ... ??? dude i fucking miss you, i fucking miss the old crew.... twitterurl
oh man! she shld take tt up! metwitterusername watch that >.< ??twitterusername Clara turns down MC offer fm 'Quiz to Change the World' twitterurl
Maybe it's not okay. I'm so pissed. Still. Like. Fuck you old man. Quit your job and stay at home. God dammit.
Photoset: americano-addict: himchan seeing himself more as an SF man rather than an LA one OKAY I HAVE TO GO... twitterurl
Hais, only sent him off yesterday and already missing him. This is shit man... Haiya, at least it's only 5 days.
To tear you and yr man apart isn't funny at all. It hurts. Wait till it hit you back. I'm sure you love it.
How to make me look like a loser in football? Ask me to dribble with my right foot hahaha rabak man
Strootman thriving in a three-man midfield alongside Pjanic and De Rossi and Totti continues defying his age with such performances.
#lifestyle #news: Boston homeless man finds bag stuffed with cash, turns it in: He found bag at a s... twitterurl #singapore
As a man I put down my pride to plead you back. Instead of bitching behind. I see you no up la!
??twitterusername Howard Webb has been appointed referee for Manchester City v Manchester United on 22/09/13??? VICTORY GUARANTEED FOR MAN U!!!
Does it ever occur to you that guys are taking advantage of kindness and beauty? ??? All da time man, all the time twitterurl
I wish you'll meet someone who'll accept you for who you are. Don't be too choosey, young man. You're 19 years old. Be mature please x')
waiting for the food to be served is like waiting for the money to drop from the sky man.. 15mins liao.
Let me feel your hard cock Ben. I want to suck you dry and make you cum ??? Okay sure man twitterurl
[Y!] Body found along Kallang River bank: The body of a man was found on Thursday morning lying on ... twitterurl #singapore
BEEN SAYING THIS MAN"twitterusername Dudes don't know the difference between a wet pussy & an infection. Y'all get turned on by anything."
the man has guts, has flair and is classy, me likes! ??twitterusername A Birthday Article in Economist for Mr Lee twitterurl #fb
chill. the world isnt always about you man. plus my mother is close to majority of my ex's so it's not always about him. ha ha
Popularity and looks mean shit to me ...my favourite group is not popular my second favourite man in Kpop is relatively unknown in kpop
What the fuck is happy happy cab to northpoint then rmb I forgot to bring my camera. Tomorrow's blog post is gonna be shitty aw man
Think about that fat another race woman yell at me during concert yest, I wanna also her face n pull her hair off man...
Wtf srsly some old man is complaining abt hw lousy de food  temple is giving when people make so much donations. Got free food eat still kp
Shanghai free trade zone will deal a blow to Hong Kong, says Li Ka-shing: Asia's richest man Li Ka-shing warne... twitterurl
Nginep semalem di hotel bulgari uang jajan aku 2 thun juga gk cukup .. Justin how proud im of u .. This kid so rich man .
Even tho I'm not YB/DAE/RI Stan, I still cheered for them man. When YB said I Love You, I said I Love You back.
Not a great match for man utd fans. I hope Moyes learn from it though.. Horrendous amount of pressure in the first few months of work..
Done with the kitchen reports and I was like.. Whatt? Syirin and Man dah sampai Madagascar. While aku masih di Malaysia.
??twitterusername I rather fail than kena scolded??? epp Unit Drill Instructor... Endure ok. Not just in CCA. In studies also. Chillex man
??twitterusername Birmingham's loanee from Man Utd, Jesse Lingard scores all 4 for #BCFC on debut. He was 90/1 to score a hat-trick???\
Mai kaopeh lah XIInkies.. Want to play in other people's leagues then you man up and face their hostility lah. Otherwise go watch golf.
Do you think it is wrong when we come in to teach that man & woman are equals & that archaic misogynistic facets of a culture should reform?
fuck man i slept with 88% of battery at 7.30am and woke up with 9% left and my phone feeling hot as hell?????
I love you in german if im not wrong. hahaha. ??? aw thats so sweet la fuck! love you too man xo twitterurl
"A hero can be anyone. Even a man simply putting a coat around a young boy's shoulder just to let him know that the world hadn't ended."
A man like telling story when he is happy but a girl like it  when she is sad or happy.. And its true..
You know those adult romance novels with illustrations of a topless man and some woman with long flowy hair & skanky gown. That sort.
Hi pindian waddup. Are u gonna attempt changing cours... ??? Sup man, hmmm i'm not sure but i really hope so! I wo... twitterurl
.twitterusername I'm a man trapped in a woman's body. When ... ??? LOL FUCK OFF, what kind of weird ass question is this. twitterurl
when holidays arrive i have alot of US series shows and korean drama to catch man omg teen wolf, suits & big
It's 2013, Seriously, it's time we put away the 2,000 year old man-made myths and grow up as a species Morality is antithetical to religion.
Every man in this company have got their own limit. You continuously playing us you see cupboard will fly down anot.
Joey is so handsome that I wish he is my boyfriend but I must turn him into a real man. Haha. twitterurl
come faster 16th of June come faster bring me to quicker to the man i love twitterusername wait for me sweetie
Nyanyi?galau?curhat?RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername do all the things I should have done, when I was your man~~ *nyanyi* lalal
Teary farewell for young Singaporean man who died from dengue: May 31, 2013 10:53 AMTeary-eyed, a group of 10 ... twitterurl
Have u guys wonder how does pac-man sound works? Try pressing on your palm into your ear several times.. Get that? HAHAHA.
Mymy not coming man damn RT twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername for real!???kml yelp an you caint have nun only my my thoo
hahahah in perth people keep ducks as pets then we had to wait for a man to cross the road with his ducks lol
It made you believe in no man no cry maybe that's why every little thing I do, never seem enough for you.
Addicted to running man to the extent that i have to find the full episodes yang boleh tengok online and even download the app haha
There's something i don't wanna understand, the only way a woman's gonna want a man, the only way you're gonna keep her in your hands....
#1256 - A great footballer. Good luck for tomorrow's Lion City Cup! I'm sure #NFA15 will do well this year insya'Allah, see you tmr man!
"dear boss" "yes maam" "have you had your lunch" "no, why" "nothing. just wanted to see if you're an angry man or..." LOL
Do not!! I repeat do not waste your money on AfterEarth!! Watch Now You See Me instead..or just wait for Man of Steel. #AfterEarth
Oh man, I had such an awesome dream about Kimi last night. The not so awesome part was when I killed myself at the end!! D:
What crime did the posters commit? RT twitterusername So tempted to get one of those Man of Steel posters to be hanged in my room!
When that someone who just talk to you when you talked to him/her, and just forget about you. Fuck you man.
Ftwitterusername bloddy man. I've taken the slight increase of twitterusername making it to 30mg, and now my head feels uncomfortable. But not v tired.
U look fr me when you're having doubts and leave me just like that when you're fine. That's not cool man
#29 Hey dude! How's life man? Thanks for being an asshole and a friend at the same time, HAHA:) Hope we can talk to each other more!!!!:):)!
Texas Instruments MaxLife tech brings fast-charging and 30% longer Li-ion battery life: If I were a betting man, I...  [AndroidAuthority]
[ST] Pimp in online vice ring case loses appeal: June 28, 2013 1:01 PMThe man behind the online vic... twitterurl #singapore
Praying really hard that tomorrow will just be a stay home sunday w no guests cause I think I will stay up to read these fanfictions man.
And sis said a man looked at me one kind and went off .. Hahahaha im not a parent buying for baby -.- its for me , the big baby ..
Man, just the flattest, least responsive legs today. The fatigue is understandable though, since I???ve been sitting on my ass the last 3 days
White house down udah ada, man of steel monters university, now u see me , world war z aja blm nonton! Konspirasi bioskop dan jadwal ujian!
"twitterusername twitterusername I am so waiting for you to follow me man, im a fan of your Steez, your my idol! #ZOOYORK twitterurl
Ill come visit one day :~). Or you can come visit America and you can stay with me :D... ??? i wish man, hahaha! twitterurl
what a joke when i'm the most " naughtiest " in the group and in the end, i'm the only one who did the homework, wow man wow
I've stopped sign in my facebook since there is one mf crazy man sent me several photos of his penis. Sejak tu tak selalu on fb. Yuckss !
Yay me ??? RT twitterusername Lol."twitterusername If ur dating a DBN girl and she's home right now...wife that girl man!!! #DurbanJuly has taken over"
Can anyone access to LEO? I'm gonna die man I can't access and I have no time to do it tonight...
S/O To twitterusername For Going W/ His Move .. Man U Gotta Do What's Best For U Not Whats Best For Anybody Else !!
Wtf man this lady keep digging her nose from the moment I reached to the bus stop like about 10mins ago. 24/7 dig dig dig dig
And it's not fair how all the concerts and fan meets are happening when i'm like in a national exam. so unfair man.
Do you think zaki could play for Nfa? ??? Yeah sure. But idk man, just look at NFA U-16 backline, they are much bi... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Meet the man that started the video game console revolution: When looking back at gaming's shift from the arcade to the li...
[TRE] Prudence man!: Sinkies are now advised to be prudent and not to buy too many over priced prop... twitterurl #singapore
i know that you should have a sense of victory after conquering a puzzle but man putting these pieces together, makes me crumble
"twitterusername u sound so dumb speaking chinese HAHAH twitterusername FUCK YOU!!!! I THOUGHT WHY GOT CHINA MAN CALL ME SIA!! DON'T JUDGE!
Good job man. 5 years down the drain for a group of friends whom you have only known for 1 month.
one black man and one chicken walk into a bar...... chickens can't walk into a bar kayyyy ??? Erm okay lol twitterurl
Ok bhai RT"twitterusername haha so? :p RT twitterusername I'm not married yet.hmm RT"twitterusername A man carry his son..woot woot^^""
Like although he isn't as good as the musical opera singers (partly because he is not trained in that aspect) the man can sing.
Flesh is burning you can smell it in the air cause man like you have such an easy soul to steal.
*Girls*??twitterusername I don't like guys who are popular on the Internet. I like to keep my man lowkey and for myself hehe???
??twitterusername I don't like guys who are popular on the Internet. I like to keep my man lowkey and for myself hehe???
A day dreaming. Manchester is red. #ggmu RT"twitterusername The Man City fans are singing "we're top of the league". We'll post you .."
Telling people how u understand them saying "I feel you man" but In actual fact you don't understand ur own self. Ironic much ?
Football: New Man Utd manager Moyes doesn't want to take the credit for his first trophy as Red Devils boss twitterurl
Oh man reading some people's blogs made me feel sad. Like you actually understand what they are feeling and you can't help but feel sad
"twitterusername A Wise man once told me  "We do not rise to the level of our expectations. We fall to the level of our training"
And there's this note which stated there, "this 19 year old boy has a heartbeat which is abnormal". What was that supposed to mean man
I am not feeling Gurdas Maan's new music.I prefer the older 80s stuff but the man remains my idol and a legend for me.
[TRE] Does Kuan Yew fear a M???sia opposition???s rule?: Lee Kuan Yew in his new book ???One Man???s View o... twitterurl #singapore
"The world shortest horror story : "The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock at the door." THAT MUST BE A WOMAN THEN
In her book House of Darkness House of Light,Andrea Perron describes her mother Carolyn talking to a man who she refers to as Mr. McKeachern
I once held the key and now I have nothing and you were so naive.. I'm sorry for leading you along! I'm just a man~
West Brom are confident they can complete the signing of boss Steve Clarke's top target Man City Scott Sinclair within the next 48 hours.
K. U gotta accept it bro. I'm a lady awww RT twitterusername twitterusername dude!what the hell is going on there!!!you should be a man!
You can tell me more of him since you typed an essay ... ??? LOL Sorry man I'm only able to type long paragraph wh... twitterurl
I should just try to sleep man this headache is killing me. Ok ah not kill ah but i swear its so bad. :-(
just felt like giving some demotivation for yall who like to be jealous and hate on people. just don't man you wasting your own time.
The good thing about being a man in the army is that there's not much responsibility. But the amount of shit you gotta tank is really...
Full-Time! #Fulham 0-1 #Arsenal. I'm glad we managed to hang on against a 10-man late barrage. #AFC #GoonerFamily
If dogs never existed, which animal would take its pl... ??? Cat, cause cat dog is a great show that man loves to ... twitterurl
As a wise man that think if I possess the game with my mind. The reason I wear shades u can't c the pain in my eyes.
Every time I hear The Invisible Man, imaginary shades appear in front of my eyes and I become really cool in my head (and only there)
He's not perfect cuz no man is, but he's mine & he does a great job of keeping it that way... We can get thru anything.
Oh man 100hkd is sing 15 bucks and now Japan so cheap 1000yenn 12bucks so need to go there now now now
Okay for junior no shoreleave no overnight leave for may. Fuck yoy orang tua.aku nak tengok iron man dohh..aku fly jgn tanya kenapa.
I think I change my charger like 4 times a month haha srsly man I just bought 2 like last week abeh rosak sigh pie
[YH!SG-FB] Find out what happens after a man from Brazil pays his friend to inject ink into...: Fin... twitterurl #singapore
woah twitterusername when singing is a different man then the comedian...it powerful full of emotions....it like he sing with all his soul
??The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.???\
Some husbands just won't do their own dishes ever. Worse, can't even put his plate in the sink. Definitely not my kind of man.
glad to see top man twitterusername doing his bit for #mozziewipeout . these mosquitoes proving to be stubborn little bastards biting my little girl
Allah has set you up with someone of the same level as you. So you have to work your way to marrying a soleh man...
Oh man...always start to get 'phone' crazy months before my contract ends! Checking out my next 'wife' for the next 2 years :)
It appears that Real have gone to a three-man defence, an understandable risk and one that increases our chances of seeing a goal
So Iron Man 3 has good reviews, but so did "Skyfall" - the only movie where I was seriously wanting to just walk out of the cinema.
Shit man, booking in today. Main event for the week would probably be " Basic Cardiac Life Support " or BCLS. Lai lai bring it...
Walking around town alone hoping to find something to do. Or should I just head to Amk hub and watch Iron Man alone?
Feel like watching iron man 3 all by myself since most of my fwens are either busy or have already watch.
On da real t)ough fuck these hoes man forreal most of them just wanna leech off a nigga anyway ..get ya own shit
It's TRUTH !!!! But feel that you wouldn't accept man :( ??? its more getting like a prank.... hahaha do i know you? twitterurl
It has been a while man. I can't wait to go home and start writing again. I shouldn't have waited to watch this movie!
I think you need to grow more balls because your two balls are not enough for you to man up to your own mistakes. 3===D
Me? I'm the girl who always missing you everyday RT twitterusername A man who can't be happy without you RT twitterusername Siapa ya? :p RT
Miss chia came back as a pretty taitai today man how glad am I to see her missed her so much,  one of?? twitterurl
You can only day dream ??twitterusername When a man stares at another woman for longer than 9 seconds, he wishes she were his.???
Why is there a picture of you having sex with a panda on the Internet... ??? Oh man show me that shit twitterurl
??Speak the Word. Speak faith ?? ??Faith talks in the language of God. Doubt talks in the language of man???.??? ??? Essek William Kenyon
A man with his coat on, his shiny kiwi-ed shoes, and the laptop bag he carries. And carry his baby kat depan! Aww!! Aww!! #CantStopAwwing
Arsenal, Tottenham n West Brom are believed to be keeping an eye on the contract situation of Man City's 22-year-old Abdisalam Ibrahim
those who already asking Moyes to be sacked is having a same bunch of mindset some have last week...give that man a chance for football sake
My pride my ego my needs and my selfish ways, caused the good strong man like you to walk out of my life.
??twitterusername Got scolded and kinda chased by Some Indian man is sarong. Scary shizz and twitterusername just ran w/o me.???
Habit is habit & not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Remember when man united youth came here and no one cares? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
The last time I lived in a flat was when I was 4. Shit man now I'm confused where's my place :\\
Man's trial in online vice ring case to continue at later date: The case of the third man claiming trial in th... twitterurl
Online vice ring: Third man on trial says mobile phone holds crucial evidence: April 18, 2013 4:50 PMThe third... twitterurl
[CNA] Man dies after uprooted tree hits car at Admiralty Rd West: The National Parks Board said a m... twitterurl #singapore
Wana grow ma hair but cant even be arsed coz dont feel fresh with pure wig lol. Cant win man. Trim tomoz 4 blackpool fuck it
To give a refund to a man without a receipt im rude and stupid AND NOT SINGAPOREAN woah CUSTOMERS ARE SO KINGS AND QUEENS MUST SMILE ALWAYS
Blame yourself for still being on Twitter. Sleep, no? Pfft RT twitterusername Ehhhh fuck y'all with the iron man 3 spoilers la nabei cb! Hahahaha.
People going on that Iron Man 3 is not worth it. Oh shut up and let me get my doze of the sexy Robert Downey Jr.
if i were Omar Borkah Al Gala, i'd say, "Man, i'm handsome because God wants me that way. what's your problem?!"
Currently in the car with the photographer with twitterusername , the bridesmaid and the best man to head to the photoshoot at the airport!
Man United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has been given the go-ahead by the Glazer family, who own the club, to strengthen his side this summer
(Wo)Man!! QT twitterusername Woman shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of the Lord
"twitterusername After iron man 3. Fast furious 6 will ride on our cinema! Wohoo!! Tk sabar woi!" Kenapa twitcon gemok eh?
[ST] Man jailed for trying to steal $70K jewellery from shop: April 26, 2013 2:53 PMA car spray pai... twitterurl #singapore
he said i never heard a man tell a child they smell like outside .. its a female thing .. what does it even smell like ??????
i'll leave you be for now, someday i'll be back being a better man and i hope you'll still be there.
Being the middle man is damn jialat already. Not to even mention being the middle of the middle of the middle.
Besides Iron Man III, what are some other movies you???re looking forward to! Next up for me would be Fast & Furious 6! \
Just finished one work wanting to take a short break and there goes my cuzzie spamming me w math qns. What the hell man. :(
You always no money la hor. You not paiseh I also paiseh for you. Please grow up and be a fucking man.
So now I've 1 EDM mix and I need to do one minimal Mix Gdness been delaying... Inspirations man..... need it...
Imma really need my gma to chill out with this bf tlk. Tlkn bout I was pose to find my man my freshmen year lmao
.twitterusername calling out for responses to Sir Alex Ferguson retiring from Man U. Tweet your thoughts to the acct. #MUFC #ThankYouSirAlex
??twitterusername How faithful are you to your gf? ??? "As faithful as anyone can be." twitterurl Who can doubt your loyalty man?
Accused 'took photo of dead Tia': The man accused of murdering schoolgirl Tia Sharp took a photograph of the n... twitterurl
kite nyanyi je :( RT"twitterusername Tp dibot perempuan. :(((((( RT twitterusername do all the things i should have done. when i was your man #np"
Oh man! Woke up from my sleep, open twitter and saw a nightmare. which is SAF confirm to be retiring this season.
Tony Robbins ??? Life will pay whatever price you ask of it | Anthony ...: This blog stems on from a previous post about a great man an...
Dari kecik wa sokong MU tau! Since I was 3. Imma die hard fan of man utd!!! #thankyousiralex #SFA united all the way twitterurl
Manuel Pellegrini has handed Manchester City a five-man  shortlist of transfer targets after agreeing a 2-year contract to  manage the club
Can we have sex one day? I really wanna feel that pussy ??? don't change the topic HAHA. you insulted your own man... twitterurl
Im thinking of zhamlucan a romantic man who goreng gitar just for me..miss him..but..life must go on sayang..
what do you like to have for breakfast! ??? Banana pancake lor MAI Kai Siew MAI tau HUEY whatever man I just love ... twitterurl
#SingaDidntResign He will hold concurrent posts as the actual 12th man in #LionsXII & be the new mascot for the National Soccer Team. #LATW
Bitch please, mix with the wrong people? Are you fucking indirectly saying that she shouldnt be mixing around with me? What the fuck man
Spock the man himself has spoken, folks. Go see STAR TREK INTO DARKNESS in the theatre. NOW. In IMAX 3D if you can!
Chelsea are ready to fight Man City for Napoli striker Edinson Cavani, who has a ??52m buyout clause in his contract with the Italian club
The latest running man make me laugh so much. Hahas. In the end, law of jungle won.  Byungman is a strong guy I haven't seen it before.
attention seeker ? you blog but do u know it is alrea... ??? Who are you man? Dude, i blog what i want. I dont nee... twitterurl
omg have a safe flight gabby! ??? forgot to wish you omg. ??? have fun in europe or italy idk man haha buy me something ok x. twitterusername
Wife of a man who died in custody in Malaysia accuses officers of torturing her husband before beating him to death twitterurl
how old is this guy? 45? some 45 year old korean man is hating on b1a4? why, are you jealous you're not under wm or something?
Why can't they ask y'all so politely "hi young man, sorry uncle very old, can i hve ur seat pls?" Instead of scolding y'all or etc. hah
Happy burstday twitterusername ! Its gonna be an honour to perform on the same stage as u again! Keep on inspiring dancers around the world man!
6th june 2013- Happy 3rd years anniversary my man. There's nothing to say than thanks to you to be on?? twitterurl
#369 Tahan walaupun lemah eh bro ? Haha one of my trusted friend or should i say bro :) can always rely on you man :)
Always enjoy talks with Cheryl like that man makes me feel like I can say anything to her and not be judged.
Eh big deal sia. He's like 17 years old I guess..playing for the national team man. Mixing with the big boys now.
Man City closing in on signing Fernandinho (??34m) and Jesus Navas (??17m) -  City have also been strongly linked with Malaga playmaker Isco
I think the Dos Equis's spots are way better! -->  Heineken Goes to India for Latest 'Man of the World' Spot - twitterurl #yam
Describe Vergil ??? BERKKKK. Berk is fucking amazing haha. He's damn funny and a good fighter. I love Berk man, he... twitterurl
Ape seh secret secret i mean like c'mon man, this is ask.fm, i can... ??? "Some things are better left unsaid" hahaha twitterurl
Take care of Miranda man~ if not I tok you cui cui ha... ??? LOL!! You don't need tell me uh,I sure takecare of he... twitterurl
My gawd. A man just got hit on the back by a mentally unwell woman on bus for sitting behind her. :/
If youre going to stay like this i hope you fuck off from our lives. If you want a second chance then fucking change you old man
Once they got base in their voice "twitterusername How big does a teenage kid have to be in order for a grown man to whoop his ass?"
JUST IN: Third #dengue death reported in Singapore this year. Victim is an 86-yr-old man who lived in Sembawang Rd.
JUST IN: A third person has died from dengue in Singapore this year. Patient is a 86-year-old man who lived Sembawang Rd.
JUST IN: A third person has died from dengue in Singapore this year. Patient is a 86-year-old man who lived in Sembawang Rd.
I've never met a ring I wanted to wear, but this Man Ring is a different story. Bottle opener! Knife! Saw! twitterurl
Running Man fanmeet in Malaysia will be happening on 7th September! Official announcement will be made by organizer soon! Via: twitterusername
Brainless people all around. Don't ask me to "be a man" just because I'm not doing 21km. You have done it so that's your problem not mine.
Goodnightys! How ironic, my room is super cold when there's not even a physical aircon in here at all. I need a fireplace man!!! Zzzz
Ya lor. Ape la nasib kite =P RT twitterusername twitterusername hahaha try being me then you know crazy tu apa haisss kita senasib dpt busy man
Poor thing. I think this 2 transcom officers were on break when they have to attend to an old man. So much for their break.
wow i nearly died man, just now run with my younger brother machiam like running marathon sia. damn hot, tired, sweaty and breathless omg!
I can teach you. I taught my neighbor last time! RT Veenboi: twitterusername And my first touch omg.... yeah i'll work on that! Thanks man!
I was that pissed when someone accused me of things I didn???t do. Get your facts right before saying man.
& yeah finally bumped into the man himself twitterusername at vivo. Hope I can get a retweet from him haha. Nice seeing you after so long!
Putting my masks to good use here now. Good choice to bring it over man, if not put at home, cfm won't ever use... *lazy*
Running Man Fan Meeting in HK on 13 July 2013, 8pm at AsiaWorld Expo. Gary, Kim Jong Guk, Haha and Ji Suk Jin! twitterurl
Then I was like "pardon" because I didn't know what a fag was then he said "oh sorry man could you spare me a cigarette"
this kind of time is a perfect timing for being a bit cheesy about life, i guess. man why am i so cheesy?!
This morning grandpa came down and water the plants and borrowed vacuum cleaner. And I thought it was quite heavy for an old man to carry it
good. RT twitterusername The man who once had the longest beard in the world died when he broke his neck after accidentally stepping on it.
Mna jailed for helping others to get visit passes for their "wives'': June 11, 2013 1:35 PMA man was jailed fo... twitterurl
i was just a "thing" to you, to everyone, to anyone. right? fuck it man, i just wish i really was a tree sometimes.
Gonna be a shag week for you and me. But remember, it's for us to become stronger as a man. All the best for our outfield! ;) twitterusername
I saw this poor old man in the streets. He was writing an Arabic calligraphy. He was writing it upside down and (cont. next tweet)
When i was your man by twitterusername ft. twitterusername is freaking awesome. Eargasm. The best rendition of that song by far! #nowplaying
Hey yo sup man! Guess who i am (: White ??? WHITE? Whoever u are, I will find u, and i will kill u. hahaha... twitterurl
#23/#18 hi slut!! :) you're the most gossipy guy friend of mine. You better become a 'man' soon :P Thanks for not judging me so much :P
While riding my back (otw home), I've planned evrthg I wanna do once I reach home. Mandi. And then some running man. Then go to sleep.
Herro joycey poycey will see you around in class, my very dry wit wou... ??? Who are you man don't freak me out!!!!!! twitterurl
Happy BIrthday twitterusername ! Hope you have a great day today! Nice playing alongside with you in twitterusername Kick balls soon man love ya <3 :-*
Mario Chalmers has an 8.4 career scoring average. But his average is 11.5 in 13 career Finals games. he had a big nogjt man twitterusername
??twitterusername Wth did you buy man RT twitterusername So i spent about $100 during the 3days twitterusername event! Haahhaah??? i spent $200
Oh man... the more i see topless females djs behind the decks, the more i feel sorry for the art of Djing... #stained
'a handsome guy and a pretty girl will make a beautiful wedding but a faithful man and a pious woman will make a beautiful marriage.' thanks
i dunno man, these tyre failures are making me nervous. i'm living from lap to lap, not even thinking of the race finish yet D: #F1
When "my love" by Westlife echoing softly in Spa and you hardly try not sing because you're a mature man now.
PHOTO: A man tries to fry an egg on a rock as temperatures hit 54 deg C in US. More pics: twitterurl twitterurl
This ain't what I came to ITE for man, isn't it supposed to be hands-on and not fking theory which is we are supposedly retarded at
Man jailed for punching cabby and fined for mischief: October 01, 2013 12:33 PMA chef who punched a taxi drive... twitterurl
I am resigned to fate ...cos twitterusername is my bias.....I accept being twitterusername monkeys leader he is eccentric but ....man usually he sociable
I Thank God For twitterusername , twitterusername And twitterusername Man! They Are Really Molding Me To Be UNSTOPPIBLE In The Game! #DCMG
describe palani :-) ??? Hehehe very funny dude and cool. Your Jokes are great man. And your nigga typing is so ann... twitterurl
Sighs. Buat kerja sikit, baring. Sikit je, baring. So sleepy. The meds definitely kickin in... gimme a break man. Needa do my work
Spent the night watching Think Like A Man and Project X with Seha and then fell asleep and now I miss you quite terribly.
Man. Whats going on?? Ananas Cafe & Kopitiam Mee Soto sold out. Think what, free Mee Soto or Mee Soto day ah?
While preparing the stuffs for an exciting day at Skyvue, my little man woke up and came to study room,  wanting... twitterurl
[News] Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl: A father of two who held two jobs to... twitterurl
So twitterusername you came to Singapore for coffee but didn't bother to let me know?! I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS MAN COME ON
Sometimes I think because he is a gay man he is staving off the letter to the colorectal department because he wants to teach me a lesson?
When they are busy licking the ass and skid marks of the Arab man, who probably doesn't think highly of Southeast Asians anyway. LOL!!!
Body found in trolley bag: Cause of death of man who had history of taking drugs cannot be ascertained: Coroner twitterurl
Wtf man. All the people answering their calls in the bus all have a megaphone as a mouth. Tone down, people.
??twitterusername Thanks for the time man???? twitterusername Sure thing bro! Just text me when you need any advices i'll be sure to help ;)(;
Bakemonogatari is pure art man this stuff is real good. Out of the 10 animes i watched this week, this one takes the cake, hands down.
Fuck man, and you could clearly see how they enjoyed B's performance more, IDK it's like always so much btr than A's somehow :\\
Only reason I support Moyes is because he is the manager of Man United n I love them too much to want to see them do badly.
What man . . . having a hundred sheep, if he loses one of them, does not leave the ninety-nine in the wilderness,... twitterurl
#YOURNEWS: SCDF said a man in his 20s was sent to NUH after being involved in Toh Guan Rd accident. twitterurl
of 'commando' hurls expletives in library: The video of a middle aged man filmed who is in a fit of anger hurl... twitterurl
The phone signal kept dropping, and I remember thinking in those blocks of silence, "Man, the PR folks better be recording what I'm missing"
Man United have offered Adnan Januzaj ??30k a week in the wake of his matchwinning display against Sunderland. He is currently on ??1k a week
Praise for medic who helped man in accident: October 10, 2013 6:29 AMWhen Private Ong Liang Kun was on his way... twitterurl
I will be glad when I get a man and I can start coming home to dinner, hot bath & a massage #wishfulthinking
Wtf is wrong man what am i doing incorrect why am i working a shit job why am i getting rejected all the time why why
"Save your ass man wkwk LOL=))RT twitterusername Surprise sex is a great thing to wake up to... Unless you're in prison."
"He described Kabala as a very social person, a fast learner and a man of many talents" cc twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
"Do u sell iPhone screen protectors?" "Yah but I cannot stick it for you" UH THATS HALF OF THE PRODUCT MAN.
Why the fuck ppl like to stomp NS man sia let them have their fun la they get to book out twice a week oni leh
Tenang je RT twitterusername Luis Su??rez says he is calmer and a new man following Liverpool return twitterurl via twitterusername
Trying to hold my laugh as the white guy next to me listens to Wrecking Ball. We can all hear it man. #manhoodGone
I wish we were a British protectorate or colony still, wouldn't have to serve NS then.... ??? yeah man oh well haha twitterurl
Went back sparring after so long, but only with my sister though. Felt the pain and though it sounds weird, but i miss it DAMN A LOT MAN.
I Have A Great Feeling About Da Homie twitterusername New Project Man! I Know It's Gonna Shut A Few Niggas DOWN!! #NAPPYBOY #DCMG
wah my neighbour, srsly cannot tank man. face forever so black -_-. roll eyes somemore. study so smart also no use, attitude kns.
If you don't have more than 50 boxers. We can't date. Im sorry my man can't wear the same boxers 20 times in a year.
A dog is much like a married man, obeying his master's voice for the sake of his master's touch.  ~Robert Brault
are you a virgin? i'm not and it's been bothering me ... ??? fuck society man. u have made that decision to do it ... twitterurl
that guy looks hot man omg he was holding on to the guitar and he had black specs and nice hair. good looking & has good body shape lol!'
fuck la package arrived in Singapore but wasn't delivered to my house WTF MAN SINGPOST ALL THE AWARDS GO TO YOU
Russian accused of threatening air steward to blow up plane claims trial: A 26-year-old Russian man??accused of... twitterurl
Thanks for being bersih. "twitterusername Saw a man putting up PAS flags. He saw a BN flag fall to the ground, picked it up, set it right."
Nice one! I'm a MCR fan too! Hahah :) I like it when ... ??? Nice to know that you love mcr man! Ive been listenin... twitterurl
and I feel so fucking cheated by the old man now that my brother told me he's lying wtf am I your daughter or not
I used to be a man, then a few years ago i've been cheated by those golddiggers and now here i am... Trying to get revenge on woman
Man, it was so awkward waiting for someone to open Dinah's house door. End up, left the things at the gate. Hahah
"twitterusername Crush, I'm having a really hard time getting over you. The worst part is, I never even dated you." omg this man
I shall ajak bf watch iron man 3 on sunday so i can get the cheese balls or wtv so nice lol
Girlfriend said she isn't cooking tonight. God put milk and eggs inside you, God wants you to cook.???  any man say this to me will be slapped
I have been supporting bayern after man u have gone out of CL. But i do support barcelona for liga bbva only. Haha
Man U will celebrate their title triumph with an open-top bus parade on May 13th - starting at Old Trafford and ending in the city centre.
Iron man 3 mmg fully booked kat mana mana tempat pun, except satu tmpat ni, howyeahh!! Gonna watch it with Aidil soon, blik cepat lahh gila!
i've gotta fucking hold my own. When I understand its time to be a man, Im gonna kill 'em with kindness.
i bet this is man is the one you've been searching for, someone you can entrust your heart to ?? twitterusername twitterurl
Man City are closing in on 26-year-old Edinson Cavani, rated at ??60m by his club Napoli, after agreeing in principle terms with the player.
busy day tomorrow , having Breakfast at Triple One -Hotel , Interview @ Panpac , Lunch & Iron Man 3 Movie date with luv & shopping :xx
its mean for you to say " nahh " instead of gm "twitterusername twitterusername awe man thats mean . Its to early aint nobody got time for that"
??twitterusername Actually aku Spiderman. Tpi tkd org percaye. Sigh. Tkp la. At least aku bilang krg.??? Aku iron man, i have to reveal the truth.
Me too man. Just want to see what is all the hype about their UBAH ??twitterusername Tbh I was kinda hoping pr won. Sikit. Sikit laaaa.???
State media: U.S. man sentenced in N. Korea not 'bargaining chip': The case of a U.S. citizen sentenced to 15 ... twitterurl
Speedboat victim was BSkyB executive: A man who died in a speedboat crash off the Cornish coast, which also ki... twitterurl
??twitterusername 4 yr old boy dresses nicer than a 40 yr old man. comeon he's wearing a Gucci belt twitterurl ok he's 4!?
Bby! I'm off to watch Iron Man with Family! Will mention you once I'm home alright?:* I love you!:* mwa! :* twitterusername
#farcry3 #blooddragon release last week gonna vist the shop and buy its !! D next one man shooter again for me !! :D
Ever since school started, I'm back to eating 5 meals a day(considerably 5 big meals and not the controversial 5 small meals). Oh man.
4 years ago my sis & I saw this man & mistook him for lee junki~His voice in It's you made me an ELF.Thank U yesung~? twitterurl
I shld be sleeping right now but instead I'm watching this guy in some thong playing some crappy song on some crappy guitar what is this man
Man I went to the hospital today & let them slice this boil that was under my arm & squeeze that hoe .. Talking bout pain
Arsene Wenger on Mancini possibly leaving Man City: "I am against short-termism because I believe stability is needed inside the clubs."
it'a better having someone who's brave enough to say "no" and yells for your own good rather than a 'yes-man' that leads no good.
"twitterusername twitterusername man you bet not take that stuff off" Girl bye I need to lay comfortable lol I'll be ok
Ms lim guihao is a really good teacher man. And i think she was in a good mood today because she didnt scold us ?
???????? RT twitterusername Lookin @ my new man wish it was u RT twitterusername Nigga don't want his girl back till she wit #SOMBODYELSE!???
Its one thing to post a picture of the Thaiger who gave you HIV. Its wtf when you then said you???re already married. WHAT THE FUCK MAN?
still haven't watched Iron Man 3. Heard it didn't really live up to its extreme hype. Oh wells, hope Star Trek tomorrow is good.
hahahaha okayyyy turning my attentin to food food and tv and food instead of this bahan sorry man but u have issues w cotton on
A confident, strong, real man has no issue being with a strong, real woman even if she's more successful than him.
aww Norfasarie family at Safra Yishun , If it was Monday man i can jus pop in during my break and grab a pic with her n her kids :))
Zefuck RT twitterusername Nicknames of me- Pri sch : Chicken , tall man , upper dragon .. Sec sch : ji chou , ah zef , zef ah , polar bear
I don't put my ws icon my picture hahaha i always put either random indian man pic or some other random girl hahaha
Woke up & thought these were in my dream - morphine, meth, fatimahrocker, seth, cikpon, skidmark but worse was "Chill La Man"! Kimak kedi!!
Yeaaah. Goodnight kak.RT twitterusername Go and klaim your own victory :) I will be the Happyest man ever who see you guys succeed
Also it sucked that my phone can't detect wi-fi anymore hence the quiet in Prague. But man, that place was magical. Need to be back soon <3
What the hell man. Im watching this mv on youtube fanfest and all they sing is "oh yeah..out with my girlfriend..my girlfriend"
40 yo Malaysian man rapes 13 yo girl & defends his 'right' to marrying her by using... you guessed it, Sharia Law. twitterurl
Champions Man United earned a record ??60.8m in television revenues for the 2012-13 season, more than any of their Premier League rivals
I walked slowly cos is raining! But s the green man turning red, I increase my speed & I tripped forward. I used my hand to break the fall..
MAN ? I GERL GERL LA. BAWAH FLAT PLS HEHE ??? HAHAHAHA. Okay since you girl taknak cari pasal with you okay peace ... twitterurl
Bj.. Stop with the I hate girls thing okay??? You're ... ??? loooool alright man i will haha. BUT UNTIL THEN FUCK ... twitterurl
Because a wise man once said, it's just a bad day, not a bad life. And bad days don't last forever.
"If a man vow a vow unto the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he shall not (cont) twitterurl
Alright man. I've finished with the designing of the webpage's banner using the Photoscape software. I'm beri beri satisfied with what I've
that moment when running man is released on a monday night and you don't know whether to be happy or feel sad cos like R.I.P productivity
Noobs soccer player ??? Cant say man. Its demoralising to say out their names. I know how it feels to be stated as... twitterurl
with red lipstick leather boot and sexy sway i will chew u up and spit u out ...no longer the innocent girlfriend but the man eater you made
If only i can meet twitterusername just to take pic and his adorable son ofc ~ ^^ that'd be my awesome day man.!
Sky, the man who intro'd me to being a cheerio, is a special one:) he made me learn that life aint always about work, havin fun is essential
HAHAHAHA tak sanggup saya nak ketawa XD ??twitterusername kinda awkward when You fell infront of twitterusername at Al-iman mosque. RUNNING MAN !???
First of all, thank you Tottenham Hotspurs for blitzing Man City. I hope you guys make it into the Champions... twitterurl
For Man City, you can beat us in one-off games but to win a league, that is not enough. Football is not won on paper too.
Does Grace still own you a lunch date? HAHAH. Shi wo ??? Totally! She owes me a lunch date for so so long man... G... twitterurl
Fucking pissed off. 5 year old tortured and raped in new Delhi by a grown man. Wtf she's only 5 you desperate vile scum. Disgusting
dafuq kamon la blue moon RT twitterusername Spurs' three goals were separated by six minutes and 22 seconds. Tottenham 3-1 Man City. #TOTMCI
Yeah Bale u can wear #21 !! RT ??twitterusername Come to us! ;) RT twitterusername Congrats to Man United on winning the title???
I took one pic with this green man, in e end he n his Frend took 5pics with me in their phone, posing?? twitterurl
when I asked him to ask the group of people, he said "oh I'm scared. A lot of people" WTF man.
Iron Man 3 suffers frm confused plotting & more noisy nonsense than a comic-book movie should have to put up with twitterurl
Rip twitterusername i was thinkn bout him hard af last night... Smh I miss that man so much its still hard 2buhlee he really gone...
Someone should bring me to kiddy palace on my birthday and get me a hulk & iron man mask hah. or power rangers too maybe. idk.
Glad I Was Able To Come & Make A Name For Myself Outchea & Wasn't Depending On That .. Man I Would B Fucked lol
Beer is not good flu / cold medicine, not even for man flu, perhaps it's slow working or i need to up the dosage #perhsps
Gasak tomato dah kena panahan rm hakhak RT twitterusername My wallpaper is the picture of running man members laughing . Comel woi
That steve Irwin guy i really thought his death would be because of a crocodile. But a sting ray. Who knew man. Life's unpredictable liddat
Jose Mourinho admits he was devastated to hear the news that Sir Alex Ferguson was retiring as Man United manager at the end of the season.
[ST] Police appealing for information on missing 83-year-old man: May 11, 2013 6:03 PMPolice are ap... twitterurl #singapore
.twitterusername nah. you shouldn't stay being a victim nor should you mutate into a bully. you should be the bigger man.
On this day in 2005: Malcolm Glazer gained control over Man United after buying the 28.9% share owned by J.P. McManus and John Magnier
Take you to every party cause I remember how much you live to dance.do all the thing I've should done when I was your man. #FuckAddicted
Watching Man United vs Real Madrid UCL QF second leg in 2003. What a game that was. Do you remember twitterusername
oh wow plot twist. Teacher who raped, hurt and and killed his students. Man, this manga is all over the place.
There is no way back to her, but it's impossible for her to heard the word she shouldn't know. Best scene! #OfCourse #X-man #JongKook&EunHye
Fuck la bought a fucking nice coffee but the lady cheated my $$ and I have extra $10 to her ugh fuck man
!!! RT twitterusername Running Man Lee Kwang Soo Fan Meeting In Singapore,7pm to 9pm, Sat 17 August 2013 at Festive Grand @ Resorts World Sentosa!
First person dies of dengue in current epidemic: May 30, 2013 3:41 PMA young man has become the first person t... twitterurl
Police nabbed four women and a man arrested at an illegal gambling den: May 29, 2013 6:59 PMFour women and a m... twitterurl
Watching that men spitting at each other on the train video, and can't help noticing the baby beside the old man is so cute.
Lol,if teacher ask y my younger sis never do her e learning,I confirm say " old man is the 1 tat don't let us do"
Singapore should build more hotels with those plunge pool man... and why my birthday have to be during the peak holiday period :(
Ireland really do appear to have settled for a draw, with nearly every man in green camped in their own half.
??If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.???
Stomp shouldn't exist. It's like, we don't owe you a living. We can do anything we want man. Go fuck yourself. Lol
Dafuq , running man will be at Boon Lay jurong point . Should I go and see them ? Heard there's large crowd over there ...
Some of the Running Man members (KJK, HaHa) also thanked the fans in English & the fansign has come to an end! #RunningManInSG
wow running man fanmeet was one hell of a mess. the crowd was literally in the thousands and we couldn't even walk.
251 to see running man. Might as well buy 3ds and pokemon x holy hills I want to play that game so badly :(
"man I'ma shoot your ass" "Cedric watch your profanity" "MR ARIAS YOURE WORRIED ABOUT THE PROFANITY AND NOT WHAT HE JUST SAID" IM SO DONE
Had a great dinner with my man tonight. Its amazing how service standards at a restaurant, makes or breaks the entire experience.
[Y!FB] Not many of us might have given this much thought, but when you call a shoe "nud...: Not man... twitterurl #singapore
How can someone just leave someone else's life so easy man? Like that person means nothing to you. how did you even do that? Teach me.
Do you need to bang on table to ensure people listen? Thought you're such a persuasive man? Unfortunately, you're not. You're a twat..
Jail, driving ban for man caught side-swiping motorcycle on viral video: A lorry driver who side-swiped a moto... twitterurl
what's up with 91.3 man? Tgh shiok shiok listening to Foster The People, then some random radio ad pop up while the song was playing -.-
On Mon's last ep of #teenageself 9pm, we r honoured to have #nickvujicic as our guest. 'No arms. No legs. No worries.' - the man has spoken.
Try meeting a guy instead of a girl maybe ?? Who knows you'll change your mind? ??? NO WAY MAN SORRY BUT HELL NO twitterurl
Security guard who was filmed in a kungfu fight with a man outside The Cathay mall has been sent for counselling twitterurl
I'll not going to gigs anymore. I should start my new life with my man and new friends and my study.
Man fuck this,Im just guna start being a heartless bitch who doesnt have feelings whats so ever tht way I dnt like or feel shit towards ANY1
Haish drama mama man today.I gt panic like shit when twitterusername lost her laptop at first bt alhamdulillah we found it thnks to twitterusername :D
Man tries to rob IndyCar driver J.R. Hildebrand with fake gun: Driver scares would-be robber away: If you are ... twitterurl
Need to complete a lot of works asap bebeh. And now I absolutely knew that being a class rep is not cool, man urgh.
omg srsly what is wrong with my mom she just said: "chase idols is better than cosplay what why you no-- /points at running man/" DAFUQ?!
Man jailed 7 years for having anal sex with underage girl, 29 years younger: October 18, 2013 11:53 AMA techni... twitterurl
You people don't make jokes abt the lesbian ones but you do it on the gay guys instead? Fuck off man!
The pay and job scope difference between degree and d... ??? tourism wise i don't think so. yeah man i am gonna ac... twitterurl
I will post the Running Man Fanmeet videos in just awhile on fb (not mine, all frm one of the fans on youtube)
[News] Man jailed for stealing caged birds: Yeo Boo Hock, 43, stole two 'Jambul' birds worth $650 and two bird... twitterurl
Can i call u joshthepindick? Guess who am i? :D ??? Thanks man pindick seems to give alot of clues eh twitterurl
cari punya cari, my sister is the one that stole my earphone. eww i hate shared earphone.... i have to sanitize this thangg first man
The Running Man Race Start! In SG Fan Meeting has ended! They'll be back nxt year as 7 hopefully! #RunningManinSG twitterurl
Bloody heck a beetle just took a dive into my knee like get a grip on yourself man you've been ramming into surfaces for too long
Last clip was meant to say "Running Man daebak!" but got cut off hahaha! Can't wait for them to come?? twitterurl
A man said they got turfed like mary an joseph ! Hahahaaa twitterusername ohhhh shitttt. No room at the inn for twitterusername n twitterusername
If you go on Google Maps and type 52.376552, 5.198303 , you will see a man dragging a dead body into the lake
I dunno man, it feels like Kimi's got a grenade, pulled the pin, and he's dropping it into his foxhole - consequences be damned.
Ciyus? twitterusername A man from Indonesia left his 9 dogs unfed for 2 weeks. When he returned home his starving dogs attacked and...
Don't stay up at night wondering where to find a good man! Because good men are not found, they find you
First day of ECU to now. This man has been there for me no matter what. I'd say we're getting pretty serious. twitterurl
Damn this primary school kid keeps swearing non stop man when I was younger i didn't even dare to say stupid .__.
If anyone asked what's with the mask, it's the face of Guido Fawkes and he is a religious man. And The Anonymous is anti-illuminati
I turn left, there's things wanted of me. I turn right, there's problems awaiting me. I don't know man. There's so much one can handle.
Man United wins the game without even needing to step up a gear. Heck they didn't even need to start their engine.
How fuck my bro turned from bloody ugly fucker to a ifdk what man wanna know ? Go to his insta ; twitterusername
[TheVerge] Last man streaming: Spotify's $250 million war chest makes it the music company to beat: Among the many things that Spotif...
I am trying to watch twitterusername accepting his Sexiest Man Alive award on twitterusername but YouTube won't let me. Loaded but won't play!
What the hell, just because that ns man drinks a bottle of plain water in the train, the stupid FT wana post in stomp.fucking ridiculous.
Joe Hart and Roberto Soldado... Two talents being wasted right now? My Man City v Tottenham column in twitterusername today #thfc #MCFC
Friday's pace setter Nico Rosberg was the man to get closest to his compatriot to make it an all-German frontrow.
If you were going to do karaoke tonight, what song wo... ??? ummmm when i was your man, the one that goy away, utu... twitterurl
Walao eh what a game man. I think the happiest set of people will be the press. Much to report on. #SellingPapers
about this wonderful man in this big blue box who at the beginning of every story lands somewhere where there is a problem. - neil gaiman
take care ka?????????"twitterusername It was such a nice trip in Bangkok. Now boarding to Jakarta and then straight off to Bali. Man, i l
DAYUM. A levels makes you go both insane and rigid. Someone remove my back and replace it with a new one man. #alevelproblems
wanted to gym. ended up playing hide and seek with tan wil beng. you mad man stop chasing me for homework hahaha
watching running man on some random ass channel to give it a try?? Don't understand whats going on??? But i sure know there's A PRETTY GIRL
Still think the best Korean Drama is Boys Over Flowers no matter how interesting The Heir and The Innocent Man is.
My son gon be asking about his daddy.. Imma say,, Baby.. Your daddy was a good man until I found out he wasn't shit....
I assume everything a girl tweets about her boyfriend is a lie. Esspecially when they rave about how good there man is lol
' true love means always there for your man, even if he ends up dead and have a bull's head for a face ' awwww, so sweet.
(Paul wants to be Borat with green thong. Martin said he'll take a photo of that. Morgan ofc wants to be Iron Man. And John, Sonic lol) #blg
hahaha have a bad feeling for man utd???s match against southampton??. they???re currently 4th on the table WHUT??! #underdogs
I Put It Down So Long And So Scrong That Cha Bitch A Leave Home Do Wrong Man Ya Bitch Is Off The Leash! -GUCCI
I can read that man like a book. And I know him too well to know he's not the one for me.
missed out so much from the running man fan meet and asia tour (i guess that's what its called) :( Rm even came to zouk wow.
[TheVerge] Tricorder scammer arrested after defrauding investors of $800,000: A man who claimed he had invented a Star Trek-style tri...
Jose #Mourinho embroiled in 20-man tunnel bust-up at Stamford Bridge when he branded #WBA's Jonas #Olsson a "Mickey Mouse player". #CFC
If a man "steals" your girl, you should be thanking instead of hating him. Any girl that can be "stolen" from you was never yours anyway.
Don't be too eager to please a girl. I've never met a girl who likes a spineless man. Have some confidence and take charge once in a while.
Choose a person who makes an effort to be with you. Not the man who remembers you only when he has no alternatives.
telling me to "last long" is like an insult to me. like dont you think i'm trying hard to? fuck off man
too young too dumb to realise, you should have bought me flowers ~ when i was your man cover by boyce avenue ft 5H hehehe luv their voices.
Just gave my seat up for a blind man. Don't know how he knows when to get off but. Ron Bison: Defender of Justice!
"twitterusername tongue piercing is just a fucking stud in ur meat like dont see a fucking need to show off man lol. major turn off."
Did Tyler actually think he had a chance with Klaus? FFS that man is older than he is charming get yo sorry ass back home, pussy hybrid
Elderly man so adorable. Wanted some thing, but could not even pronounce the English word properly. How to help you, uncle. Alamak.
I don't think I can come for 7 December Go-Kart event which is the running man event, cause i need to study for my madrasah o levels.
concede early against man city at the etihad and you're in for a tough time. spurs need to respond soon or they're not gonna get any result
Oh man I miss y'all too feels like we haven't seen one another for eons RT twitterusername miss my nora 2 friends :(
Small town caf??s, man. You can hear half of a stranger???s life story while you wait for an espresso. Who needs the NSA?
Goal! Evra outs United ahead on the stroke of half time. Free header from a corner. Cardiff 1-2 Man Utd
0-0 after 26 mins and one man down and without Ronaldo, Real Madrid eventually wins 4-1 against Drogba United.
Shakthar Donetsk, Juventus, Benfica, Man City, Schalke 04, BVB Dortmund, Zenit St. Petersburg & AC Milan are still fighting for Round of 16!
One side trying to justify raised salaries by saying: "Oh, your people also got a pay hike etc etc" Like, whatever man. I want one too.
Body of a man, believed to be the Vietnamese who went missing while swimming off East Coast Park, recovered on Tue: twitterurl
[Y!FB] From a distance, this man may have appeared as a homeless person begging for mon...: From a ... twitterurl #singapore
'To be or not to be ,we're a team ,not one man show . Decision is in our hand . Fear no obstacle ,smile with confident ' #TeamCg
Would you call yourself a ??happy person???? ??? Damn.. idk man .. It depends la actually .. no one can be happy fore... twitterurl
Adam Johnson believes Gus Poyet's five-man midfield system is Sunderland's best route to moving out of the Premier League's basement.
This is exactly why my mum and I deserve to go to Big Bang's concert. We aint just gonna sit our asses down man. .... I'm tired lol
There's nothing bad about being a social butterfly man but it's as if you wanna be a social phoenix or a social dragonballz Dragon
I don't know what to say man,it's just so fucking sad to hear this kind of news of my fucking God
cc twitterusername QT twitterusername In one season, Man Utd fans are going through what Arsenal fans have been experiencing for 7 years!
I hate it when someone is angry at a particular person but takes it out on everyone else. What the flying fuck man.
(cont'd) The things I'll do later- chanting daimoku/meditation and revise for CA test. I'm aiming for 100 marks man. Lolx!
Shit, might die anyways... RT twitterusername 18) The plane you're on gets hijacked by one man who seems unarmed. Do you get brave?
My man, Paul Walker or Brian O'connor has died in a tragic car accident. He is such a great actor. May?? twitterurl
I still have to get my free top man bracelet. but seriously.......... It's a guy bracelet............. shall I just sell it away
That's my bro right there man AHAH Rt twitterusername Being stared at by all the mat skateboarders cause I'm carrying my wakeboard.
today the position i standing ppl go put speaker behind me -_-" even louder trouble maker my head was gg to burst man
[TheVerge] 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' poster gives best look yet at Green Goblin and Rhino: Comic book movies have a habit of throwing mo...
??twitterusername Man its too boring whats the pulling up looking like?????? Got to find something to do bro what's the move
Lost 4 kg~ that's way fast loL~ less than a month! wahah! Personal training and no carbs diet works man! Now should I lose another 4 kg?
dear anon, what has sending hate to gloria got to do ... ??? Hahah thanks man. But I think it's time to put to a s... twitterurl
Kpop groups/idols i've seen in 2013 were Miss A, Big Bang, BAP, CNBLUE, SNSD, AOA, SPICA, MIB, Running Man (cont) twitterurl
And what,we need to get used to every of Man U's lose? Bring back the old power of reds seriously
It won't be a disappointment if Man Utd lose though. Since the chances of losing for each match is always greater under Moyes.
Dear Peavy/Middlebrooks, if you want to see how a real man reacts in this situation, see Brandon Inge' comments from 2006 WS game 1.
QT twitterusername I would rather go for a confident, struggling man with a clear ambition and vision than a loser who is living a fallacy.
??twitterusername twitterusername Ima family man lol??? Aha headass you cookin yo girl some to eat too? Uglyass boy we hoopin today!
This teacher is so damn good at her job man im so interested in her lesson her tone is so good for teaching
With adequate training, everyone can do the 3.2km. But having a lesbian tell boys to man up is quite an insult. Snorts.
.twitterusername I'm serious! You got the brains to die for, the body, and the character, perfect trinity of what a man seeks for in a woman
A man with so much $ should not be using such piss poor earphones. Unless of course he's not actually listening to music & just faking it...
Paris St-Germain stretched their unbeaten record in the French Ligue 1 to 22 games after a dramatic 2-2 draw away to 10-man St Etienne.
Doh, Kpop lain doh. Running Man lain doh. The only same thing is both korean. But benda lain doh. Doh. Doh.
Just watched the first few parts of the lastest running man am i laugh until stomach pain LOL especially kwang soo haha
10 more mins to hear frm e man of miracles #NickVujicic on #channelu's ?????????????? Note to my #teenageself! Later@ 10pm, we haf Jeffrey Xu on 933!
[TheVerge] Square considering 2014 IPO according to Wall Street Journal: Jack Dorsey is a busy man. Just one day ahead of Twitter's I...
Society really fuckedup , doesnt want people to judge by what they do wear and say but they judge people . Self contradicting themselves man
I am really NOT insulted about my penile length or the lack of it. I???m man enough to accept my inadequacies and make fun of it. Lol
Wow kmw is cancelled..... I just can't imagine what the fans are feeling right now. It was the most anticipated event of the year man.
I only got 1 chance to make some happen, take care of business and let the man above take care of the rest!
It's not rocket science: Win a limited edition box-set of Rocket Man Elton John's latest album in this simple contest twitterurl
Is it wadeh or vadeh or vadai? ??? its spelled as vadai isn't it? but is pronounced as wadeh? idk man dont ask me ... twitterurl
"I'm a half man at best with half an arrow in my chest,cause I'd miss everything we do, I'm half a heart without you"
Wa pissed is an understatement man studied the entire book and only 2 chapters came out and it's not really those we were told to focus on?
Saw a man picking up his gf or wife not being afraid of what ppl will say he princess carried her and walked so sweet
Up till this day, Davichi's 8282 + Accident MV is still the heart wrenching kpop MV story plot I have ever seen man
What would you do if you saw a man abusing his girlfriend in the middle of Orchard Road? This is the question... twitterurl
The man Porsche must fear in aftermath of fatal Paul Walker crash: McClellan Law Firm has sued the company bef... twitterurl
??twitterusername I'm freezing in this bus man what's up with the aircon design I shift it anywhere AND IT WILL STILL BLOW AT ME WTH???
Seteruk-teruk mane,you have never layed hands on ur gf. A good answer enough for yo... ??? The answer is patience man twitterurl
[Y!FB] Police released a photo fit of the man wanted in the #kidnapping case of this 20...: Police ... twitterurl #singapore
DAP INSIDER: PRUNING OPERATION BY LIM DYNASTY HAS BEGUN twitterurl but Lim forgot one thing man can plan but God Almighty decide
Dear all dealing with Star-Hub. I'm on my own today so please calm down. I will answer all your queries please be nice to me oh man :(
I just don't have the mood to do anything productive tonight. I just wanna watch 'The Walking Dead' and tonight Arsenal vs Man U match...
fuck sejarah imma online all day and watch running man bcs what's the point of reading when it doesn't go into your b r a i n
Woah!Scary or what!My level only,got two deaths.Now just above me,another kid died.I'm telling u,this is some "Flat 3A" shit man.
OMG twitterusername Needs To Text Me Back So That I Can Tell Her About a This Fine Man I'm Witnessing Right Now
If you beat a man in a fight, what would you say as you placed one barefoot o... ??? I wouldn't even say anything lol twitterurl
"Batman" jailed for multiple offences: With a name like Batman, one would have thought the 23-year-old man wou... twitterurl
45 more mins before the Man U and Arsenal match kick off! #MUNARS shall sacrifice some of my sleeping time to catch at least the first half?
I follow my physics cikgu on Instagram and I've seen her kids grow up so fast. Arshad is a handsome young man and JAJA CAN WALK ALREADY HELO
HAHAHAHA CASTIEL WATCHING PORN IS THE FUNNIEST THING EVER. "if the pizza man truly loves this babysitter, why is he keep slapping her rear."
Some advertisements on tv are just freakin lame like the person who came up with the advert, what were you thinking man
A real man will make his lady wants to be the best version of herself, without changing who she really is. ;)
The young man of the house has gone to camp, so when I get home today there wont be anyone to mess?? twitterurl
Or maybe not lol i don't wanna watch a man being burnt on screen at this hour alone lol nvm i'll pass for tonight.
Oh man. Gonna miss training cos of prom :( That's like missing 10 meals. Oh nooooo. I rather go for training but :( Haiyo
idk but 50 Shades of Grey seems like just an erotic Twilight. An irresistible man for some unfathomable reason, attracted to a plain jane.
Kit Up! > Iron Man Suit to Troops for Testing in 4 Years: Adm. William McRaven, head of U.S. Special Operation... twitterurl
3 years' jail, 6 strokes of the cane for man who beat up ex-wife's new lover, causing rib fractures, bruised kidney twitterurl
That was one song I will never sing. The  nicest word to replace ??rape my girlfriend??? was ??dump???. Then again, I AM A SELF RESPECTING GAY MAN
Words so true they are tatted on meRT twitterusername "The true essence of a Beta Man isn't perfection, but the unyielding desire to attain it"
Can i know your understanding for the word love? And ... ??? Idk man. what i learnt for the past few weeks is that... twitterurl
Read MINDEF was banning Purple Light's lyrics. I always thought the lyrics were "killed the man, WITH my girlfriend" instead of RAPE.
Man United's Mata buy is just desperasion. Why? They dont need a attacking midfielder. More like they need a defensive one.
People look at him strangely, but what this man does for his blind, 3-legged dog is wonderful ?? ... twitterurl via twitterusername
And being the first ones to celebrate our birthdays out of the whole class. Hahaha. Syiokness man. Just downright pretentious xD twitterusername
North Korea's first man on the sun "travelled at night to avoid the sun's rays"... Well, who woulda thunk it. :| twitterurl
This is the first time I'm having a crush on a muslce man. And it's bc he loves animals and cares about them plus he's kind of funny. ???
(cont'd) Holy nuts man. But I don't believe what the other party said about earning up to $500 per week for a part time cashier position.
He has a lot of girls chasing after him. How do I kno... ??? Haiszerella hmmm idk man just don't give up and have ... twitterurl
Let go see the world like I should life too short to waste time timing everything to one man or worrying about another
"twitterusername Need a man that's not too hard/cold or too soft/warm. Somewhere in the middle is perfect....." Suam suam ah lukewarm
Why do we always get paired up with bad players in DOTA like mark? ??? idk man.. try asking him twitterusername twitterurl
Nope, you can't do it like me. Hoe, so don't do it like me. Folk, I see you tryna do it like me. Man that shit was ugly
the fact that im actually happy without those i thought i cant live without has proven how independent i am yeah man
Jessica to Sooyoung : "Back then you were shorter than me~ But now you???re the tallest one, you???ve grown. Man, you???re a traitor~"
I think i really need to dig my wardrobe man so many clothes & jeans going missing, im starting to think there's a toyol in here!!
"But i'm not the man your heart is missing, thats why you go the way i know.." - Michael Learns To Rock
Wh...why did I start eating this apple? I'm not even hungry right now. Or am I? Man, I don't even know anymore.
It is well documented in many Asian cultures homosexual relations were very widespread & no one gave a shit, as long as you were married man
My life revolves with classes to attend,teen wolf every weekend,er couple every monday,weekly dose of running man,and my music.Life is good!
[Y!FB] This just in--the stars of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (yes, that's Andrew Garfie...: This ju... twitterurl #singapore
Most S'poreans gain weight after starting work: If you earn more than S$10,000 a month, and work in events man... twitterurl
Arent you just cant take criticism?sorry i was uninte... ??? Why are you so judgemental, man? At first you were ta... twitterurl
Download running man . Off to sleep . If this fucking fish bone still in my throat , i'll go to the hospital then .
UEFA have charged Manuel Pellegrini following his outburst against referee Jonas Eriksson after Man City's 2-0 defeat by Barca on Tuesday
But then also that would mean maybe I wouldn't have met an. The man responsible for all my happiness and well-being these past months.
Imagine clear tom yam; So boring colour, nothing much. But made with love, full of flavor, richer than milk. This is the man im listening to
Just like my good friend said, just like my dad told, just like my mum agrees, every girl has something she hides from her man for lifetime
Dad advised me. A man is wise when he has the right to be angry but remains calm. Because you can't solve anything with anger.
guys! be it straight or gay, yr friends are important, just because you get bf/gf already wah shiok. Who will be your Best Man?! THINK! LOL
Think Like a Doctor: Sweating It Solved!: Readers solve the case of a 25-year-old man who can't stop vomiting ... twitterurl
Women are made with the ability to piss a man off without even trying... just how they come with the ability to drive us insane.
The Lord God took the man and put him in the garden of Eden to tend and keep it. ???Genesis 2:15
[TheVerge] D.C decriminalizes weed: 90 Seconds on The Verge: The man awoke not knowing who he was or where he was currently sitting. ...
There we go twitterusername ??twitterusername If a skinny girl turns fat during her r/s, its just the beauty of her man, the way he keeps her happy???
#SG NEWS: Man gets 6 yrs jail for cheating daughter of late philanthropist and banker Khoo Teck Puat of S$2million twitterurl
Who is racist? Those who vote for a man because of the color of his skin, or those who dare criticize a black President because he's bad?
[TheVerge] Japan says Bitcoin is not a currency: Over the past 24 hours, a man believed to be the founder of Bitcoin was??chased throu...
Man United will break the bank to make Southampton and England left-back Luke Shaw the highest-paid teenager in Premier League history.
I still cant figure out how grown man can actually where a jacket in the middle of this humid n hot spell, pakai tie some more
ohhhh my god he saved them HOWWWW? and that devil what is that man thinking? he smiling like he is pleased
????"twitterusername Bruh you a grown ass man talking bout a zodiac sign lol that shit was created by humans it means nothing lol???
A win after all the warm training and all. FT: WEST BROMWICH 0-3 MAN UTD ! Jones with his header opener !
Can i just my ass off after reading that? Dont know why i felt the pinch but HAHAHAHA what the fuck man seriously?
Yo what the??? an 80 year old man just chuck my chin!!! do i look that young?? Port Mac oldies are so sweet and adorable
1 Time For The Fathers Out There. I Got Mad Respect For Y'all. It's Easy To Leave It Takes A Man To?? twitterurl
Well I wouldn't paint a Nissan Latio matt black and give it a hugeass spoiler together with red rims but whatever floats your boat man.
I bet everyone can't wait for Man City vs Barcelona. But before that we'll see who will make it to the semis of Piala FA tonight.
Funny how two albums one grp ....one album is like okay whatever bleh the other is like WOAH RADICAL COOL MAN THIS IS AWESOME SHIT twitterusername
Why is Jose making comments about man city / Barcelona? Is he that arrogant / that self important he is now the self-appointed footy guru?
Yeah man. One of those paris boys. You dont miss us a... ??? I cant really think of a name because theres quite a ... twitterurl
Being a gay man is so pressurizing. I have to think about getting a car, a condo with a walk-in closet and double sinks in the bathroom.
WHAT? WHAT THE HELL? NOOO twitterusername IS CLOSING???? twitterusername YOU SUX MAN IT WAS A SIMPLE REQUEST U PRICK twitterusername StarEmpire so rude
Wayne Rooney is expected to sign a new five-and-a-half year contract with Man United in the next 48 to 72 hours. twitterurl
If you could be half man half animal, which animal would... ??? ngaaaaw i always want to be a werewolf and date jacob twitterurl
??A pregnant employee at a Christian school was fired for having premarital sex -- They offered the job to the man who got her pregnant.???
Any movies are better when they use love between family members as the main concept. Not just typical love between man and woman.
Met mum's friend and she said 'wow you've grown to a handsome man', I replied 'always'. She was stun for awhile, not sure what to reply.Haha
Watching awun grow up from a secondary boy to ite student to NSmen. You grow up so fast that i cant believe i'm dating a man. twitterusername
If wife of Arnab swamy twitterusername allowed him to speak at home, he would not have to shriek in some god forsaken TV studio. Poor man.
Come as you are accept him as your lord n savior ask for forgiveness n let da man take place in your life
Where is all this talk about me being heartbroken coming from man I'm not heartbroken I HAVE NO HEART HA HA HA HA JOKE'S ON YOU
Tun Dr M: BRIM twitterurl -'give men a fish he eats for one day, give man a rod he eats fish everyday' agree with Dr M
??twitterusername I am half a man, at best. With a half arrow in my chest. I miss everything we do, " wah my fav song
Guess im the man of the houseee since my brother aint bout , Jackinn no nigga too put no muthafuckinnn food in the house !
THIS! hi twitterusername RT??twitterusername behind every great man there's a great woman, making sure he isn't messaging that whore again.???
You forgot your family when you sodomised saiful now you hide behind them acting innocent. U r a horrible man plainly not fit for PM office.
??twitterusername Mark Clattenburg has been appointed referee for Man Utd v Liverpool on Sunday 16 March??? THANK GOD ITS NOT HOWARD WEBB
I still rmb my girls & I once helped a man who had difficulties walking from Cold Storage all the way to his house AND LIVING ROOM
Man gets 21 months' jail and 3 strokes of the rotan for punching and kicking girlfriend: March 13, 2014 12:04 ... twitterurl
A man was jailed and fined US$1500 in Oregon, U.S.A., for collecting rainwater, because it is considered ???property of the state'.
??twitterusername I chose the wrong time to fuck up.??? Man keep your head up bro you played a hell of a game
s/o to the heterosexual men who can acknowledge when another man looks nice without the fear of looking gay. Y'all grown.
Aku pun tak tawu how I can be so attracted to my man. Mcm it's not your mind speaking. It's your heart.
if you watch the recording live. you will never blame the camera man. you can blame the editor of the video though. HAHAHAAH
20 Times,20 Times Man United....We are beginning to rely on past glories 4 consolation like a certain loser team.These are sad days#MUFC
Man United fans will be sorry to see captain Vidic depart for Inter Milan at season's end, but not half as sorry as Liverpool fans will be.
Mum often laughs at me. See how I behave. Very "man".... ??? Its the character that is impt tbh... Looks are just ... twitterurl
Tmn: Why you broke up?| me: he sucks, man.| oh, I thought you were the one who sucks.. I bet you suck well, then | whattaaa? ...
Big games coming up against Spurs, Chelsea & Man City in the next 4 games. Vital to have gotten points today. #LFC
man i skipped every single chinese class i could ever possibly skip in my sec3 year i'm surprised they never called my mom.
[Y!] Sword-wielding 'samurai' sparks scare on MRT: A man who appeared dressed up as a samurai and w... twitterurl #singapore
Barca  Real Madrid Man U and bayern is going to win. The only good match I see is Chelsea vs galatasaray with drogba going home .
Im in the mood to criticize Man utd all out im so sorry i dont know why but i wont do it here HAHAHAHAAA
sitting at the back of the bus and theres two couples on both of my sides and im sitting in the middle. yup this is cool man.
??twitterusername According to a survey, women are 3 times more attracted to a man wearing a suit and tie than shorts and a t-shirt.???
Man United are now the source of glee among opposition fans but it comes with the territory of having 2 successful decades at the top.
Bumped  into my pri sch mate and a lepak mate last time during ite days. Don and his brother..man I miss those days
Wow man, it is easy to plan at the start of the day to do something, but when the time comes, a whole lot of excuses come.
Right n wrong? No one in this world has it better/worse, everyone has their troubles. But damn, double standards man. twitterurl
Saw an ang moh baby with maid...her hands all have red rashes thing. ..omg. ..poor thing. ..wonder how she is taken care of man. ..
What if Spider Man have to fight evil in the countryside? Isn't it not cool without all of the skyscraper buildings?
First 5 games he was ban. We still won btw. :) RT twitterusername Liverpool currently a one man team. If Suarez injured, die sia.
Yes I broke the promise. So you should hate me and believe in love again because I'm a liar and I'm not a man of my words.
??twitterusername twitterusername miss you alot too man. March u sending me right? :/???yes i am. I am gonna send u bro.. U just tell me the date ok?
I wonder what is wrong with boobs. If i were a girl and i had great boobs, i'd flaunt them everywhere everyday man.
Wah one man carry 3 girls! Power la Ho Han Boon! Congrats for winning Gold for Judo at the SEA Games!! twitterurl
Video shows man who appears to be run over by horses during a race at Turf Club. Watch here: twitterurl twitterurl
Just because im a teen doesnt mean you can trick me into paying more.Stupid food business owners. I mean you sell food man have dignity -.-
do you know siwon is a ninja?? cuz he's ninja-ing in the middle of the night o... ??? Whatever makes him a happy man. twitterurl
My favourite man came over to CMT and helped me with closing! He pushed in all the huge heavy wagons for me during closing aww hehehe. Yay.
Showing your true colours to a woman doesnt make you a man. I dont know how many times i have to say this.
omg i saw you again ;) this time going into the lift oh man! so my type!!! so classy ..... OMGOMGOGMOGMOGMGOMG :( second time hopefully
i mean a audio clip.. the other guitarist that doesnt sing...man i dont like how he plays at all so wishy washy...the singer has good vocals
"twitterusername hansol please wear that cap leh don't hook it to your jeans wear it on your fucking head man" HAHHAHA
Well shall head off to sleep. Told the man I was gg to sleep like 10 mins ago. & then I opened twitter. Haha.
Rule n??mero uno...never let  NO ONE know how much dough you hold...kuz you know.... the cheddar breed jealousy specially if that man fucked
Support Trey Mourning & vote for him in Who's the best Big Man in S. Florida competition being run by twitterusername twitterurl
Still can't forget how Jerico showed me the news North Korea claimed they finally had a man land on the Sun AHAHAHAHHA
[ST] Man gets seven years and nine strokes for raping 8-year-old cousin: January 29, 2014 11:18 AMA... twitterurl #singapore
Didn't get to see them when they came for sundown festival. Must go this time. Plus it's a one man. Mannnnnnnnn
had my first krispy kreme during HI Club class today omg it was nice but rly man I don't get the hype
??twitterusername Money only impress lazy girls. When a women works hard, a man with money is a bonus, not a ladder to upgrade.???
My man crush ??? my baby is so handsome I have not layed eyes on someone like him! Hes got me going?? twitterurl
Done le yay. Now you can ask me for advice any time haha! Mr A(dvice) ??? seriously HAha who r u man twitterurl
ahhhh true friends is when someone always like ur pics. for example Ben, joe, si man and Angela. they always always like my pics. LOVE THEM
Uncovered: The macabre sex chamber of Libya's Colonel Gaddafi. twitterurl Horrible, vile man! Glad he got killed the way he did!
??twitterusername The more a man mastrubates, the less chance he has to get prostate cancer.??? Wankers live longer (Anton knew this)
Tycoon's girl: Dad, I don't want a man: The lesbian daughter of a Hong Kong tycoon who has offered millions of... twitterurl
It???s an accident! The driver wasn???t speeding, nor was he drunk. He was simply a man earning a living who made an irreversible mistake
Man City face an anxious wait to discover the extent of Sergio Aguero's hamstring injury after he limped out of the 5-1 victory at Tottenham
Sic people exist everywhere MT"twitterusername BREAKING NOW: Man slaps Haryana Chief Minister BS Hooda during Cong road show in Panipat "
Police are looking at CCTV footage of the MRT station where an elderly man was found unconscious near the tracks twitterurl
So due to all the cabs being Non-existent, a kind-hearted Indian man sent us home while we sent at the?? twitterurl
Oh the story before the woman knew my grandma from the RSL (retired service league= gambling club) she was married to a man who was rich
He won't be blessed with head twitterusername 6) If you're man tell you he doesn't eat pussy and he doesn't plan on will you stay?
**Soccer RT "twitterusername for the sake of football, Man Utd or any losing teams are not a joke. stop making fun of it"
Ive alr done my best. I knew it. Ppl around me knew it too. You knew or not, idk. Hah life fucked man omg headache alr
Tycoon's daughter: No men for me: The flamboyant Hong Kong tycoon who offered millions of dollars to any man w... twitterurl
wtf man changmin can go from looking like a 16 year old to a 36 year old in however long it takes to put that much makeup on
I'm half a man - at best. With half an arrow in my chest 'Cause I miss everything we do.. I'm half a heart without you
Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat: It was the biggest seizure of i... twitterurl
??twitterusername The Prophet (peace and blessings of Allah be upon him) forbade that a man should drink standing. (Muslim)??? did not know this
dgn confident nye aku ckp to my family its not a monday today. the fuck man. i lost track of days.
[News] Jail, cane for man who beat up two others: An odd-job worker was on Tuesday jailed four years and sente... twitterurl
Why sec 4 need sex ed again my Viginity armor level 30 one I don't need to bother bout this shit man....
And how are you? Discharged from hosp alr? Ride safely please i love you man RT twitterusername Al fatihah to a fren of mine shaboy
Not only you bro, am walking like an old man in town ??twitterusername So many ppl staring at me .. Cos of the way I walk now???
When twitterusername 1st came in political scene,I thot ah,this a clever young man who wld make a gd leader, didn't know he kiss Nuar's ass tho
Man. City vs chelsea. I just want draw! No goal, no shot on target and boring game!!! Biar padan muka yg tgk kul 4am nanti
I was typing get but my phone autocorrected it to Ferguson. My phone ain't a Man Utd fan but it's sick of Moyes' shit too. HAHA
Haii no wonder siwannie & old man doesnt get alone ..as much as he is a nice guy u cant do this twitterusername it means nothing AFTER  birthday
Why do people keep sendin me invites to this "circle local network" bullshit?? Im not interested leave it out man fuckinell
No man has loved me the way you love me and nothing will ever stop me from loving you. Thank you so?? twitterurl
30 years for man who let others have sex with adopted son twitterurl What's What the hell is wrong with these people!?
30 years for man who let others have sex with adopted son twitterurl ?? What the hell is wrong with these people !?
Any advice you would want to give to all the #Forever... ??? Nah you don't my advice I'm part of the team too man ... twitterurl
??twitterusername You are a disgrace to be united coach.??? You think ferguson successful ah when he first start coaching man utd?
Dear fans of other EPL clubs, give the Man United fans a break. Just focus on how well/bad your club is doing.
The man that always gets me batman stuff at work said he got me batman pajamas but I can only have them if I stay over -__-
Bus driver ran over an indian man, indian men ganged up and started rioting. Total 7 cars burnt including ambulance and police cars. #Truth
[Y!FB] James Raj, the man believed to be "The Messiah", the hacker claiming to be from...: James Ra... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername twitterusername they really should show it off more especially Moon leader XDD" twitterusername see old man??? Even ur butt is cute!!!
#lifestyle #news: Man???s leg saves hand: A Chinese man's right hand was cut off in an accident durin... twitterurl #singapore
Am about to die at the gym. Trying out this new workout routine I learnt off Youtube. What demon from hell invented these sets man?!
Jingle boobs jingle boobs jingle all the way! Oh what fun it brings to man with in just a single bounce hey!
Got in a cab and the first song I hear is twitterusername The Man Who Can't Be Moved, #nowplaying on twitterusername Perfect! My fave. :)
kepale buto this two aunties standing at the traffic light waiting for it to turn green man but in the end they didn't even press cb
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare."
[TheVerge] Indie outfit hopes to mass-produce Iron Man armor with crowdfunding: The US military isn't alone in??planning custom, Iron ...
Can somebody tell me...why most of man suke sgt kluar time malam?? Tanpa mengira usia.....or is it happen to my family only??huhu
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.\
my dad sent me a video, a man recorded the 'little tornado' that was created yg dkt danga tu. it is real
[Y!FB] Just what exactly is this man donning a tutu skirt up to, and why is he taking t...: Just wh... twitterurl #singapore
It's scary when you have poor eye sight and you look out your window, you saw a white shirt man looking over & it seems faceless.
btob's imagine is about a man who already has a gf but love another woman =3= the lyrics is weird :x but the song is really nice!
The look on Teletovic's face when he wrapped LeBron made the wrap harder than it really was but don't touch nobody neck, man
I WANT HOMIN TO GO ON RUNNING MAN LEH omg their previous appearance was so overshadowed by the jongkook/moon love line
Shocking news.  Congratulations to Haikal and partner. A man with a lot of surprises. Hopefully to be there on your big day.
I'm developing a headache man. All the programming stoopid stuffs I've to do for my Systems Integration's project. Arghz. Program can't run.
Yes dad I am cureently with a heavily tattooed guy and we are smoking pot and talking about the destruction of man kind
wahhhh how does the anon know about the shit that happened uh...you're making so obvious man,might as well not ask me as an anon lol @ u
I hate you England bc I keep saying "no thank you" "yes please" fuck my life I was a rude ass bitch before this man
I can't take it!! As much as i know i shouldn't... I guess it's time to just man up and chase after what is important to me.
EH!! You say de ah! Carry me home when I'm drunk okay... ??? Not If you're a guy man. I'll get you a cab.  And wha... twitterurl
[TheVerge] Meta wants to augment your world with the 'Iron Man' interface: When someone tells you they have a pair of augmented reali...
Not if you're white ??twitterusername In the world we live in, the pizza man will show up quicker than the police would. America.???
Wtf man #nowplaying Butakah Cinta by Spring hahahahahhhaaaaa so jiwang but the song nice, but too sad, not in the mood
[Y!] COMMENT: Why the COE and ERP show no love for the common man: Benjamin Chiang is an enthusiast... twitterurl #singapore
nih gegara ntn inspiring generation nih jd mimpiin kim hyun joong. errrrr he's just so man in that drama, unlike in boys before flower. Heol
Poly has nothing on this man. Being a big boy is tough. Stupid people everywhere and you have to work with them all the time.
(cont'd) The job duties for that position is cleaning laboratory test tubes and packing starch powder. LOL! Even 3yo can do that man!
And I am a SINGLE, CAREFREE & SLUTTY HIV positive gay man and I love to mingle. I want poz cock and I want it now!
I think I'm obsessed with running man, either that or I'm just using it as a distraction and something to look forward to.
The man - a Portuguese national - was hit in the head while dismantling a crane outside the stadium in the northern city of Manaus.
How old were you when you started playing video games? ??? Damn i grew up playing lots of games man. Hahaha since ... twitterurl
Was reading about the lyrics of Francis Lung - A Selfish Man and I think it's about Ellery Roberts leaving WU LYF.
On the 18-man Pillars squad are strikers Gambo Mohammed and Kabiru Umar as well as two CHAN Eagles stars Umar Zango and Rabiu Ali.
like, if you search "arts and theatre management" on twitter, it's quite sad to see that those who got in aren't that happy idek man
I want to cry whenever I see how lost man u crosses are. U guys dunno how to cross is it!?!? It's really that bad.
My comment was never meant to hurt anyone: Miss S'pore finalist apologises for making fun of man with holes in shirt twitterurl
Bit by bit youre annoying the hell out of everyone. Do you even know that? Why you gotta sucha peahead man?
there's no number one man in my life. why should i give number for every men in my life? they're not in line for seeing a doctor.
[CNA] Man charged over series of taxi robberies: Ng Kian Yong, 42, was charged in court on Sunday w... twitterurl #singapore
Happy birthday Ian twitterusername Glad I met you and thanks for being there for me man! :)) have a great day ahead!
Still pissed off at twitterusername for saying my flight to jpn would end up like mh370. There, i said it out. Some jokes are just not ok man.
A Singapore man who stole 70 pairs of old shoes spent 6 months in jail because he was addicted to sniffing smelly shoes.
Well guys, tmr will actually be my 1st day as a local tour guide to bring this man who just arrived in SG from Libon around twitterusername
*sigh* after that scare im glad you are still fighting to be with the gang Hwaiting Old Man a lot of ppl hold you dear goodnight twitterusername
??twitterusername man has been arrested for kicking a bus along Serangoon Rd twitterurl huh! I threw my wallet at a bus before
Man arrested for obscene act on public bus: SINGAPORE - A 17-year-old girl on a bus to Bukit Batok Bus Interch... twitterurl
Talking to my man on Facebook like the good old days. Hahaha. Oh yes, did I ever say that I knew him through Facebook?
"twitterusername twitterusername man im nt having fun babe, im watching tv at home hahaha boring" alahai sian girl,nxt week we klua okay :*
today i remember Macho Man win WWF Champion at Wrestlemania 4 for the first time in his career. #respect #RIP #HOF
twitterurl here is Moon Appa being playful confident and he knows that asking a girl's number makes u a real man twitterusername
[News] Man arrested for obscene act on public bus: A 17-year-old girl on a bus to Bukit Batok Bus Interchange ... twitterurl
Happy birthday to one of my best brothers man,one time only brother Sebastian ! AND FUCK YOUR BRO LAH twitterusername twitterurl
Events after events. Hopefully hair for hope satellite event won't clash with running man. I can't organise two at one go.
That awkward moment when my friends and I having lunch. And there goes a man ask me "pandai ckp cine ke?" *looking each other and laugh*
It's either Man City are having their spark of genius or Liverpool have gone to sleep in the second half. Idk I'm not watching the game haha
Gary's face tells it all~ lol RT twitterusername ZE:A's Dongjun reveals his love for Song Ji Hyo on 'Running Man' twitterurl
I told this lady I wanted chili cheese fries three damn times & she still didn't get my order. Fuck this bitch man.
Omfg mum told me that sharnaaz was in sg and that man who sent those sheets just finish acting w him at changi on thursday omfggg
Faris is not a good final man. His goal assists are spot on but he can't be the striker the team depends on for a goal.
??twitterusername Man h??rt hier nur die BVB-Fans. // Yep. That???s the away sector singing there. #fcbbvb 0-1??? haha!!
thanks to mertesacker's goal, they play on ET n penalty kick n win the semi-final.. sorry fab, u're amazing but per is my man today..
Hate the fact that my dad is such a fanatic Man U supporter cause entah dah berapa banyak Liv supporters gaduh dengan dia on fb haha
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 8: What on earth is this man trying to do? He lies on road in Bishan -- and  twitterurl
Chill man. I am just asking you (: . Y. He don't like you ? ??? Wdf. How would I know. He don't like anyone.. Ok!?! twitterurl
Contract law #&twitterusername RT twitterusername Aw man this lesson is actually interesting. We're talking about offers & acceptance. Kinda like suits lol
Yesterday I dreamt that they finally revealed who A is on PLL and the plot twist is that its the camera man lol
Seriously, can I just run away? What am I in this house? I haven't met any of my friends in months. Just whatever man
"How we get into this mad situation? Only doing things out of frustration, trying to make it work but man, these times are hard"
Especially when niggas stay complaining about sausage fests RT twitterusername Fellas y'all gotta buy y'all tickets man ... ALOT of females #PURE2
Peh puki pagi pagi kene clean 3 rifle... Why sgt here in bmtc treat us like dog whereas the mono intake one is more relevant with their man
This is maddening that in SG is so hard to find this nike roshe i want so badly....fuggggggggg chocolate fudge man twitterurl
And what I care most now is my future and who I'm placing in it. Of course, (besides family) my man has a top spot.
The Running Man cast & SHINee's Minho are so far confirmed for Park Ji Sung's Asia Dream Cup 2014 in Indonesia... more to come!
And of course for tonight we'll be supporting Man U all the way. Surely they would do us two favors in two weeks.
Ahh now i know why people have been asking to zoom in the picture of the man who hang himself at punggol !
Tadi dinner of a 90 year old lady fui she still have those moves man can joget hahaha so cute happy life sia her
2 more wkends left for.study but burnt. Good luck man. All those motivations gone. Got no more feelings anymore. Getting crazy.
Cos my arwah atok was a really nice man and he drove a taxi during that time. And they were envious of him.
There comes a time when a man has to stick his electric shaver into the charging-&-cleansing-blue-liquid-thingie. Because that's what men do
emcee, please don't worry about our boy twitterusername If SM does not interfere or the "Real Man" staff, i am sure our Babo can charm anyone
I really wish a bitch would come at my man crazy while I'm sitting there and watch me knock memory out of her
All the think I should have?? ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername (at Komplek Tiban Indah Permai Blok Y.1 No.9) ??? twitterurl
who will be the same class as me year 2? I'm looking forward man. hopefully not irritating, asshole and arrogant bunch of ppl.
Wonderful free kick by Mata. And i???m still not convinced by Fellaini. For a big midfield man, he???s not convincing at all.
As a gift, the woman gave the man a pregnancy kit which she had used, saying she's pregnant HAHAHA #urine #myCHEMICALromance
I wish you're still here grandad, and able to guide me because from all I know, you're the most lovable and caring man..
[News] Man arrested for committing obscene act in public: On 9 April 2014, at about 2.18 am, police received a... twitterurl
ouh wait. i have one & its not a big deal or so it just i think a man tht can 'speak' english fluently is very charming. really do.
#11 not bad. Quick stepovers, beat his man and unleashed a great strike but hit the bar! He has a name twitterusername
So, there's an instashop trying to copy me. hahaha I sell this, you sell this. I sell that, you sell that. cmon man -.-
My mom just gave a homeless man with a sign that said "if this don't work I'm robbing a bank" a chicken nugget
With the thinking that ladies in e house should be the one doing every single chores . Im sorry , ur nt the man of e hse .
i have problems with "homemade stuff" everything that i can do at home i want to make it myself. man im choosy
With the spam from my dcbr family and group 6 chat I've to charge my phone three times a day man lol #toomuchlove #icannot
i wanna kill O's man like take a damn rocket launcher and shoot it, gdi just want to get over and done with, with this year????
An old lady & an auntie came knocking on my door & making lotsa noise. Usually i dont open door to strangers other than delivery man..
So I subconsciously promised myself a no-more-negative-days thing since Friday yupp another overseas trip next Sunday wtf man I can't even
First day of #Easter, it is my duty to make dinner, and feed the #2rascals later. Oh man. This is going to be a major task. MEH.
A man is incomplete if the spiritual aspect is missing but it is possible 2 survive in today's world without it. #DarkAges #Hell
I swear this bloody warm weather at night is fucking fucked up. Just bathed, barely walked into room & i'm perspiring again wtf man.
guys, you knw how does it feel when it's 'FRIENDZONE' .. hahaha . bloody hurt his pride lah giler . but , relax . be a real man , okay?
Same here! MTtwitterusername One of my earliest memories was hearing honks from the Garang Guni man, which meant he was in the neighbourhood
Happy 17th birthday, Man! Wishing you all the happiness in the world & may Allah bless you always! :)) Miss you, bro! twitterusername
Weve been so long :/ its hard to move on man.. its almost 3 yr. ??? But this kind how??? 3 yrs but like that twitterurl
There must be a better system for car parks than this, man. My booked cabs are always lost in the car park. twitterurl
[Y!FB] After narrowly escaping a train, a Czech man is now facing a fine for ignoring t...: After n... twitterurl #singapore
don anyhow stare people leh, please, your eyes keep i... ??? i stare at ppl for what man hahahaah plz i got no pro... twitterurl
The Chosen One has been sacked as Man Utd manager with 4 game left to end the season.Feel sorry for?? twitterurl
Kid so fucking inconsiderate sitting at the reserved seat when she clearly sees the old man standing right in front of her.
Wannabe pilot builds replica cockpit in living room: A man who gave up on his dream of being a pilot has spent... twitterurl
I can't believe someone with a body so average can be so confident about it. Hahaha fuck man I'm so going to hell.
"twitterusername A man buys the house, a woman makes it a home. Cooking, doing laundry are part of "making a house a home""
You and you stupid fuckin old school mindset. I???m a fuckin independent women that don???t fuckin need any man to control me.
This is the fun thing about going to malaysia . So many ciggs i can smoke . No worries cause i'm a happy man .
When u combine DS Najib's name with Obama's it becomes Najibama. Yup the result of the fusion will lead to a Japanese man being the product.
Guys don't give up on girls. Don't depend on us so much. Be the man you're suppose to be instead of needing us for everything.
Mr Moyes didn't deserve the amount of hate he got. I mean seriously, flying a plane over with a message of spite? That's too far man.
[TheVerge] HBO is coming to Amazon Instant Video: Arliss? Nope. The Larry Sanders Show? Nope. Hung? Nope. The Mind of the Married Man...
They are d BEST twitterusername LOVE those days!!! :) RT twitterusername I'm one of the boiz tonight but I'm treated like a queen. Aaaaah man :)???
never knew yall got " I be feeling like the man when I walk thru " and " turn down for what from a song
Everyone on the streets, even the old lady or the homeless man, has a story and is probably fighting a battle. twitterurl
Boys posting status on football .. Soooo overrated and mainstream.. I rather see an independent man working and not being on social networks
Korean ferry hero mourned: They came to pay their respects to a young man who saved the lives of many but who ... twitterurl
Don't dare call mum....gonna get scolded beyond drunk so drunk feel like seducing a man and leaving him high and dry
jut now with the girls we were crossing the road it was green man then all the cars who need to make a turn speed
Bye bye only thing is this man is filthy rich and old as heck this really does nothing to him oh well?? twitterurl
??twitterusername Second day in a row I saw a man wearing a skirt with leggings. Is this life why is my area like this??? where are you again?
Sort off lost the passion for McDonalds not because it???s shitty or tiring whatsoever ... but because of one man that pisses me off.
May Allah always protect me from evil drunk man out there:( Please no more of such things ever again.Still pretty much traumatize now.
BofA Takes Squatter to Court Over $2.5M Mansion: Bank of America is taking a Florida man to court after he attem... twitterurl
i feel like being damn extra & butt in the tweet convo man, S E R I O U S L Y
Why im alwy have a convers w this crazy man ?? omg !RT twitterusername twitterusername ???? im ask u who im ? Am i ? Haha , what r to do ?
Yeah man! When! RT twitterusername Hehehehe it's a must-do again ??twitterusername twitterusername hehe aww baby :) it was nice staying over!!!!???
Fucking headache man...Lack of sleep... Probably. Want to play some 'L.A Noire', but my PS3 keeps heating very easily, scaring me sia...
Oh wow Brentford is managed by Uwe Rosler, Man City legend! Remember watching him dribble past everyone. I shall support Brentford! Haha.
I dont get it,i know we used to date and why ur girl tripping like im gon snatch him,girl pls....i have my own man.
For those who don't know who is Choo Sunghoon, HE IS ^^ He will be GUEST on next week Running Man :) twitterurl
Li Yin making me feel nervous and scared! And wondering why am I not excited! How can I feel so happy when I'm worried man!
I miss bro twitterusername so much man he be on my mind heavy, he left too soon feel like a ever lasting nightmare,  it jus aint right.!!
Man City have set their sights on David Villa, 31, to replace Mario Balotelli and have already made an enquiry about the ??15m-rated Spaniard
This fat guy think he owns the bloody coffee shop..talking as loud as a china man taking the lift while talking on the phone..
Have anyone watch the vid of a man which i believe its an indian, he rolled his penis with a stick.. ????
Man tackles 'highest wave ever surfed': A veteran surfer looks likely to have broken the world record for the hi... twitterurl
all the baggage I got now cause of my past he ain't scared to carry it all he's a work it man
If you're in Tennessee, you can save him. RT twitterusername Man Suspects His Dog is 'Gay', Turns it Over to be Euthanized twitterurl
Man these fuckin dreams gotta stop they fuckin wit my head like I've really had some crazy ass dreams lately real life crazy
The iOS update loading bar was crawling man... I think I saw it went back a little before loading somemore lo.
US Christmas tree plotter guilty: A Somali-American man is found guilty of plotting to bomb a Christmas tree lig... twitterurl
BlackBerry 10: Where Does The Company Go From Here?: The exuberance of the young man sitting next to me was hard... twitterurl
??twitterusername Damn la my dad. Asked me if i wanted to go shopping w him. Asked him where and he said 'tampines - sheng shiong' wtf man???HAHAHA
"Take you to every party cause all you wanted to do was dance, now my baby is dancing, but she's dancing with another man."
Did you know, marijuana was made illegal in 1937 by a man who testified that the drug made white women want to be with black guys
Undertaker jailed three years for having cannabis: February 06, 2013 1:00 PMA man who was found with a large qua... twitterurl
Whoah adolescent girls infront of me smells like as if they just got out of a rubbish bin whoooaahhhhh wear some deodorant man
No decent woman either RT twitterusername RT twitterusername There's not a lot of decent good man left in Singapore. Time to fly away.
Man -____- RT twitterusername Ting pay lai nay RT twitterusername twitterusername Wo ye hen xiang ni :*, hen xiang ken ni jien mien :("
Tony knows the answer to life, the universe and everything RT twitterusername ...why the new Iron Man suit is Mk 42?? Thats a huge leap from MK 8.
Can't went back to sleep and I'm hungry so this is how i roll. Watching The Perfect Man while eating the?? twitterurl
Good decision is imprtnt "twitterusername If you were sleeping between a beautiful girl and a gay man,who's side would you turn your back to?"
Just reset my phone and my whatsapp, i cant reply any shit. #fml of all days man): lucky can view gallery.
Wah fuck i hate you to the core man just shut up and stop commenting cause i wont listen to your assholed mouth.
Seriously bro didnt help in the deco... Dad was like 'oi, are you a man anot?' Hahah dad you didnt help too :X
CR wish dad happy as how he is and stay healthy. He is a man whose compatible w his words, do not take?? twitterurl
Old man walking crazy slow diagonally across a cross junction. Damn boss. Wish I had an umbrella to give him lor
Happy birthday my lil man! Hope you have a great day and we'll all meet up soon someday! Whether it be the m7 clique or ELC! twitterusername ??
Just heard: "To forget your troubles, sing live with a band on stage while you're tipsy. You'll feel better." Seriously, Man? ...
Met twitterusername coincidentally at zouk last night. Man I miss ya all! Gotta catch up soon! and twitterusername raymond christabel too!
And if he knocks a girl up, that he should take responsibility. If someone hits him, don't run and man up.
of malaysian fa cup: 10-man lions xii crash out: The Lions XII crashed out of the Malaysian FA Cup, after losing... twitterurl
can't wait for the next running man episode coming out on tues! no guests, super cool theme and preview, awesome :D twitterurl
Don't know what new phone 2 get. They're all too fuckin biggg man, bricks ! Don't want an iphone so any1 got any other good suggestions ??
Wow you seems have a lot of followers than the other boys & one direction acc. Wut iz ur secret man? twitterusername
Haha! really bro? What is it about? Like ape dorg tunjuk?! Haha. RT twitterusername FAA on tv omg miss FAA man!
Outside my house freaking noisy in the morning, spoil my sleep man, drilling and all. ON A SAT 8am. Got problem ah ,
So after he sing he say not bad hur? Ok can. RT twitterusername So there's man singing out loud in th train. Hmm ok can.
Is Alai's opposition to anything RAO does/says is a matter educated by principles or is it personal (case of a man bitter and scorned)?
My old man is the kind of guy who'll inspect houses even when we've already dismissed then for a laundry list of reasons!
??twitterusername I'm sorry,my english language always nt feeling well.Endure with it my friend.??? this is twitter bkn english class man lantak uh
Man in the income tax place asked the lady how old was her child, took her 3 different times to get right. Uk what that means!! ????????
Man jailed for hitting 84-year-old father with prayer sword, statue and biscuit tins: January 29, 2013 12:10 PMA... twitterurl
"too young too dumb to realize that I Should bought you grenade when I had the chance." #np. When I was your man by Bruno Mars #altDimension
a wise man once told me ' work hard like you're going to live for a century , and pray like you know tht you're gonna die tomorrow '
wah sucks man i really want to change school. can i pls go to my ideal school which was ahmad ibrahim sec hais
Unreasonable man. Totally. You are wasting our time. Instead of writing, we can concentrate on the presentation you want. URGH SHITTY NIGHT.
Man i had to drop honey child of in magee i got bck to town at 8 RT twitterusername twitterusername thank u for comin thru yesterday
DMTN (former name Dalmatian) Safety Zone MV is out!! oh man another MV to watch, i even haven't watched INFINITE H's Without You =_=
Around the world without flying - but not quite a record: A man who completed a unique trip to all 201 countries... twitterurl
All my girls cried today hais. I would be the last man standing if it wasn't for twitterusername HA HA HA HA HS
"I became a NFL player not because football drove me, but it was so no man would ever lay a hand on my mom" - Ray Lewis
WHAT. 1DAY IS NOT ENOUGH"twitterusername Man jailed 1 day and fined $1,500 for pushing cleaner's shoulder, causing him to fall and break pubic bone"
when was the last time I'm on sexual harassment spree? It was 20th January last year, that's when! Too long man...
Im such a little bitch man :/ cant even look at the nigga in the eye without feeling all giddy. Like NO ME GUSTA.
What would you do , when you're waiting for someone but u know he will never come and at the same time , another man comes at you??
Yeah man. I can't brain this song also T.T RT twitterusername *Turn on radio*:"shine bright like a-" *turns off radio*
Must sleep late today. Hope he don't give excuses doing school projects but in the end he watch running man instead. ??
??twitterusername goodlooking, rich, kind hearted, funny, cute, handsome man in dramas doesnt exist in reality sadly.??? We must face it son.
Man glared angrily at old woman who walked slowly, blocking his path. Let???s see how fast you walk when you are old.
Walao family members ordered pizza delivery and when the delivery man arrive, no one want to pay and collect the pizza -.-
& I look over and this man is lifting fucking 40 POUNDS and screaming like he's the motherfuckin hulk. His face was shakin nshit.
Channel 5 has never shown any good movies for the holidays, I mean it's the year of the snake man!!! Show fucking 'Snakes on the Plane'!! xD
??twitterusername RT twitterusername Some people need to man up. Not everyone is going to be nice to you everyday, all day.???
Sick n tired of the bull shit n now im fed up hatin on another grown man nigga get ya bread up
??twitterusername ??twitterusername so many ppl not gg sch tmr??? ME I NOT GNG ITS NO USE MAN. r u feeling better my little ang mor:(???
Hey, why are y'all so angry? Calm down man. Take a break, have a Kit Kat  or something. Go for anger management of that's what it takes.
Army Boys to Men 2! Awesome man! Rating 4.5/5. Well, it just reminds me of my time back in BMT!
"twitterusername Women are attracted to a man who has a good sense of humor, because humor is associated with being smart and honest."
Just saw Mario Lawalata playing for Don Bosco at Gor Bulungan. A real life definition of handsome and talented man lol
Okay, so this online store ships to Malawi, Maldives, Mali, Malta and Marshall Islands but not Malaysia? Man, how far we've fallen.
balotelli 3 goals in 2 games for ac milan. one of the best strikers in europe but wasted at man city
Crack an0ther 1 :"D RT twitterusername \\?/ RT twitterusername We are 2 days away from Man United gettting creamed by Real Madrid.
??twitterusername "The biggest coward is a man who awakens a woman's love with no intention of loving her."- Bob Marley??? /ma FYI
Waiting for man utd vs real madrit matcj. Im barca fan, but im not gonna let the show missed by me.
Fuck la can't sleep! Suddenly got so fucking angry that i had to shadow box! Need a punching bag! or I'll make a man into one...
Being just a rookie player, it feels like im on top of the world winning twitterusername Man Utd twice in one night.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Do i look faithful or a player ???? PLAYER being honest man :/??? hahaha as expected , well as long as i'm not one ??
Effing pissed. Since I'm the cook in charge, can u pls don't effing move my things! And now I need to find em while I'm cooking. Tyvm man.
tmrs plan is to fix my baby and then illegally download 10 movies and buy loads of chips and maybe pizza idk man im so romantic
Can't put all the blame on Rafael lah man utd fans. I believe it's not easy to contain Cristiano Ronaldo sia.
Wakakak nyindir apa, apaan ini.....hoho"twitterusername When an #Aries man walks into the room, everyone knows The Boss is here."
Glad she happy ah sia.. Really.. I guess he do things that i should do when i was your man.. Amboiii
I've noticed in these debates that everyone is a God fearing, born again Christian, Great lover of Jesus, family man & "a youth".
If you wanna make the world a better place,take a look at your self and make a change | MJ - Man In The Mirror
Hahaha. twitterusername talking about his man-gina and how life is hard for him and how he has no mood for anything. Fucking funny!
Man: #ValentinesDay is a lot like Qing Ming. You're either making an offering of food or an offering of flowers. twitterurl
True story. Haha! RT twitterusername twitterusername I've another box, but it's mine too. Sorry man. My stomach is double of yours.
??twitterusername Need to find UK KFC later! Gotta taste it!??? Have fun and take care while Youre at UK Handsome man!
Eh last week Amir tell me something about them but I forgot what oh no! Now I'm confuse. Vas happening man?
The SHADE in that line ;___; Idc that was shade man RT twitterusername "And i just paid yo bills so yeah i want some sex""
okay. so a pink horse walked down the Pacific Ocean to Africa. the horse ran into a Chinese man w... ??? Seems legit. twitterurl
Ramez deserved the Man of The Match award last night. He has been one of the best foreign players in M-League since last season.
exactly this man... RT"twitterusername this feeling ive been trying to avoid the whole fucking time is killing me slowly inside"
You girls are effing lucky to be home right now T.T RT twitterusername Malam ni running man cc twitterusername are you going to watch it?
"To be strong's to be a man,but to be weak's to be a human&naturalRT twitterusername keep strong bro RT twitterusername This pain is just real"
[YH!SG-FB] Running Man "Sparta" Kim Jong Kook is in Singapore - and yes, he is just as buff...: Run... twitterurl #singapore
sometimes i feel bad for not allowing foreigners in, but who the hell am i man. THIS WHOLE UNIVERSE BELONGS TO ALLAH!
"twitterusername If another girl steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. Real men can't be stolen."
Same here man. RT twitterusername twitterusername hehehe..... Thanks. And it was a blessing to finally attach a face to a handle
Are sparta fans at Kallang Theatre for #KJKinSG yet? Many fans here are spotted wearing tees with the Running Man tags xD
John Cena took his risk against CM Punk for the #1 Contender WWE Championship at WrestleMania 29 . A brave man of John Cena #RESPECT
??twitterusername Man! So many futsal to plan this month. How to plan for alumni meetings???? And your cookies are still with me??
Attractive eyes or sweet smile? Which one you prefer? ??? sweet smile...... I mean like eyes are all the same man.... twitterurl
then abit awkward...dk what to tell u man. yesterday raise my voice at u somemore...who ask u wak me up so suddenly.
PREAACH!! RT twitterusername You're not a man if you argue with a lady. Don't drop your testicles while acting like a female.
He also said that Fans of Running Man should know that he was just joking with Kwangsoo BUT Kwangsoo kick him really hard! :p
WOH! RT twitterusername GOOD NEWS for Man Utd & PL Fans: Cristiano Ronaldo Back To Old Trafford for ??55 Million !! twitterurl mrnR
Anyone who believes exponential growth can go on forever in a finite world is either a mad man or an economist - Kenneth Boulding 1910-1993)
Going to watch Man U vs Real Madrid with the rest later on. The best thing is that i'm working at 11 tmr. Life of a thug. ??
This man makes all other men look bad: "Kim Hee Sun???s husband of 7 years has yet to fart in front of her" - twitterurl
I just chose Man Utd and defeated Real Madrid on Winning 11 at Old Trafford. I think we've got a good chance of winning tonight.
Fuck i cant believe the man whom I thought was asking stupid questions in facebook was actually my stupid lecturer back in Singapore. OMG
Smlj I just saw a picture of someone's feet with a lot of holes fuck man why do I even have to come across it
Lmaooo u a fool bruh I'm weak ??twitterusername Man S/O twitterusername fa da coolest avi I'd sell my soul to be n dat pic ?????????
? RT twitterusername #Cancer has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
Wooo man ! I am your number one fan ! Nak autograph kat bontot boleh ? Kiss ... ??? Hahaha why you so funny? Tell me. twitterurl
David Beckham has been included in PSG's 20-man squad for the Champions League last-16 second leg tie with Valencia on Wednesday night
Nth beats the happiness when you see the Pizza Hut delivery man knocking on your door. Cb perangai fat boy ahhhh ????
"twitterusername Do you feel like a man when you push her around,do feel better now,she falls to the ground."face down
Huge glass of ice cream soda, back in bed with pjs and full blasting fan in my face. Yeah man you people can rot in the office/ school.
Seriously. Stupid bibiana. grrrrr. Tell you i really got cramps cant go choir then still must tell my mom. What you want man.
Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho has claimed "the best team lost" after 10-man Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League
chin up! youre a good man and deserve someone better ok izza... ??? I don't know who you are but thank you so much :) twitterurl
waiting for the moment that someone will blast Bara Bara Bere Bere in public. That's it man. I ruled the floor wherever it is.
Wah wake up check Twitter then see a lot of Man Utd fan rage. Hmmm I wander why?? #FergieOut #realmadrid #ucl
Happy birthday to my main man twitterusername #Trillest we got a song in the waiting room that's gonna blow everyone away! #HAPPYbirthDAY
Last night's Champions League's results: Man United 1-2 Real Madrid (Agg: 2-3); B. Dortmund 3-0 Shakhtar (5-2).
If you could go out on a date with one of your followers,who would it be? Other than your girlf... ??? No clue man :/ twitterurl
He's so adorkable! I rmb on Running Man someone said "your team is disqualified" n he was like "excuse me I'm sensitive to that word" rofl
Balotelli came off the bench to help fire 10-man AC Milan to a hard-fought 2-0 win at Genoa twitterurl
Teen stabbed to death yesterday in UK had tweeted about her fear of a man acting strangely on the bus twitterurl
So much for safe sex ??twitterusername Woman mauled to death by lion as had sex, man escaped wearing only a condom twitterurl
She'd be texting everybody in d am telling us what restaurant she celebrating @ .. smh .. man it's gone be hard 2keep my head up all day
I think the everyone in theIKEA cafeteria from 7-8 knew who we were man because we created so much shit.
Never see myself as someone who writes back then i mean my english is horrible but all these ideas just pop up man what to do.
I can't stand you. You're fucking attention seeking, you're fucking two-faced. I don't know what goes on in your head man.
running man going back to hanoi to film? not sure if it's legit but if it is then omgwtfbbq COME SINGAPORE LAH
Happy Birthday twitterusername ?????????? May Allah grand you your wishes and make this day full of joy and laughter. Love you man xoxo ?
I know someone like this :") RT twitterusername There's something about a guy who hardly tweets about his personal life and feelings. He's a man.
If you could instantly speak any language in the worl... ??? I would like to speak German, French, Spanish and Man... twitterurl
Just watched The Man in the Moon! It's such a sad show but not sad enough to make me cry hahahahaha
I'm not here to ask abt Azli I'm here how are you ? ??? HEY! FINALLY. I LOVE YOU MAN! HAHAHA. IM FINE! twitterurl
Walao eh u just 'K' me in our convo! Wat does tis shows man? U dw talk to me le is it. ??????
Have you ever bump into an old friend,saying all these things like "howya doing?! Man we should catch up sometimes!"But it never happen.well
Tunisia to vote on new govt after man self-immolates: TUNIS: Parliament was preparing on Tuesday to vote on a ... twitterurl
There's only a man who is still walking on earth that I wish I can send and drag him to the hell. Don't make it two.
Janil u da man. RT twitterusername MOT will seriously consider free travel to ease peak hour congestion on public transport #SGBudget
this is quite a mind-blowing account of a once-homeless man. read it. You???ll Never Live Like Common People twitterurl #fb
So I was invited to one of my classmates Sweet Seventeen bday party & yes its at freaking Raffles Hotel , #Indo #Rich hahaha, wth man.
hey ashley! How d yknow mc? sg so small man mc also happens to be my friend... ??? I don't know too twitterurl
You know me, man "twitterusername Am I the only one who wakes up then stays in bed for like another hour"
He's perfect! im cursed in2 liking men with emotional baggage??twitterusername twitterusername KIPPEI ALL THE WAY BABY. HOW COULD YOU NOT LOVE THE MAN???
that's a lot of hotdogs man ?? ??twitterusername shit I'm damn sad I'm gg to cry I just finished my third argh???
...i screamed like super loud scream when i watch ue kara jyanken match n tomomi came out in her long man-blouse n short shorts. :/
he don't want me awww no he don't but he can't stand to see me w / another man - that ain't right
Wow my baby brother finally is going to embark on his journey to be a man. I really hope NS will change?? twitterurl
Today marks the day that this boy becomes a man. He's off to Tekong already for NS. Take care Hairul, be?? twitterurl
watching senario: beach boy is torturing, and killing my brain cells. oh man, they were legends 15 years ago, especially in senario lagi
STOMPer Red Ranger saw a man being escorted off by staff after being caught for smoking inside City Hall MRT station at about 7pm today (
Only in singapore they would open so many bottles 45 bottles man my sisters friends at club sonar newly open club twitterurl
Tourist who saved kids from shark fired for being on MC: AFP  Friday, Mar 15, 2013      LONDON - A British man... twitterurl
Same time this week i am hating the fact that i am going back to work. Oh man! This feeling sucks.
Agreed! RT twitterusername Looks like twitterusername is winning the vote for man of the match. What a game he had. #CFC
I really don't wanna go to school tmr but dad is forcing me to cause of attendance :( but chill is 75% man
"Am happy to dispel any rumors or misconceptions and am quite proud to say that I am a very content gay man living my life to the fullest."
Well anyway its day 3 of being home alone. Hah, i dont see why the f ppl would like to live w/o parents man
Which quality in a man do you dislike the most? ??? Who don't respect women, beating them up and all! BELARGGH! Th... twitterurl
Shawty fuck my man she a team player , got a picture of her ass as screen saver . put her on the block she a green maker .
Ladies and Gentlemen, We Have Left the Solar System:      For the very first time, a man-made object has reach... twitterurl
I will be patiently waiting for you to be a very successful man and then make me the queen of your life.
INFINITE chibi inspired by Man In Love MV scenes.. Sungjong & cat, DW writing in book, Namu with bear, Yeol cooking twitterurl
Watching the italian job. Old but gold. I never get bored with the kind of these movies. Gotta sleep, wait for my man match. Bona nit!
Everyday I pray that Ronaldo will be back in Man U. Oh dear god, please fulfill this pray. Ronaldo, come home baby!???? twitterurl
Man United are weighing up a move for Real Madrid's Luka Modric, 27, who is thought to be receptive to the idea of a switch to Old Trafford
If i stayback every single day, i will have no time to rest before camp. going to suffer man like this. So exhausted.
My mum always foresees me marrying a chinese man. Hahahaha. That would be cool. Can argue in malay/chinese. "Eh nb ni shi sundal ah!!!!"
'US troops killed' in Afghan attack: Several US and Afghan soldiers have been shot dead by a man wearing Afgha... twitterurl
Big bang not basketball... ??? LOL oh. i not super hardcore fan man. just like purely like them as a normal fan... twitterurl
Family time is da best. Canadian pizza delivery as dinner then cutting of the cake, all while watching Running Man hehe :33
Come to remuera, Auckland.  RT twitterusername Anybody watching Man U vs Chelsea Fa cup? Can I come over and watch? Hahahah
Talking about Y1&2 epic times with twitterusername and yufeng. Oh man we were so young, crazy, evil and not innocent then AHHAHAHAHAHAHA
"When the change was made uptown, and the big man joined the band" Y el Estadi Olimpic de Montju??c se viene abajo entre aplausos a Clarence.
'I saw a man at the beach screaming, "Help, shark, help!" I just laughed, because I knew that shark wasn't going to help him.'
De Gea ur the man! ??twitterusername We'd be out of the FA Cup if not for De Gea's save, Manchester United's Ferguson admits twitterurl
Ladies, it's not attractive talking like a man, you're a woman for a reason and have a vagina for a reason. Chill.
Chris brown is a realer man and says what ever he wants. Lmao. Clearly he is winning if everyone and every news channel is talking about him
"I don't even know what the fuck they are talking about, what the fuck I'm supposed to do..." Wa shut the fuck up man.
[ST] Sex offender gets 61/2 years and caning for abusing five girls: March 14, 2013 12:05 PMA man w... twitterurl #singapore
Fuck Singapore man I'm shifting to another country where my house will be big and I can design it however I want and still be cheaper
#HaHaFacts HaHa went to served NNS in 2008 to 2010. After discharged, HaHa return to Infinity Challenge and also co-host in Running Man.
Nahh man feeling the downside. Hate this shit. RT twitterusername Dude are you down yet? RT twitterusername pump sejuk isap panas
The man who asked "Are you okay? I think you need to drop at the next station." God bless you too really ??
Too tired to watch running man or minority report or pirates of the Caribbean tapi nape mate susah nk lelap juge ni X_X
So the sec2's are looking forward for running man tmr uh. Whyyyy. I hate that feeling when you are almost caught. Trust me its scary.
Cos it's damn annoying to see how you're always using... ??? Always? Dude, it's just once. Come on, be a man. Dm m... twitterurl
cinemaworld is offically one of my fav channels now hahaha so damn good the movies man. Eventhough its in Italian and German
dont sleep ??? I'm damn tired man. I will stay up for you if you wna talk to me, By you, I have a specific person ... twitterurl
Was watching The Man with the Iron Fists then wondering why is the big guy so fucking familiar then googled it it was Batista from WWE. OMFG
MT twitterusername Lend a legend a hand: Help the man credited with inventing the twitterusername as he recovers from stroke twitterurl
??twitterusername Funny how the ns man have two different languages. Army when talking in unit, professional when on the phone for work.??? #fb
OMO. She should be ashamed of it man! RT twitterusername twitterusername HAHAHAHAH I SHOULD BLOCK HER ON FB! Ask me if I free at night some more!
It's stupid when ppl just stand there on the dance floor & neh dance. Go home man. Give others a chance to dance. Pfft
Had so much fun with this beautiful lady! We spent like ALL OUT ON FOOD best dessert man! Meet up?? twitterurl
??twitterusername If there is a guy doing all these to me, I will be with him man. But no, it is not happening to me. Why ???????????
S'porean killed in Johor fire: JOHOR BAHARU:  A Singaporean man was killed on Friday in a fire at a double-sto... twitterurl
NY Man Admits to Faking Drowning: New Yorker who turned up in Fla., SC after air-sea search admits conspiracy ... twitterurl
i used to be afraid of getting hated or rather judged for being a belieber,now? who fucking cares what ppl think man. #BeenABelieberSince 09
Omg the child actor Park Minha that acted in Yawang is on Running Man p 137! But only the first part I think..
spazzing over infinite man in love mv in da bus just now hahahaha twitterusername awkward position holding two saxophones while spazzing x)
Sun, watching cheer comp. i cant ditch them. So jz sun night. Send H off. Aw man. Wont see H till July at least.
Typical mom sticking up for tht man. Lol expect me to be like other kids and all when they cant even give me a normal life.
I saw this two man band (hot stuffs) at Santa Monica pier making such good music, how I wished I bought their cd.
we totally need a gb company outing man, though we're quite bonded already it won't kill to be even more bonded right? :)
"twitterusername "twitterusername sum btchz yelling for gaby's man. qet redy tu scrap." Hahahahaha she a hoe aniwayzz!" i qotcho back homie!
went shopping w wan ying and mayferlin. these two sample every single thing in a beauty shop man. lol i didnt know theyre crazy like me.
fuck it man. I'm here settling things up with you, you can still jolly well be happy with other people, go la.
I just need to tell myself that tough times won't last, tough times will only make me a stronger man, that's all.
I'm not a 'loser' in school. I got good friends. I'm not a really popular man as well. Most of my friends' friends don't even know I exist.
What do u wanna be when u grow up ??? A good son, a good husband, a good father. A hard working man. A person some... twitterurl
Man my ass totally pain after that 3 and a half hour of Night Cycling with the lads. But serious shit was freaking fun.
Wah , open Facebook only and saw that a C151 has been Cross-Coupled , 008/055. Man that was like after 095/105 incident.
??twitterusername twitterusername hais . Which part man ???? isit me or you tweet like a nigga here? Haha. Just keep a lookout for terowong besar.
Mindful of the things of man = Not willing to suffer, be rejected, killled and resurrected; Ashamed to live the same life Jesus lived. - TYP
I hate asking people if they're free, they'll answer back they're freaking expensive. C'mon man, your not a thing are you...
Japan talent show reject, rings in bomb threat: TOKYO:  A 70-year-old Japanese man was so enraged at being rej... twitterurl
Everytime you reply your tweets, you reply them by quoting. Wtf man it's so annoying when you show us your lame ass conversation
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.\
80-year-old Japanese man who has had four heart surgeries aiming to become the oldest person to climb Mount Everest twitterurl
impression of reiko? ??? i thought she ahlian man. HAHAHA, she's a bitch! >:( bully me. but she's a nice person to... twitterurl
Aw man. No dance partner today. Gary-slut is staying in camp today and Gary foo can't take his place today.
??twitterusername Studying on bus just make my head more giddy ! So i better play some phone games!??? I totally agree man!!
Not at all the best goalkeeper for your information RT twitterusername Petr Cech is Man of the Match. The best goalkeeper in EPL.
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? basic respect,trust. nt too quiet and be funny. lazy say lah... twitterurl
False. Every man on the fucking planet watches porn. Watching porn doesn't mean a guy can't get girls. Fuck you, Emily Stringer.
HEEE in the latest episode of running man, Song Jihyo is using the same lip tint that i have from benefit! benefit rocks i tell you.
??To die in order to avoid the pains of poverty, love, or anything that is disagreeable, is not the part of a brave man, but of a coward.???
We Need More Ppl Like twitterusername Man! She Loooves The #LowBlow Game. It Really Is Fun If You Think About It Lol.
Man Steals $75,000 Worth Of Campbell???s Soup: Soup is good food, according to the old Campbell???s Soup advertisi... twitterurl
Ohh... Homeless man means cannot shower? Then if a foreigner don't have money to eat, does it mean that he cannot eat? Do you have a brain?
From my deepest heart, there's an uncountable feelings of missing my only one beloved man I've ever known, used to called him, Dad ..
Redha Mim? Oh thanks you :p RT twitterusername Well, you are already one handsome man. It doesn't matter what you put on, you're still sexy RM.
[YH!SG-FB] What type of animal is this? A man was surprised when he was told that the pair...: What... twitterurl #singapore
My best friend:"I went to JB, and oh god, it was so scary. Everyone was dark and horrendously dressed. Malaysia sucks man" HAHA! MADE MY DAY
But still Man U are 12 points clear with 7 games remaining. They have 2 big games against Chelsea and Everton.
First at this clinic bear Chinese garden stations and it's so comfyyyyyy here.Seriously don't mind working here as part timer man
Look man I hate this whole blaming game: just screw it. I'm sorry but I'm telling you I hate it and I hate politics stop it already okay
For me, sharing in a friendship is so damn impt. Or would you want a dull one? Man, idw this whole thing to spoil my Sunday manzxc.
"twitterusername Prayers out to my man twitterusername Hoping for a speedy recovery and there is absolutely no doubt he'll be back strong!"
Flunk that higher chinese ???? man! It's like im the only one in the whole class who finished the every thing in less than 30 minutes HAHAHA
We're the threesome awesome man! Why must hate here hate there one sia! Dont like that and make life so hard for me, please! I middleman ley
I took almost 3 years to realize. To realize the great man is standing in front of me, I hope I still have him.
Heard about the plant explosion in Waco, and been texting my brother every since....boy I swear TIME is the only thing that matures a man
Man United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says that Andy Carroll's challenge on David de Gea in the 2-2 with West Ham was an "obvious" red card
It should be compulsory for all opposing players to clatter studs up into man utd players, especially Evra, well done Andy Carroll! #lfc
So on the MRT I turn right left front and back I see someone playing candy crush what's up with that game man
You know you're a true man if you could wear your kain pelikat and still play futsal without it dropping to your ankles.
even tho i'm not on the scene that much but i still rep the jerk movement. man, such a terrible lost. condolonces to skoo boi's fam
That's why dog are called man best friend . They stay loyal to their owner . Sumpah cerita ni sweeet + sedihh  gilaaaa . #Hachi
Shall get up early in the morning and think of more points :( Ohh man few more days left and an acceptable PI hasn't arise :(
I want to watch iron man 3 and someone watch with me bfre futher my studies soon . . but but but . . ahhh kbye btter just buy dvd  =\\
RT twitterusername What did the black man say to his wife when he came home from work? "Hi honey I just got home from work."
Watching Running Man from the beginning to now and it???s interesting to see the switch to iPhones even in Korea.
twitterusername HAHAHHAHA YOU JUST SOUND LIKE AN NS MAN. Yes la android. Iphone is just too meh. And I hv no words for bb
TV market is 'Apple's to lose' says ex-CEO: The man who ran Apple when Steve Jobs departed in 1985 says he's bac... twitterurl
The man accused of breaking into the home of late Apple CEO Steve Jobs appeared in a California court on Monday ... twitterurl
The Act for iPhone and iPad: Between a man-sized mouse, two foul-tempered ducks, and a cross-dressing rabbit, an... twitterurl
Haiyya all of you genius or what seh RT twitterusername Congrats to my cuz twitterusername for achieving 9 points for his L1R5.enjoy man!
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.
no! sense of gombal doang it laguny :(RT twitterusername So fly *begh :p RW twitterusername I'll be..your crying shoulder.. *begh! co cuwit man!
A real man doesn't quit on what's important to him. If he doesn't fight for you, he doesn't see a future with you.
Ewah ewah dengan Lu la bro haha! Thanks for the wish man, I see you in sch! Takecare and enjoy!!! ??twitterusername
When I Got Dat Deal Our Friendship Ain't Change A Bit! Dats Real Azz Nigga Man. . . He Already Know I Got Him Wit A Mill! twitterusername
Ya sia in the morning and afternoon I was all tough man then......walao what was I thinking omg paiseh la loser la no face liao
I really cannot stand those typical relatives man srsly... Like so what if your children/niece/nephew do well for Os? And then you compare?
Big RT "twitterusername Niall: "If a man whistles you, don't turn around and ignore him. You're a lady, not a dog." #1DQuotes"
i rlly need new specs hahaha my bank is crying i need jobs man i need that 1 call tmrw pls
oh yea me & twitterusername were like fangirling over running man & some other kpop idols oh & ofcos my sexy baby giant, junhong :-) x
ohh yyat, you look so hawt in those blue skinnies of yours. wear that to my wedding k best man. HAHAHA. twitterusername
??twitterusername "twitterusername Fucking man just digged his nose in front of me ??" trying turn u on =P??? it worked for 4 seconds uh
[YH!SG-FB] It's the big match tonight - Man United vs Liverpool. And Sir Alex has stoked fi...: It's ... twitterurl #singapore
First Tibetan self-immolates in China this year: BEIJING: A Tibetan man has died after setting himself on fire i... twitterurl
If liverpool wins, it would be an easier climb for Chelsea, the best part is i get to see all the sorry faces of man u fans!
Justin is a G 4 smoking. Let the man live. Cut yourselves all you want, both ways y'all going for.. JB doesn't care if y'all die lol
remember "this song was written by a little ginger haired man... I think you'll all know him" omfg c r y I n g
Man jailed 8 weeks for stealing from a commuter in MRT train: A Chinese national was jailed for eight weeks on F... twitterurl
And I sound reaaaaaaaally stupid in those angry tweets man NO WONDER ppl r calling me immature n childish la now I understand
justin timberlake on repeat for over a week already. cannot get enough of this man. hurry up and release a new record already!
See the short preview of Gerrard warming up, and hearing only "Fields of Anfield road" at old trafford haha gotta say Man U fans are shit
Liverpool can't wear black socks cause Man U is already wearing black socks. But Howard Webb can wear yellow shirt when Reina is wearing it
Tak semestinya seh. Reality check: EVRA SCORED RT??twitterusername I have to admit , without RVP , i doubt Man utd will make it this season .???
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.
Tbh, I'm a Man United fan and Liverpool's our bigest rival! However, I really love Liverpool's style of playing though I'm a Red Devil! ??
And He Had Everything I Ever Wanted In A Man . College Educated, Works, Own Car, Mature, & He Accepted Me & My Son !
If my man is no longer working at DTE, what am i still doing there? hahaha. One heart, One blood. Bear Xiao. xD twitterusername twitterusername
Fuck this shit man. No goals,  no motivation,  no support,  can't even talk to anyone at home. Oh wait,  what's home?
35th; How can i not love this man even more when he tries his every will to just to see a smile on my face? twitterurl
V.I.C.T.O.R.Y..Seungri frm #BigBang will be the guest on tonight's Running Man! Rmbr to watch him later at 8pm on Ch U! twitterurl
I do what I want when I'm single.. but as soon as I step foot in a relationship I'm faithful & dedicated 2my man only..
??twitterusername twitterusername word bestfriend ??. we don???t need a little me in the world yet??? man hell no. Not with that big ass head. ??
Comeon M1, you've got to settle this fast man.. What if someone gets kidnapped and cant be contacted/cant call for help? -.-
Man, I'm really starting to get the notion of afternoon tea. Some cinnamon tea with biscuits keeps me going until dinner.
150+ baby bones found under home: A man doing renovations on a historic home in Memphis, Tennessee, found more t... twitterurl
Nice meeting you today uh bro twitterusername lepak soon again man! Probably this week again town, haha we try to convince Dd to come also :-)
Tak sanggup ah kalau Khid ignore me. Really. Can cry my eyeballs out man. Last time he did that I really cried macam mati husband :/
Pretending like nothing happened? Cool,I don't blame you for not being a man about this. But karma is a bitch,you'll get it but not from me.
I hope I make it in time sia. This driver driving slow and steady la. But he is old. I understand man. But I'm late!!!!!!
Cops throw TV guest into van: Video of plainclothes cops dragging a man away is nothing new for the average Chin... twitterurl
Thanks k! :) RT twitterusername twitterusername Happy Birthday Man! Have a blast and yah sweet 17th yo . Have a good day ahead .
Wah.. You don't know how to swim? And you still gonna shoot in a pool? Better learn to tread water man twitterusername
" A working man, working for some change & more change, as his work ethic is unforgettable and ambition leads his mission. " - Moe Ali
so many fan requesting eun hye unnie to be a guest on running man.. haha nado.,coz i know jae suk will tease kookie like hell ^^
That must be one bad cough there. RT twitterusername Man charged for stealing 2 litres of cough syrup from Tampines clinic twitterurl
Wah lau want to run run with full diginity lah such grown man, what such lame crap excuse you lost your nomination papers???!!!
Man VJ knowing how to play Ps3 is like a blessing in disguise I get spend time at home & play a competitive game of 2k or madden #winning
A man walked up and asked "Is something bothering you?" Amazed by his mind reading skills..."You're putting your yong tau foo onto a tray.."
Wow I didn't know a pair of AA batteries cost like $5! Gee back in the days of music thru a disc man, how did I ever survive?
Fuck man don't know if I can play soccer with the guys later or not due to this arm of mine asdfghjkl
Haha woi! how many times I tell you man, I'm not going school haha RT twitterusername twitterusername Yupyup!! Go sleep, school tomorrow!!
well at first it's Donghae focus MAH JUST LOOK AT HIS ARMS 8D then it's just.. I still cannot figure Kay's fancaming style man xDD
Jay z quote " rosa park sat so Martin Luther king can walk Martin Luther king walked so Obama could run... Man just shut the fuck up
I stan for this man & he doesn't want to come to twitter but spends 3-4hours online daily.. What is he doing online.. twitterurl
Man Arrested for Stealing His Dead Father???s Body in Attempt to Bring Him Back to Life: There can be no words to ... twitterurl
Yeah, i'm happy for you. I'm happy because you already get over me. Thank God. Yeah man, you deserve better than me :)
The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive - Albert Einstein
Maybe I should listen to twitterusername and wait for YouTube to upload GDA. But if don't have. She will have to perform The whole thing for me man
So one couple came, wanted to buy tixs fo Iron Man. So I told them to wait. Tunggu pey tunggu, tixs tetibe sold out, member mengamok.
This is really dumb but help my lil man twitterusername LIKE this guy's "high profile" post. Just do it haha twitterurl
So so football weekend. Inter drew, Man Utd drew. The comedy of it are the Liverpool fans celebrating their win... twitterurl
(cont'd) Btw, I've already bought the NYP tshirts (3 pieces overall). Thanks goodness, they're not expensive and got discount man. Lolx.
Then suddenly, I see L running to him and he helped carry that man's wheelchair. Ah, I'm smitten again. My man. :)
Just saw a girl bummed into a gwailo man. He said "could you eatch where youre going pls" she just walked away playing with her phone -.-
I thought everyday. Cmon sal i know you love and i know you careRT twitterusername twitterusername man why you so irrinoying today? ????????????
My post is now on CustomerThink: Can you train a man to sell as one would train a parrot? Sales advice from 1927 twitterurl
Climbing up the damn stairs today right after pe for that stupid chinese was the worse man. Zzz.. I nearly took 5 mins just to go 3rd floor.
Hong Kong's mounting food pile: Nestled among the granite peaks of eastern Hong Kong a new, man-made mountain is... twitterurl
I wanna thank my man for everything yterday. For making my bday a joyous one. I love you twitterusername #ootd #lastnight twitterurl
Sigh really sorry twitterusername I was really gonna join you man. But I think I threw my shoes away long time ago??
??twitterusername You can joke around w me but dont you fucking touch/hit me & think it's a joke. I'll beat the fuck out of you man.???
Watch the latest running man episode. only 3/4. i think mostly that makes people get caught is the vj being too obvious. Haizz
JS(to JJ) : I'm not sure you know already because you havent seen it but i kiseed a man JJ: ... gives-the-are-you-serious look | LOL
The devil is real, he's not some little red man with horns&a tail. He can be beautiful. Cos he's a fallen angel & use to be god's favorite.
Everytime I go to singpost to send out reg mail i'll see about 5 ppl with like 20 parcels. How many ppl in sg own a blogshop man
#WP's Yee Jenn Jong at #PunggolEast rally: Edu Minister Heng's forgotten that the PAP's man, even if he loses, will be grassroots advisor
??twitterusername hell Naw you can't... Don't make me take my belt off??? lol why not man? That's about the only downfall lol
Idk whether I'm stressed cuz i didnt study BEH or cuz i hate the fact that there's one man cpr for me tmr. #fml
"Be yourself man. Be proud of who you are. Even if is sounds corny, dont let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful."
since we're quoting bible verses... "I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man; she must be silent.??? 1 Timothy 2:12
RP's Prabu: Koh Poh Koon said he was his own man. So why were Teo Ser Luck, ministers campaigning for him? #punggoleast twitterurl
Siwon just tweeted that he's happy (?) he got a free drink coupon. That man is so rich, he can probably buy an entire milk tea franchise.
So my mom text me " you getting a lil too comfortable around ya man your la ass and his spreading " funniest shit to hit my inbox
this is one of the reasons to why i hate smoothingg man damn hair can't get wet for 3 damn days and its fucking oily
"twitterusername twitterusername no problem buddy. You guys are funny man! Keep up the good work :)" holy crap i just saw this wot happened
"If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it."\
"the girls tour starts tomorrow" no the judges have only just asked that man to fetch you becuase they would like to see you on stage
Yesterday evening at Bt Panjang Rd, there is young man trying to help the granny, carry 2 big plastic bags, full of cans to overhead bridge
Imagine if JYJ is able to appear on shows and its a game show where JYJ vs HoMin like in X-Man haha it'll be epic
Wth was trying to take a picture of the sun set. And this DHL guy alighted the train and a homo sapien eclipse happened. Thanks man
burn you alive sia RT twitterusername Man who allegedly raped and tortured a five-year-old girl in New Delhi arrested twitterurl
instant KO it melts my heart cos like my heart is literaly at boiling point from hotness oh man what am i saying
Fuck this feeling man! Its just destroying me! I promised myself not to control her and who she talks to! And I will do it!
Big thank u goes to twitterusername for his company n 4 setting me up with tht angel chick! She fine man! Truly the #WingMan hahaha tc homie ?????
Arsenal return to third place in EPL with win at 10-man Fulham; Reading & QPR edge closer to the drop twitterurl
People are queuing outside of the library just to get a spot for studying!! That is so nerdy and uncool man! Hahaha
Fuck lah I can like totally relate my current situation to the song "when I was your man" by bruno mars sia knnccb
Cause every tuesday i end early at 11.30am, somemore whats the point when coming back in the evening for CCA, totally wasted man.
"twitterusername Arsenal fans right now are distraught at d thought of giving Man Utd & Van Persie a guard of honour at the Emirates next week..."
My boy is going to grow up to be a strong man of God, handsome, wise and smile like his daddy with the cute dimples :) twitterusername
The adult fare is killing me. Just don't understand why we need to pay adult fare. We are not working adults man.
Although Man United gonna have the 20th EPL title soon, still the World Record is Real Madrid with 32 La Liga title
I hate it when a group of people play truth or dare and the dare is to asks for a person's number.. Like just fuck off man.
[YH!SG-FB] 'Iron Man 3' opens in Singapore on Thursday! Gear yourself up for the event by c...: 'Ir... twitterurl #singapore
LOL! Given the length of my hair, it'll take forever to dry man! RT twitterusername twitterusername WHIP YOR HAIR BACKAND FORTH
Dead serious only thang keep me calm RT twitterusername twitterusername kml gul yu dumb man... i dne woke ivy up laughin et yu
A man that argues with a woman needs to come to the conclusion that his retarded ass isn't going to win.
from dancing in the garage, touring around korea with jay park and doing classes all over the world. amazing man twitterurl
Malaysia GE13: Don't vote for PAS, says DAP man: April 28, 2013 12:22 PMJOHOR BARU (THE STAR/ASIA NEWS NETWORK... twitterurl
Aw man..it is strangely discomforting how the weekend began so cheery for me only for it to escalate into a huge cock-up caused by myself...
I'm so proud of my baby's !! BBO really held it down tonight without me being there. I really love them girls man *sheds tear* *flips hair*
Iron Man 3 was a pretty mediocre movie though. Save for the most epic ending I've seen in a looooooonngggg time.
Manmohan Singh deserves Filmfare award for acting like PM of India. He takes his character very seriously. Really a Sajjan man !
Praying for Tee Tee man cause when his mama get him from school he gone need it. Yall pray for the boy cuz he in for it.
Crap man...havent get a wink of sleep...now im heading out for ocbc cycle singapore 2013...after that going school for D4F Practice...die...
'Iron man 3 is the best'&u keep telling ppl every single plot from the beginning till the end.omfg just fuck yourself.
You paitao me walao hahahaha miss you too man RT twitterusername Anyone seen han volta ? If u found him , tell him i miss him
Hahahas...what a despo man you are actually. Maybe in your lifetime, you can only get those in Geylang bah! Or same as you. O O O ! HAHAHAS!
Dear guys, girls love it when you share your feelings. It doesn't make you any less of a man, in fact, it makes you even more attractive.
You suck.  I want it to be stranger.  You care so much.  Now I care.  You just freakinn don't give a damn.  Shoo off man
Its vert sad we have people im society who love abusing creatures that are weaker than us. What has the stray dog/cat done to you man!?
"twitterusername Allah has a beautiful plan for every woman and man. Trust Allah and pray and He will light the way."
U want me to give my patient a twice daily meds to replace once daily med ....not a chance ...pat compliance man!!! o_O money also
Out already?! RT twitterusername twitterusername Just saw your crying scene on epi 11! Good job man I did have tears revolving in my eyes (: ??????
Oh ya, klip sesudah credit title Iron man 3 itu maksudnya, Bruce Banner has a new hairstyle huh? I thought it was a spoiler or something...
Omg.. This old man is making a spectacle of himself by begging to his wife (or something) in a mrt station ??
N. Korea: U.S. man not 'bargaining chip': The case of a U.S. citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean l... twitterurl
Get thiz D"twitterusername i don't know if i need to sleep, eat, drink, or smoke a black man. i'm so damn irritated."
Isn't it annoying how you're in a rush and people talk to you about irrelevant stuff wasting you damn time. Just shut up man.
Happy Mother's Day mum :) thanks for raising us to be humans & thought us to be the man we are today?? twitterurl
Your Fav K-variety show is back! Be sure to join us for a run on Running Man every Sun from 7-8.30pm!
Oh my god. Just now got chase down by junkiat, chincheng and Zilong. I though it was a running man final destination oh my
"Any boy can make a woman pregnant. It takes a MAN to bring up a child. Kenyan men, rise up and occupy your rightful positions"
Those heart aches is to train you to be a man, prepare to face hell. I've been thru what you're going thru right now, staystrong bro twitterusername
That reminds me. To record from astro:  Supernatural, Running Man, GagConcert, Human Condition, 2D1N. No astro for the next 4days OMG noooo~
We never back down or act shitty or even play dirty! why? Cause when someone challenge us, we take it up like a man...
No, no don't get me the wrong way, I'm not saying it like "I wish you would want me back." No. I sincerely am sorry for it man.
Whenever i read back our whatsapp convo it really tears me down.. I just cant believe that i have to back off!. Fuck this feeling man!.
??twitterusername Going aft fame by tweeting like yknow every single shit about girls. Lol man lol??? dia mesti adik justin bibir
Massive #Respect rt twitterusername Saw a man putting up PAS flags. He saw a BN flag fall to the ground, picked it up, set it right.
Sir Alex Ferguson says RVP has had "as big an impact as anyone" he can remember at Man United after helping them win the Premier League
My phone's batt drained like fuck. Hope we can go back soon man. Staying in the hospital for so long makes me feel sick. =.=
Man United manager Alex Ferguson has backed his players to set a new Premier League record of 96 points by winning their final five matches
do whatever you want alright . 23 which is tmr doesnt look like important to you .seriously fuck you man fuck you .
man. I got like three four outfits picked out for one night and an evening day. fuck is wrong w that pic?!
Fucked up thing about this world is some women frown upon a man that uses his vocabulary rather than substituting profanity....#ChewOnThat
10 years have passed, n now he's a married man. I still rmb how badly I was rooting for him with the female lead character in Glass Shoes
??twitterusername #SS5inBrazil Kyuhyun came running on the stage and Eunhae dance face to face in A man in love (sarangkyu) (indo_elfs)???
UNREASONABLE FUDGECAKE. Go repair your own daughter before you talk about me. She's in so much shit man, settle her before pointing fingers
Why the hell is everyone going out tomorrow. And I have to go watch iron man 3 with daddy at frigging tampines mall ??
Disappointed with recent kpop songs :/ the pop kind~ ballads and indie bands are pretty good. but the pop ones are just disappointing man.
Oh ya my Friday was brightened up by this old man cause I gave up my seat to him and he was like "Thankyou for your kind heart...."
Yeah man my cuzz! RT twitterusername If Coach Hairil was still the coach of HUFC U18, confirm the players kena fuck.
Cc twitterusername RT twitterusername #Studio3 IRON MAN 3 (2D) [NEW]  Date: Kamis,25-04-2013 [13:15] [15:55] [18:35] [21:15] HTM: Rp.30,000
Bar??a were defeated by a team, and not one player. Dortmund thought they could do it with one man, Madrid got defeated by Lewandowski. ;)
SAD! tonight is our last night. am going to miss Malacca and the bonding session with Faculty of Design so much man..........
??When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away."
fool around with me yeah I'm okay with it.fool around with me when I'm in a bad mood? Your dead man.
Mom and Dad, I know it's a lot to ask for but I really want 30 of those Iron Man suits. And I want Javis.
Take you to every party , cause I remember how much you loved to dance . Do all the things I should have done , when I was your man
Man jailed for trying to steal $70K jewellery from shop: April 26, 2013 2:53 PMA car spray painter, who tried ... twitterurl
Iron Man 3 isn't really that nice for me tho. Anybody watching it , wait till the credits , but its kinda boring tho, waste of time xx
Iranian pair deny Thai bomb plot: An??Iranian??man whose legs were blown off during an alleged botched bomb plot... twitterurl
VIDEO: Ban 'insider' tax accountants - MPs: A group of MPs has claimed HM Revenue and Customs is being out-man... twitterurl
Man it's been a long day stuck thinking 'bout it driving on the freewaayyy wondering if I really tried everything I could
??twitterusername How could someone say 1D is better than westlife? No man no.??? Hahah crazy ah that person said 1D better than westlife? Legend!!
One Man Proves You Can Survive Without the Internet: Paul Miller, a tech writer at The Verge, took a year off ... twitterurl
Wht's the point if hving a lesb partnr alive if one of u act like an imitation man&flirting like a guy who don't undrstnd women's heart?
BAIKKKKK alright man c u! RT twitterusername twitterusername next sat n sun 11th and 12th hope you can make it bro. its gonna be a kick ass partay
Happy birthday twitterusername my favourite action hero! Keep being awesome man, can???t wait to see you soon in Fast and Furious 6!
Man United want Borussia Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp to succeed Sir Alex Ferguson when the 71-year-old manager finally leaves Old Trafford.
A man that knows how to treat his girl right cause he is too afraid that someone else will and he's afraid of losing his girl.
Ahhhh the man i love twitterusername voice it is heavenly and music that cures my soul  i miss my shinee my boy my oppa san twitterusername
I can't stand tweets that goes like "Please kill yourself!" What the fuck man. Would you really feel happy if the person did it, you cunt.
"twitterusername Im feeling terribly afraid. 70% and above to be eligible to take bio next year. Fuck man. What if I cant NO PHYSICS NO WAY"
I'm getting angry over the chinese dad of the femae lead in a Chris Brown video. JUST LET HER BE MAN. AND PUT THOSE GUNS AWAY.
There's actually a faster way from Ate Joyce's place to my place. Oh man, the cabs that I took before took the longer route. ??
you have literally 500 friends in real life man how did you do that... ??? lol I don't la I just have amazing friends twitterurl
People be talking about me and what I'm doing and they be so irrelevant to me like I just don't understand man
#Chester was down!! Well, technically. Crazy jackass mongrel effing bit him man!! Thank God, his thick fur saved him. It was intense.
I just can't be killed at fun run man I'll literally rage and throw anything that is closest to me ahhahahhahahah(wait I'm serious)
Before I forget, good luck and enjoy life in tekong brother. New life new story and becoming a man. Hahaha. Have fun, twitterusername !
Would you say you are a ladies man? ??? I would say that I am fun to be with and I enjoy being around friends... twitterurl
All these Plate movements were previous batches' Pure geog TB before they changed our textbook. We're PURE GEOG STUDENTS MAN. WE ARE HEROES.
Man fined $3k for biting girlfriend's daughter on the chest: May 08, 2013 1:17 PMA SECURITY manager got drunk ... twitterurl
It will be a double Man United retirement on Sunday, as Paul Scholes will quit playing for the 2nd time - to become a coach at Old Trafford
Oh an remember when I said rob looks funny when he's running !? I totally take that back he's the sexiest man ever when he's running !!!!
Manchester City supporter CRYING. He's a MAN, supporting a side who've won 2 trophies in 2 years, get a grip son. \
Tomorrow will be the last time Sir Alex Ferguson celebrating together with the Man United lads as their 20th BPL Title.
Stupiak old man. When i drop something instead of picking up or leaving it alone, YOU KICK IT AWAY. YOU CCB. ITS MY BREAKFAST LEH!!!!
Is jervyn tan your good friend ? ??? Yea, she's been there for me since day 0 of school man, a really good one... twitterurl
Tuning in to the final minutes of the Man U vs twitterusername match since I heard the devils are gonna lift the trophy.
For the first time, the tittle didn't seems as important. We just want to pay respect to the one man that made it all possible
last time I felt this emotional about Man U was the champions league win in 2008. Such a fitting final speech. Thank you, Sir Alex.
Wow, Iron Man 2 was good! It's kinda ironic how the bad guy had better weapon but Tony has a better brain.
QT twitterusername Free to read: 'Iron Man 3' is close to grossing more than $1 billion, a notch only 15 prior movies have rea twitterurl
And also, I am so looking forward to the end of the day. Finally get to watch Iron Man 3 with hubby twitterusername Whee~ ??? xP
Wtf didn't even open my freaking geog tb and lit text. Gg. ?? Still finding the right time to do it. Fuck school man srsly.
How to gain that 80%? Fcking difficult yknow "twitterusername ??twitterusername How to trust a man? Gimme some tips??? 80% trust 20% was2"
You know what it is??And RVP, you knew leaving Arsenal is worth to win trophies with Man Utd #potd?? twitterurl
Idk wtf is a man u jersey doing in my house. Nobody watches soccer at hm. The only possibility should be my sister. wankin' poseur
In case you missed it: Wing Chun, a style of martial art, made popular again thanks to recent movies about Ip Man  twitterurl
There they go there they go RT twitterusername twitterusername ya man! Haha cb ah naqib. Aku every time tweet kt kau terigt there they go hahaaa
Man every little thing makes me overthink. Those very little things like averting your eyes when I talk to someone makes me think
Happy Bday To My Main Man Dot twitterusername .. Lil Nigga Been 1000 Since I Met Him .. Now He In The League !!
Keep on hating me . Keep on thinking that I'm the worst man that treated you bad . Yes , keep on telling that to yourself .
Watch a ridiculously tall man extract himself from a 1932 MG J2: If he can fit in a prewar British roadster, s... twitterurl
2013 marks the year of man utd legends retiring from their career. Will forever sing #ggmu thank you for the memories.
Ini lg sorg! Hang pie tidoq tim! RT twitterusername But I prefer zombie apocalypse in Unimas. Oh man, Im so ready.
Yah man something im gna miss RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername ya lor!!  Just walk around and just scumbag each other only hahaha.
Just to be sure. Is the movie The Great Gatsby about a man who uses a lot of hair care products?
Fuck man. i tot i was the only one. RT twitterusername sometimes i just get really sad because i???ll never ... twitterurl
Sir Alex is gone now, So Man Utd should be gone too? ??? Like what Sir Alex said in his speech, No one is bigger t... twitterurl
I see a little sillhouetto of a man. Scaramoush scaramoush will you do the fandango. Thunderbolt and lightning very very frightening me #np
"Parrot man" Zeng Guoyan leaving the Subordinate Courts: twitterurl - Part2. Haha. I'm just amazed by his face. Can make meme :x
When a man full of ego, arrogance, and pride say all those sweet things to you, you will just break down & cry. Dalam hati ada taman, amboi
Delayed word on Wigan; Thanks for beating Man City in the FA Cup final n sorry to see u get relegated. #Wigan
[YH!SG-FB] Find out how a man in Detroit airport got into trouble for making a statement ab...: Fin... twitterurl #singapore
Happy birthday twitterusername Have an awesome year & stay cool man! -flips hair- Hahaha! Oh, thanks for giving me the best GLs ever!
Now I regret not going home straight cuz my ankle is the size of a balloon. Sigh. Man up Saturday? MY ASS!!!!
Saw Iron Man 3 last night, the first movie that I've bothered to see in the theatres since Scott Pilgrim came out. It was fun.
I saw u doin a good deed outside . Woah man , i respe... ??? Nah... it's nothing much. I can't remember anyone sta... twitterurl
??twitterusername "twitterusername But I still hate Man U."yea! Hahah???haha kite Dari dulu support Liverpool mah.. Those were the days HAHAHAHAHA
'I fought for North Korea': Chon Young-man fought for North Korea during the Korean War but was captured. He l... twitterurl
Saying "I failed" makes you 10x more if a man then saying "what if" cause "what if" DIDN'T EVEN ENTERED THE ARENA!!
After so many hours. I'm only 50% charged. Thanks man. 1 full week of hell. 2 days of rest. Upcoming 2 days of hell.
that boy was so mad he kept calling me a man lol I can't help the fact that I can fight
Why do u hate raihan? ??? I just hate guys, who can't man up. And for being so annoying af. And those who keep apo... twitterurl
And yesterday was sherlock and I did great at the exam and now iron man. I'll take that as a good sign
My roommate just said that he'd buy a windows product just so that the richest man in the world isn't Mexican. Strong words from the Jew
Ni diorg kluar je, imma be the fastest house-cleaner of the century man! Vac here mop ther and voila! Sleep!
Cud anyone in the house by any chance had thrown the plastic bag with  the wetwipes and my wallet in it away..........awwwh man fml ?? 100000
Full Time. West Brom 5 - 5 Man United . Sir Alex Ferguson legacy has walked into history for 26 years as manager #MUFC #SAF
One of the most wonderful man in my life. Never fail to put a smile on my face :') no doubt that i?? twitterurl
"I'm doing just fine with women, I have no need to tie up a resisting woman and satisfy my need~~!!!!" The man has spoken.
i love kame's showa kame pic more more more than the naked one. look at that man! In yukata! With his hair tie up! Perfection!
Time and tide waits for no man. But let me be me, so why not end myself so all time would end in a pause. twitterurl
If I could take one moment into my hands, mister I ain't a boy, no I'm a man, and I believe in a promised land.
Those ppl wearing running man shirt.. Beware.. Someday, someone will just run after u all and tear out ur name tag..
A man dug out a grate near a public garbage area in the south of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, April 10. via twitterusername twitterurl
SYAFIQ THE SLASHER WON HIS FIGHT AT PXC 37 ! PROUD OF YOU MAN !!!! Even though i'm not from juggernaut,i'm still proud of you !
The thing that scares me the most when i was younger was the garang guni man. Because i always became the object of trade.
All a man cares is his generation ties. All a woman cares is to have kids. Serupa tapi tak sama, OK. Sudahlah, nak tido!
Yesterday: "You must be Jesus, no black man will knock on doors in an all white community to preach the gospel!" - on the forerunner :)
[YH!SG-FB] Viral in Singapore: A YouTube clip of a man hitting an office worker ??? who appea...: Vir... twitterurl #singapore
Chelsea Branislav Ivanovic is wanted by newly promoted Monaco after they were turned down in a bid to lure Vincent Kompany from Man City
Man even i know i need cash was willing to go see twitterusername if flights was cheaper ....im a fool in love
And especially my class #1218 . Thank you for planning my birthday man! Really appreciate it! ?? [Au]some day out with all of you!! ??????
Leave...don't close those eyes im sorry I don't mean my goodbye...HOLD ON ...I can not stay behind ...with nothing left to live on..the man
Sure Gabriel was the last man but he wasn't gonna score anyway so it's not really a lost opportunity. ANJAT GIRL2 WHEN HE KELUARKAN RED CARD
What really pisses me off is when people try making conversation with me while I pee. Im just tryna pee, man..
I should try a silat spar. Or taekwondo. or something damn man I'm hyped so far it's only been sanshou spars imma try something new *-*
??twitterusername Taemin's happiest memory is that one time Lee Soo Man accidentally called him "JAEJOONG" [Via: twitterusername that's sad leh LOL
Put in only 30 percent effort for 200m :( 90 percent worse than sports heats man why did I choose to slack! Cannot do that for O levels
??twitterusername I want to watch full episodes of HIMYM season 8. Can u lend me yours tomorrow ? Cc twitterusername Sure thing man. Call aku
That was like one of the tastiest waffles ever. Will definitely go back to the 7/11 at YCK to get it again man! ^^ ??????
Police on Wed arrested a 24-year-old male Myanmar National in connection with the murder of a 51-year-old man at Penjuru Lane
ew fuck no"twitterusername Girls be like "he got a big dick tho" looking like Trinidad James mixed with bird man"
[ST] First person dies of dengue in current epidemic: May 30, 2013 3:41 PMA young man has become th... twitterurl #singapore
"you are the most hardworking girl i've ever met, Nani. that is why you are our group leader." ???Shelton :') thats sweet man ??
Don't cry don't cry ??????? ~ omg when bfb play this MV about gma I jitao feel so sad man. Yes like what ahgui said, give ??????????? a chance please
U knw,any man who wants me must knw tt I can be uncontactable at times. Most of the time. My family gv up trying to locate me.
And what the hell is not sure will turn up on the last day. Wtf man. Den put in the bloody handbook lah
You were the man who never lied, never lied until today. But you could break my heart, like you did mine yesterday.
I'll never get rid of this shitty feeling man. Just as I thought I'm gg to be happy agn.... smthg ALWAYS happens
"A REAL MAN is not defined by how many girlfriends he had. It's by how many girls cried when he said "NO I'm TAKEN and I LOVE her""
A friend coming over to my place tonight to watch Running Man together gether. So im gonna goreng keropok dan kemas bilik kasi mood romantik
one time , my stepmom got into a HEATED argument with a huge black man at the mall, nigga that shit was intense
I ask my galpal , why u didn't add me on fb she said " your fb all full la.... exploding with fanss and your female stalkers man" AHHAHAHA
Man ...that rain was coming down in sheets... I felt like I was driving in a car wash thats how hard it was hitting. .. #scary
Hopefully after the exams wanna go to the gym with twitterusername , he's not just my sec classmates, he's my cuzzie man :) . Inshaallah :)
???People want to be amazed???: the man behind the magic of ???Now You See Me??? | The Verge - Looks like a movie... twitterurl
Barcelona Cesc Fabregas will meet manager Tito Vilanova this week for talks about his future with Man United interested in signing him
WHY IN THE WORLD AM I AWAKE?! Sleep 6 hrs only... I expect 12hrs man!! Argh! Leg is seriously killing me... Cant walk properly.... T.T ahhhh
Hope abang kekal dgn ehem hingga akhir hayat :* Me wish you all the best in your life ! Be successful man kay :b haha inshaAllah amin !
So he told me he'll say that everytime he sees me, because my face also so mentel. Hahahahaha!! What the hell man~!! :P
He guys beside me is wearing fart I swear. You reek of fart. Hugo fart for man. My god. Did someone fart all over you? Farting hell
Man, oh how I miss mass and praying together as one IJ family... It's weird but I miss having exams in the ij hall...
this is awesone and if the ego would allow us to become nothing sooner, we would all be happier! twitterurl Until a man i...
If you had 24 hours to spend anyway you wanted, and m... ??? I want to meet Bigbang and Running man members person... twitterurl
Even Iron Man needs to take a break, so why not you? JobsCentral & STA Travel Singapore are giving you an awesome... twitterurl
too bad i cant play running man for tmr band camp cos we know where they put all the items XD
#2 hey man it was nice knowing u during our mel trip 2012 :D we should talk a little more! all the best for ur upcoming exams! ^^
#0222 hello swag bangla! Why u never sing ur swag song huh? Haha see you in O PE MAN! And u are champion for not coming that day!
#66 hello, havent seen u in a long time! u change alot man! u're friendly and nice and kind! meet up soon with 6.6'09 :D goodluck fr O's! ^^
Wtf man. One green bug was flying ard then wen toilet saw one baby cockroach. Came out got one fucking bee. WTF
If the whole running man team is coming to JB . . i would probably beg mum for money to go for it . . :3
#99 alaahai nak jugak seh heheh! I know you're a nice man and i can see that you're changing for the better. :')
[YH!SG-FB] A man has died after being trapped under a toppled excavator at a construction s...: A m... twitterurl #singapore
Man United defender Patrice Evra is poised to join  Monaco - paving the way for Leighton Baines to move from  Everton to Old Trafford.
Your grammar also best RT twitterusername He was the best comedians I loved since young. Total respect to this fine man. twitterurl
What does it mean when a man looks at other women whe... ??? Means the girlfriend is uglier than the women he is l... twitterurl
It was really really nice of Haikal to take care of me just now. Physco chinese man keep coming to me and it was fucking annoying
Some part of FF6 is like running man. Haha! Damn funny, and there is an extra big size of Kim Jong Kook too. LOL
#27 Singapore's John Petrucci sial. When you touch a guitar, everyone will drop everything and watch you play. Absolutely talented man.
LeBron with 18 points,18 rebounds,10 assists and still lose? It just shows that one man effort is not enough to win good teamwork.
Craig Bellamy on Luis Suarez's ban for racism: "If it was a Man United player, I think it would have all turned out quite differently." This
Tan Sri Lim Kang Hoo, the Best Property Man Of The Year at the BrandLaureate Awards Gala Dinner '12/'13 in KL.
This hot scorching sun is so hot I bet all the man died because it was so hot. And the ladies are all crying with envy
Im tired to be a man that always answering "its ok", " nevermind" , and etc . Im tired to understand other. I hope other can understand me.
S/O to the old man that just raced me stop light to stop light on 21 in a focus sorry for the 3rd gear burn out lol
"I had myself believing I should take it like a man. But if you gotta go, then you gotta know that it???s killing me."
if not for the fact that i wont be in sg, I'd totally join race the dead. take my money man, seems so exhilarating hahahhaha
This is surely gonna be a tiring day man. Had little sleep, helping at haikel's uncle's wedding then to mma training
"To be satisfied with what one has, that is wealth. As long as one sorely needs a certain additional amount, that man isn't rich."\
#765 you beast, love you. Someone I hold close to my heart, Been a brother all these years, hope it doesn't change. Tc my man
A man in his fifties, having no regards for others, slamming his car door into another person's door because he himself parked too near.
I feel like a man now. These boys are into shopping while im not. Isnt that supposed to be the opposite?
[YH!SG-FB] A young man went into a coma and almost died from drinking close to a litre of s...: A y... twitterurl #singapore
Folks be so thirsty for followers man. Shit be gettin on my nerves seeing these "follow train" groupie messages Overload my TL.
I would be so proud of u man if u get into nfa next yr!:O... ??? Trying. Your typing so familiar haha twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] A 24-year-old Singaporean man is clinging to his life after a driver, who was fl...: A 2... twitterurl #singapore
Eh abang sapau happy birthday bro have a nice goncheng day! Bahan ftw man hahahaha! See you soon wee lurpcha twitterusername
#902 hey man. Been awhile since we met. I think it's like a few years since we actually talked properly face up? Miss you haha!
#7 eh sia la malay gk all the best in jc man! Im still gonna whoop your ass in fifa though ;)
Hey am I the only one who feels life in Singapore is just a constant rush? Like lightning man. One day after the other...
#85886 eh lembut! Stay cool and LEMBUT always man! Hahaha! Hangout after 17th and please la, Nay is not yours;) hahahahah! My Justin Bieber.
If Cardiff City managed to get Oussama and Oussama managed to break thru, oh shit man I will be the happiest fan lady ever :)
#126929 you're a wanker. but being in the same class for 2 years, partying at SHM your house and MBS was fucking epic man! Bros 4 life
I guess you'll never find someone that actually appreciates what you've done for them haha what is the world becoming into man
Radio done.. And I break the records.. the longest time I spent for doing an exam.. I am the last man standing at class..
I apologized directly to all whom i've ever offended, now you decide whether or not you want to stay close minded, or be a man.
Someone shld just take down the Stomp website...the website is a symbol of everything that is wrong with Singapore man.
A REAL Boyfriend Will Blow Up His Girlfriend Phone When She Mad At Him , She Might Not Wanna Answer , But At least She A See Da Man Effort ???
If I only I had time . To lie down on a bed . With aircon and a fast Internet and good quality running man. Would you join me ?
I luv the game man I luv to hustle. Be feeling like 1of them ball playin Niggas u kno like bird or magic or sumthin .
When a woman is trying too hard, a man will usually test to see how hard she's willing to work for it.
Andy Murray reaching Sunday's Final - it's the first time in 77 years a British man has made the #Wimbledon Final in successive years
"twitterusername twitterusername bro how are you? Kinda miss you dude."fine man im always at lot with bradder nw eh ws ley
UK's first dementia dog gives couple 'their lives back???: Man???s best friend has been lending a helping paw sinc... twitterurl
wah gav must be a somebody man, i'm not the only one who calls him boss. nah, he's my small boss.
Man I miss Kpop here it all Eng or Viet songs it all about fashion living uni...nothing to run away too
Man I wanna watch "Secretly and Greatly" :( The action-packed movie with Lee Hyun Woo & Kim Soo Hyun in it~ Will it come to SG??
Man City players will wear micro-cameras on their heads to allow fans to experience what it is like to take part in a training session.
dear lord jesus please bless me with a big fat man with a lot of meat that can help me to keep warm in times of need amen
Straight Girls! Make sure your man wraps up too! HPV SUCKS! RT twitterusername twitterusername Tell the girls too! Peps bernanah nanti baru tau.
Um what the fuck? I thought deactivating = lost LL FOLLOWERS? HMMM I SWEAR I SAW 0 FOLLOWING, 0 FOLLOWERS NO KIDDING MAN
Another one of my friends is now officially taken. Congratulations friend.Hopefully the new man with you now can make you happy.Happy for ya
I just wanna tell some of these crying ass niggas to stfu crying bitch!!!!! Nobody wants to hear that. Man up with yo soft ass!!!!!
"And unto man he said, Behold, the fear of the Lord, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding." #verseoftheday
??twitterusername I admit girls likes to fling around but a lady stay loyal to a man??? Means im a lady alr? HAHAHAHA
Tracy McGrady retires today. 2 time league leading scorer. To bad he was injury prone...He was a bad man!  twitterurl
Man United vs Chelsea this morning, an example on why the BPL is not the strongest right now in terms of quality.
??twitterusername I'm still not happy with yesterday's cashier. Naughty G doesn't have an age limit right? Fucked up man.. =3??? i oso kena b4
then they were like, i'm selling this that whatever book, pm me if interested. fuck you man, i contacted you, now will you get back to me.
Real Madrid vs Granada & Man U vs Chelsea later! oh god supporting two teams and watching every game is so fucking tiring ahhhhhhhhhhhh
with SayaSaya and Reia using the sousekyo pic i designed...its already more than enough to be happy man for the day
woke up hot asf man. like a damn slave ship in this bishhh. we need to go hunt for a nice fan for the window.
Happy birthday baby Dongho. You have grown up so much, you are a man now. I'm so proud of you. No longer a baby :') twitterusername
"Ordering a man to write a poem is like commanding a pregnant woman to give birth to a red-headed child."\
I've been sitting here, can't get you off my mind. I've tried my best to be a man and be strong.
t work or not t work i dont want t exert myself sia hais i rlly need afternoon shift man no i cannot take morning shift jobs
what twitterusername did was super awesome, dont think it happen in Sg cause been told nothing is free here. keep it up man! so proud of u!
Do you miss MEP ??? yeah man, mep was freaking fun...but i think only for our batch, other years seems more boring... twitterurl
I wonder if 5sos plans to restock the online merch store because I want all that shit and I will pay the shipping I don't even care man
Describe Farid! ??? Farid is a fat chubby fluffy piece of shit that makes me laugh even by jumping man, so glad to... twitterurl
I'm so sick of being lonely.....every night while my man goes out with his homies...I wanna kno how it feels to be loved to be loooooved
"You have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide." ~ Joseph Goebells, Hitler's Right Hand Man (Favorite TSA Line) #FAIL #tyranny
Was whatsapping with the lovely man till subuh last night. And we continued that till asar. Haha. We are the crazy ppl!
YOU JOIN THE AH BOYS TO MAN CREW AND USE CB LEAVE TO HIDE YOUR UGLY PERSONALITY OKAY STUPID... ??? ALICIA breathe omg twitterurl
Just helped a young man who is visually-handicap find his way at the MRT. The kind of intrinsic reward I receive from taking a step out to
What else do you need when you have a man who reminds you to do your solat? I dont think I need anything else.
this is Lek's Story. He is a 47 year old Singaporean man who's been living with HIV for the last 10 years. twitterurl
??twitterusername Not against hardcore dancing but why the hell do you guys hardcore dance to every band that is playing? That is wrong man??? THIS
whenever i see food on tumblr at night, actually at any time ever, I just automatically assume is laraine and just send myself off man
And I can see it no matter. How I try to hide. Even though there's another man who's in my life. You will always be my boo
I don't give a fuck. Y'all can call Trey Songz a faggot or whatever all y'all want to but that man is fUCKING GORGEOUS. LORD HAMMERCY
West Brom hope to complete the signing of Matej Vydra on Monday and have also re-opened talks with Man City over a deal for Scott Sinclair
home and fucking china man gave me a fuck face in the train just nw cause i sat down first before he wanted to sit
I was closing my counter then he came right up to me and said "Hi". Sorry man, I was really rushing for time???? :/
examples : If you see a trash on the floor, pick it up.If you see an old man or lady crossing the road, help them. You get the drift
you should really start picking up your past time man. I missed pl... ??? Skate with you? HAHAH WHO ARE U OLD FRIEND. twitterurl
Body aching like F, thanks to the running man game and sleeping on the floor but it was all worth it and fun :)
Yay twitterusername is going to be a man now because he's enlisting!! Seems so long ago that I first met you at ANE omg
After i get Note 3 i'm gonna smash this iphone on the road ground and jump on it to content myself man lol
"twitterusername Eunji chooses Sunggyu over L as her ideal type on 'Running Man' twitterurl is this girl outta her mind? twitterusername
and then i put on a ultimate Indecent Noise's set during the recent Burning Man n it made me awake! :D
The kind of man that knows exactly where he stands (aka the top) in his field of expertise, n can be construed as being arrogant abt it
Pimp in online vice ring case loses appeal: June 28, 2013 1:01 PMThe man behind the online vice ring case, Tan... twitterurl
Ahh I don't know why I can't stop laughing whenever we're talking about this matter. Both of my mom and my man are crazy!
Ono wong ngupil didulitke ning godong, although you're not man of steel, but with you i can be strong *tsaaah B)
86-year-old man from Sembawang dies from dengue; third death this year: A joint statement by the Ministry of H... twitterurl
still need to ask her for confirmation man. i hate how we need employment letter now. i mean.. previously none of this sia.
of 86-year-old third person to die of dengue this year: An 86-year-old man has died of dengue fever, making hi... twitterurl
Shocking thing is he responded, I remember you, The guy who loves Mcspicy, Lol! So he ask me how am I doing, Great man!
People that is in my position would have given up halfway through. I don't even know why I so strong man. Wth.
You're my fave ^_^twitterusername "twitterusername Lol man. That's why I hate light skin bitches, don't know how to take criticism"you hate me?:(
Arsene Wenger is facing another transfer setback with his interest in Man City full-back Micah Richards set to be knocked back by City
Why would this 70y/o man put a fork down his below. omg I don't get it ew it's so gross twitterurl
This old man so not flexible in doing things. If you're upset don't vent your anger on your subordinates! You're all brawns but no brain!
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says the club are likely to make a third bid for Rooney - but not until after Monday's clash with Man United.
twitterurl i know i'm pretty slow but damn seungri's new song is da bomb!!! Love it man. Definitely worth the wait.
parents should srsly know that the way that were teached during their time and this time is bloody different. its harder man
Oh man. I cannot stop listening to Katy Perry's #Roar. A week ago, I thought GAGA had it sealed... #Roar expected to do 525-550k first week.
If a man says you're ugly, he's being mean. If a woman says you're ugly, she's envious. If a little kid says you're ugly, you're ugly.
I give my everything for PT, and I come home feeling jelly, but i know its gonna be worth it. Gonna get fit man!
The lady who interviewed me just know said "Young man, It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do."
anyone wants to take a photo with the storm trooper and Spider-Man? C'mon down to south agora and get your ootd with em now!
Hey man, I know that person is pulling in your friends through askfm and why not inste... ??? Thanks for the advice:) twitterurl
Hello! Sigh frustrating over this kmw & i'm dying to ... ??? hey, don't worry eh man. what I suggest is you don't ... twitterurl
When in doubt find your old notes hahaha man wished I had my old exercise book with me omg that was my bible
This is life man... came home from training and mac and I found ben&jerry, laobantaohuey in the fridge and tim ho wan dimsum (;
Gas stations are like old men stomping grounds. This man just tried to convince me that my "boyfriend" ain't worthy of me, negro bye.!
What they dont teach u at Trinity n Moody - Jesus died not for sin, but for the messianic Davidic throne. Son of man,a title from Daniel 7
Not telling you ;) if i told you, do i get a chance to talk to you? ??? Ouhhhh man!!! Of course you'll!! twitterurl
why is this happening now when im actually having my exam next week ah i cannot focus already damn it man
You DON'T smile lidat ??????? &that fan who rejected his hug must be regretting like mad now omfg he was perf man p e r f f f
Sjii guy on radio' That malay man selling prata or that Chinese women selling chicken rice , we dont have a common language' English?! Duh.
I'm at the bus stop & this old white man is standing because this raggedy black bitch & raggedy ass nigga are taking up the bench. WOW
Oh gosh my cousin's on the news AGAIN. Queuing to be the first person to get iPhone5S LOL DUDE YOU HAVE TOO MUCH TIME MAN
Now this is the kind of performance thats been missing from Man Utd since the start of the season! Exciting first half.
This is not the place for speed dating n other forms of dating for a man of high demands n taste like me. Thank god i am attached.
Yst really is one of the most tiring day man. 4plus am wake up. .. all the way till midnight. But the process really fun
tweet about liverpool losing and im gonna fuck u w catus RT"twitterusername Tweet abt Man U losing and I'm gonna fuck you upside down."
We all know & can agree that Man U is a great team. This is not their playing style, this is Moyes'.
If the score like changes to man city's favor or by the closing stages of the match we're no where near them still. Sleep will do ~
Man city use black magic or what sial? every first ball kompany he will win and joe hart like take some steriods
Congratulation to Manchester City. You deserve to win. Nice performance,but bad performance by Man United. Come on lads, long journey to go!
Thanks too man...RT twitterusername Big thank you for the order of assorted mini cakes twitterusername and enjoy it ;) @ Caffein Coffee & Cake
Was reading the tl. Can't stop laughing at the macam faham girls which apparently is the "number one man utd fan"
So much respect for Ah-In and Hae Sook... Watch a lot of their dramas and it's really good to see them on running man
Tag team Eat my ass niggers "twitterusername RT ??twitterusername Shut up hoe ??twitterusername I'm glad I'm not in black Twitter,  man??????"
Foh nah lol"twitterusername Df u talkin bout we own u RT??twitterusername I'm glad I'm not in black Twitter,  man???"
the constant lack of space in my phone teaches me that nothing is precious/when you have to let go you just delete stuff man
Sufi is the best bunk mate i have! We can look at each other and laugh like mad! HAHAH this is not gay man.
Despite #LFC losing, the fact Man Utd played like shit and lost to #MCFC makes me feel a whole lot better
[TheVerge] Can a billionaire build a new Hollywood in China?: Wang Jianlin, the??richest man in China, has begun building what he hope...
Oh wow. Knowing what you want does NOT mean you are n... ??? I really don't understand you man. I'm not even askin... twitterurl
& doesnt mean we aint talking much, i replaced him w a better friend. no. we're just busy. pls get ur facts right man.
twitterurl their dance are fucking precious and unique man. Im not lying. God i hope i can dance like that! #SHINeeCmback
Just so you know, boy. I'm just playing fool with your feelings. I never have any feelings toward you. I'm just in love with my man ????
Eavesdropping on this convo. not understanding why some women HAVE TO HAVE a man. Especially if they don't like the one they have and cheat.
10 Things Jon Taffer of 'Bar Rescue' Wants You to Know About Running a Business: The man behind t... twitterurl #cloud_hound
Brave man. What do misquote nets do? RT twitterusername From 10 to 20 dengue cases in my area. I think I'm going to invest in a misquote net.
Latest episode of running man will be out tonight. Hopefully it will be much more interesting and fun just like the old episodes.
I'm so excited! I woke up today with a phone call by the delivery man that the painting I bought at a gallery in Bangkok is ready :)
??twitterusername twitterusername man I want to play you in college you better be taking care of buisiness??? I will Patna, you got my word!
don't get upset with all those annoying people on ask... ??? aright thanks man (: this made my day I guess ! haha ... twitterurl
All those shit quotes how a man/woman should be, being passed around and everyone starts to want the same shit.
Dude WTF you are a 23 year old man trying to date with a 14 year old? What the fucking hell is wrong with you.
[Y!FB] This man either has a real love for poisonous snakes, or for courting death -- y...: This ma... twitterurl #singapore
What the fuck there's a video on facebook and it shows a guy cutting his dick. Wtf man that's just sick.
??twitterusername #Cancer women are the best players of romantic chess. She knows exactly how to make a man desperately fall in love with her.
If i can have the power to bring down my fav bands. I would bring the story so far,man overboard,such gold,state champs,major league etc.
How else are you going to convince youngsters to take it seriously? Its all about getting ahead of your peers man.
Hardest part about being in a girls' school? ??? having boobs. what the shit is that man two lumps of fats on your... twitterurl
If I was to picking a night 2kill myself 2night would b that night. I'm so tired for this shit man.
Research finds that giving money to the poor reduces poverty: The classic proverb says: If you give a man a fi... twitterurl
So gonna get a scolding from my mum for going out at this hour but man its worth it. $10 for a walk to fro. Exercise HAHA
[TheVerge] Missouri governor halts execution over concerns about new drug for lethal injections: A Missouri man on death row will not...
Your boy is adorable (: always at mink! ??? Yeah he is! Haha hey thanks man it's nice to see something positive am... twitterurl
Lifehacks: Do your law exam with the mind of a man on the street. Do not study, just think fairly LOL
Don't laugh at me lol "twitterusername HAHAHAHAHAHA RT??twitterusername Finna smoke this baby ass roach since my weed man ain't shit???"
No"twitterusername The moment you get off he gone fall in your lap "twitterusername Y'all think that I'll find a man if I get off Twitter or nah?
trying to study and of all times my brain has to recall some of the starbucks recipes smfh not now man siriusly not now
"twitterusername The greatest thing a man can do for a woman is to lead her closer to God than to himself."
Taylor swift "twitterusername For God sake! I love this man with his really really red short pants. All hail Axl!!! twitterurl
Ok. RT twitterusername If a man stops giving you the same attention, maybe it???s because another woman already has his.
Lit is really the most headache subject. Dunno how to study for this man ): in sec sch can bomb, now cannot :'(
Can there be friendship between a man and a woman? ??? You can have friends as long as you're friendly and approac... twitterurl
But for this yeaaaar... Only 2 more shows and I am fucking done man. Cannot fucking wait to be done. DONE. D O N E .
Who ask u run for the train ??Quick-thinking man helps reunite mum & baby after they were separated at MRT station twitterurl
dude she's never coming back get over it already. you... ??? Hey, thanks man. But I can say that I'm almost her al... twitterurl
Dis doesn't change the fact that your still such an a... ??? HAHA! Yeah man. Probably you're right. But I guess I'... twitterurl
Tomorrow bby & ed coming over for my nephew man yue! Wonder will those 6 little devils come! Wanna play with them! So miss them !
"twitterusername wtf the fan trying to be like fellaini really made my night hahaha so funny i cant breathe" Update score okay. Man Utd kalah pls.
Good job lads! What a great win in your own field. Finally Moyes first win of the game. GLORY GLORY MAN UNITED! #GGMU #MUFC
only confident with globalisation. other topics....... nope not at all. if it doesnt come out, then i really don't know man. sigh
Saw a man in his late 30s I think, wearing a high school girl uniform at Publika today. What's going on?
I wanna watch the latest episode of running man which has gd, seungri and daesung in it. I bet it is going to be fun!!
your eyecandy is a guy you fucking piece of shit ??? I am eyecandying a guy,why I didn't know that man,thanks for ... twitterurl
You choose your own fate. Let no being hold sway over the right to rule your own life. Not even God, man-made or otherwise.
Wilfred Nderitu, victims lawyer @ #ICCTrial against Katumani 1 and 1/2 Man says dozens of victims want to withdraw after losing faith on ICC
Man..even when I'm enjoying my chicken, the table beside me had to be some HRs sitting together talking about work.
I think Moyes is trying to bring Man Utd to where he is comfortable with with Everton aka mid-table, before he can get his head sorted out
I woke up, and watched Iron man 1, 2, 3 and The Purge and Star trek into the darkness. OMG HAHAH my day is movied.
[Y!FB] We know and love #DonnieYen best for playing the iconic "Ip Man" role, but he sa...: We know... twitterurl #singapore
[WIN!] Running Man SG fanmeet tickets from twitterusername MioTV! 10x cat2 & 20x cat3 tickets to be won! Go go go! twitterurl
[News] Man jailed for taking upskirt photos of woman at MRT station: A steersman has been sentenced to one wee... twitterurl
Would you rather live without TV or music? ??? Without TV,oh man. Without music my heart would be like Taupok. Ugl... twitterurl
I read a book.. About love. the guy was asking the gi... ??? It's funny when people say, a girl's gotta 'man' up. ... twitterurl
My smrt man just called. me: "ah keje rajin2 abeh next mth blanje i" him: "hello darling, my bday comes first k" HAHA Siak kene balek.
"To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man."\
Oh dear.. heavy man stood up, but no one wanna take his seat, because he left a triangular sweat spot on seat. Eeeee
Its not my standart are too high, it just my dad set an amazing example for how a man should treat me
??twitterusername Speaker Bercow: "The word con man is frankly unparliamentary... it's a bit below the level." #PMQs??? for fucks sake dwarf
really hope I can squeeze out a b4 for bio fuck this shit man seriously screw u bio screw you big time OMG
A proud man is always looking down on things and people; and of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see anything above you.
If theres a player you can take from man utd , who wo... ??? What dyou mean by "can take"? I would love to marry a... twitterurl
6 rounds tomorrow because I didn't hand up my form on time ah but let's just exercise man nothing to lose
I think pumba is actually a handsome man who been cursed to be a cat. He like to stuff his face under my boobs sia.
If you could only see three people for the rest of your life who ... ??? This question is too difficult to answer man twitterurl
When I look at this old man, I'm wondering where are you heading actually? You do know that it's hard for you to move around. I pity you.
Gotta have to admit man, I curse a lot. And it doesn't looks right, not even close to cool. Point is, I don't even try to look cool
Man jailed for promising that a CID cop will dispose of evidence against a suspect: October 29, 2013 12:04 PMA... twitterurl
Where the girl would throw her scarf (right word?) around the man she was interested in and then they would start dancing HAHAHAHHA
Welshman Gareth Bale joins five Premier League players on the 23-man shortlist for the Fifa men's world footballer of the year award.
Man City GK Joe Hart is likely to be dropped for the Premier League game against Norwich on Saturday amid growing ??concern about his form
'It doesn't matter how long my hair is or what colour my skin is or whether I'm a woman or a man.'\
[Y!] Body found near Swissotel The Stamford: A body of a man in his 30s was found in front of Swiss... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] A body of a man in his 30s was found near Swissotel The Stamford earlier today a...: A body ... twitterurl #singapore
....but to me ....I think Choi Myung Gi has the role of ditzy klutzy childish Ni ...man I can't remember the name!! Down pat more then Yoon
Alvaro Negredo and Edin Dzeko scored in extra time to earn Man City a place in the Capital One Cup last eight at the expense of Newcastle.
Somehow I think this company I'm working for has really high hopes on me. Chill man, I'm still fresh from army
He has shown you, O man, what is good; And what does the Lord require of you But to do justly, To love mercy, And to?? twitterurl
Why isn't my whatapp working....I'm trying to talk some serious shit with my friend man bro. Get it working now now now
It funny how the foolish cute girl ALWAYS get the leading man in reality arse boobs and sex wins over cutness....that just the truth
What are you trying to attract when you wear perfume in public? A wild endangered single man? Just don't. It doesn't even smell nice.
"twitterusername The point at which the average man reaches his sexual peak is between the ages of 17 and 18." do I just passed my Peak age?
From the day i enlisted till today! From fail repeated times to silver for my ippt today! Fucking happy man!! twitterurl
"old man, take a look at my life. i'm nothing like you are. take a look at my life, so very fucking far" #np
Wad da fug!! My classmate is using a solution on his head to prevent him from balding. Man! That shit fucking cray!
Tried drinking a few sips of green tea yesterday, it tastes really horrible to me and totally regretted it man. Ughh
my future boyfriend need to cook for me pancakes when i wake up every mornzzzzz yep, u do the cooking man HAHA
Aku tau kok RT twitterusername And they say they know me?get the fuck outta here.only god knows what I've been through man!!!
Gonn do a bit of reading on one of my fav woman and while listening to my man before sleeping. Long fucking day tomorrow
That's a big girl ??twitterusername Your girl 220lb, you bench 135lb, she is the man in the relationship, she can break you.???
HE has brought down a special man/lady specially for each one of us but He is waiting for the right time to give him/her to us.
About to walk out of class and I will not come back until Monday...I need food, sleep, and my man.
Yeahhh brathaa, just ignore what the hell they wanna say bout u.. They just wanna fuck up ur life brathaa.. Have a heart , be strong man..
??Man who received oral sex from 17-year-old ran away without paying sentenced to 7 months??? jail??? is this about 17 years old or not paying?
One things for sure these hams will stress u out make u crazy then leave u cause u tripping and say u crazy? Yall weak as hell man.
One minute i was feel so depressed,the next minute i was smiling my life away. Man,how contradicting it is.
Barcelona are ready to rekindle their interest in Man City's Sergio Aguero after being encouraged to pursue the striker by Lionel Messi.
[TRE] The scholar vs the uneducated man: This has been posted before, but I feel this story is intr... twitterurl #singapore
Place your heart in the hands of God & He will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
you say you'd like it if people tell shit straight to your face. so why aren't you doing the same? dont go arnd talking shit man
Slept at 3 plus the the afternoon today after work! Now wake up at 8pm! And reporting to work at 930pm for the night shift! Long day man!
finally watched man of steel. started out pretty bad, i kept going "wtf is this shit" at the scifi shit. annoyed the hell outta me partner.
kyu's position in my heart never even wavered let alone shake ...to me i would not love another man more then Cho Kyuhyun
"twitterusername This is so damn sad man. They died trying to keep our people safe, rather than to laugh about flipping pratas."
Yayat elder cousin literally guessed my age as a 20 year old girl wtf man DO I LOOK OLD TO YOU ?!
A man with infectious laughter, and who prefers to go home after work: Things you may not know about Andy Lau twitterurl
So tottingham, chelsea and man shitty all in the next 4 games, 6 points from that lot would be ok ....... #lfc
Oh what I meant to say ...Girls please stop being so trusting don't hand a man all you all the weakness that they can used as leverage to
Man charged with hacking AMK Town Council site: November 12, 2013 10:14 AMJames Raj Arokiasamy, 35, has been c... twitterurl
Javier Zanetti. A man who trained on his wedding day, and lifted his wife and a bag of books when there was no gym in his hotel. Dedication.
My dear webs teacher, blame the Arsenal vs Man U game last night for me being late today for your lesson.
How come Man United fans are not allowed to celebrate but Arsenal fans can celebrate like fuck when they win? Pffttt loser
jason derulo-marry me is just UGH PLS lord give me a MAN WHO WILL SING THIS TO ME EVERY DAY!!!!!!!!!! miserable life come januzaj come
Storm survivors talk of losses: On Leyte Island, one of the hardest hit areas by Typhoon Haiyan, a man is aske... twitterurl
I feel so pathetic rn. The only way I could laugh and smile sincerely is only when I watch running man...
Cerita running man actually psl ape eh pls explain boleh ??? It's like a reality game show. very fun ah if you wat... twitterurl
[News] Man jailed for attacking 3 others in party brawl: A former banker was sentenced to 18 months' jail for ... twitterurl
FINALLY done w RE1101 past yr papers after 2 days wtf srsly sucks up a lot of time man #notimeforGEK1527liao #SUlah #butdkcanevenhitaCnot
Mario Balotelli missed a penalty as Milan failed to beat a 10-man Genoa side in a league encounter at the San Siro on Saturday evening.
If you had to choose a type of color that you thought represented yourself, which would it... ??? bluee, peace man :D twitterurl
mirip joe taslim ya "twitterusername Yip Man, the master of Wing Chun, sparring with his student Bruce Lee, c. 1955 twitterurl
Haha wtf man I really give up on myself I feel so fuc... ??? never give up. Don't let someone who doesn't apprecia... twitterurl
"But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God"
"twitterusername I may not gonna be your choice forever but I promise while I'm still your choice, you'll be the luckiest man."
my sister showed me satu audition for masterchef USA. this man had carried a wedding ring for the past 6 month!
If you saw a thirty year old man the size of ant in y... ??? Brittney: i would ask him if he brought me donuts & i... twitterurl
Arsenal will face, Everton Man City and then Chelsea (the next 3 fixture). If arsenal is able to kill off this 3, title is in control.
I was just waiting for this man to say his name again cause he was surely irrelevant so I surely forgot it
[Y!FB] A 38-year-old Singapore man pleaded guilty after harassing this US singer for si...: A 38-ye... twitterurl #singapore
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!"twitterusername Next week Running Man episode 170 Guests: TOP(Big Bang), Kim Yoo Jung & Yoon Je Moon. Date: 3rd of November."
I love you gloria don't be so affected yah they aren't worth your time -your fav table partn... ??? Aww thanks man:') twitterurl
Ahhh i see i see! It's nice to see you doing fine man :D Go for your ambitio... ??? Aww thank sir! Take care too! (-: twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername thanks for running with me all the way man! I appreaciate it a lot!??? No problem . Da da jangan sedih.
Man City's Yaya Toure subjected to monkey chants at game in Moscow. Russia hosts the World Cup in 4 and a half years. twitterurl
I thought so too but I was wrong RT twitterusername Yo enid blyton is a woman. I've always pictured her as a wise elderly man instead.
A video depicting a disturbing scene at the Woodlands Bus interchange is now viral where a man was filmed verbally... twitterurl
We should send girls like twitterusername to NationalService to see if they can run an extra km for IPPT. Now make your man a sandwich, woman
So younger boy you ok la? :)  Old man means old 10 ye... ??? Nah actually I prefer guys 2-3yrs older then me tho, ... twitterurl
Did this young man seriously changed his top while standing right beside me? Fit enough to not let me choke on my rice.
:O RT twitterusername Lol seriously. RT twitterusername "Kim Jong Kook gets bashed for tearing EXO members' nametag with force on Running Man"
Omg dont tell me I have a crush on a 43 year old man. He is so good looking he look 30 sia. Hais.
The report doesn't give sny reasons why the man allegedly wanted to send PM Lee the "used projectiles and bullet... twitterurl
Train was damn hell packed just now and there's this man who's talking about Singapore government populations and stuffs LOL psycho
I'm the fuckin world intercontinental champion man once I gave my brother a GTS and he never fucked with me again
Am I the only one who gets super shy when I see boys from sekolah madrasah? Idk man, it's just that religious guys are attractive so....
Who wud haf imagine tt a man w/o arms & legs got married with a cute son? Being disabled is nt e end of e world. #teenageself #NickVujicic
Thanking my stars for the lucky day. First I had two scoopful of Cheddar cheese for subway, now an Indian man pay for my bus trip home
Girls are something these days.. will do anything cause they dont have a man nor can they keep one. Reevaluate your life first.
Was trying to enjoy friends but noooo not one but two shits came up at the same time wow you da man junny
Already have twitterusername If a man takes you to a buffet you gotta show your true colors and see if he still fucks with you afterwards lmao
Man dealing with the stupidity I deal with I need to keep a bible by me to keep me from knocking somebody's head off
A rich man WIth $1000 that's only willing to spend $100 on you , is nothing compared to one with $100 but willing to spend $99 on you :)
"I saw this army man in half uniform at a car wash area in Johor. I am worried for his safety"\
Thanks man, I'm glad you liked it. I'm releasing my first albu... ??? Haha but I don't listen to this kind of music s twitterurl
Fuck ya fuck yes western fucking china man is gone. Damn happy. Fuck him for always attitude me just cause I can't understand his accent
Man, this mofuckin tough times drive me to write mofuckin enough rhymes to describe my position in this fuckin showtimes but still no crimes
[News] Body of missing windsurfer found: The body of the Singaporean man who went missing in waters off the Na... twitterurl
Fuck that hoe she's always wearing 'G'. Man, be careful, you might infected with HIV. Go home boy, pick that remote and watch TV.
Man GOD  just gave me a vision on how to get dis school work done its gone be some hard work doh but i thank him
PM Lee uploads photo of him with a man believed to be married twitterurl lol..it can't get more toll than this twitterusername
Photoshoot beauty shots now and we listening mow on our third hour of my mixes awesome man it's so useful twitterurl
But when u listen to your boyfriend and trust him more than your friend whom you've known for years, that's rly ouch man. It hurts me a lot.
Just went to my neighborhood clinic and it was over filled with prc.... wtf man.. we decided to forget it and just buy panadol.
For real tho when I take training, it's either you hate it or you love it, coz it's pretty much improv. That's just me man.
Having a beard would make a fat man look skinnier. Having a heard makes me look fat. ( No la. Not really ah twitterusername )
#NickVujicic spoke at 49 countries; met 9 Presidents. A man w/o arms & legs haf achieved tt much. Hw abt u? #teenageself Mon, 9pm, #channelu
My cute & sexy old man gave everyone a wink on a sunday morning. Pardon me for my first night shag?? twitterurl
I was looking for my lighter to light up my cigarette, then there goes a white man offering his freaking lighter. Embarrassing. Cute anyway.
The thing I hate about Asia is the stupid traditional thinking that man can grow to gotta and not wash a single cup. And a girl must start
Photo: kdramalife: Next up for 2pm it???s Nickkhun! He???s got a baby face and a grown man???s body. Looking at... twitterurl
??twitterusername Ok fuck whatever it is, kite tngk sape angkat cup nnti ok? Man u fans ;)??? HAHAHA GUNNERS BE LIKE..... #GGMU
they won but no class.. try to 'locked' ramsey, cazorla n ozil? fair play please.. ah~~~dun care, chelsea draw, man c lost..we still on top
So I always thought Terry Richardson is a scummy man, but after looking at some pictures from Terryworld, his scumminess has reached TENFOLD
my neighbour's son who is studying in my previous sec sch got the chance to go to cambodia.how come last time we dont hav such pleasure man
Like i said, my opinion...which man in the right mind would want other men look at their woman in a wrong way.
What made you wanna change for the better bro? ??? Idk man semakin tua semakin nak chill i'm serious. mindset teru... twitterurl
kris cut in running man was short, dude why didn't you do anything and the only part we saw is when your nametag torn.....
THIS??twitterusername You're not a real man till you give head to your girl while she's on her period. No excuses.???
"The world has the habit of making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where he is going." Good Morning, Peeps!
Off to listen to the man I love most in the whole world (except my father) Cho Kyuhyun sing acapella the sweetest voice to my ears
almost had an accident. but both of us is wrong. so why do you keep blaming me? admit your fault too old man.
Marvellous work from twitterusername . Identifies man arrested in match-fixing sting and speak to his sister - thought he was on holiday!!
Robin privet his insta ??? Oh man:((( just try imagining a mixed ang moh n Chinese guy with pretty eyes I don't th... twitterurl
Omgg this crazy man is pointing middle finger to no one on the bus. TWICE. LOL. I wanted to snap but he took it down.
By the way, twitterusername you guys should think of putting up jetways at Ksm. Man, arriving in an afternoon Kisumu rainstorm is no joke!
So this indian man must have thought i was staring at him, so he smile. But actually i was staring at a lizard eating an ant..
Tuitions everyday, waking up early everyday for the past weeks. I'm gonna crumble. Man, I need my sleep and rest. Gonna sleep all the way
I took the effort no matter how tired I am to see you. This is what I get in return... thanks a lot man...
Dont get the aunties man. Always say they damn tired and feet aching suddenly when the mrt doors open, they turn into powerful athletes
Ok la.. Nw good boy no more lips piercings liao.. Old man liao.. Stuff a straw inside each piercing hole!? D:
yooo, last night had a dream i was kickn it with twitterusername and kept calling him "Oga" lol... he was like "man, chill out lol"
If man bites dog is a news, then how could army fighting at jammu border excite dumb journos? Fighting is routine work for army guys.
Everybody wants my money. Jesus man, get it from somewhere and someone else. I only got a pair of listening ears to spare...
And every once in a while when I go for smoke breaks with one of the valet guys, the whole kl gangster dialogue starts again. MAN MAAAAAAN
Why aren't you giving specific answer? :0 you went there got bts right?... ??? Relax man. Yes, but I'm not there yet. twitterurl
sitting on the last row inside chem lab is no joke man sweating like crazy omg they even provide tissue HAHA.
Yes pls RT twitterusername [#RunningManInSG] SeokJin: I hope one day running man will be filming at the Singapore flyer! See you guys tmr!
haha by giving me an compliment,sorry that I am annoying you with all this ... ??? ohhh I see haha. nah man all good. twitterurl
the agony when you don't run that much and you don't control what you eat. You gain weight instantly. Man when am I gonna be a walking stick
??twitterusername twitterusername i thought wat we had was something special man. y did u betray me n go with some other girl ? Hahahaisss???
"It was called rock 'n roll, but guess what, oh no, the Man ruined that, too, with a little thing called MTV!" - school of rock. True enough
When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away
I ain't putting my life on hold for no man, fuck that, either get it together now or leave me tf alone.!
To respect is to be respected & to be loyal is to be well connected. Move like a real man, get treat like a King & Queens will protect you.
Heard Running Man is in town. Check out Singapore's very own Kang Gary! How similar do you think they look? twitterurl
The Running Man members return back to stage again! Jihyo asked fans if she did well & fans answered yes in unison! #RunningManinSG
Disappointed result for twitterusername today. The question on their fans' lips remains: Is Moyes the right man to replace Sir Alex Ferguson?
WAHAHAHAHAHAHAH another order from F21 LOL spent approx USD$275 on F21 stuff in one month man I am going nuts
Official bragging rights as the last sober man on the pacific coast at 5.55am after drinking since 7pm and I'm not even pissed :)
"twitterusername If a man says ur ugly, he's being mean. If a woman says ur ugly, she's jealous. If a little kid says ur ugly, then ur ugly."
I'm so sick of hearing that do what you want with my body song fuck man play bad romance I wish it was 2009
One of the happiest day in my life! I'm really touched seeing my buddies putting so much effort in me. Thanks man..
Man Utd has a manager who plays a regressive brand of football.Doesn't exude confidence that he knows what he is doing.#MUFC
Don't worry mom, I will achieve my dreams to get us out of this situation. I'm man of my words. Insya Allah.
JUST IN: SMRTsays man with samurai sword was apprehended at 12:45 pm around Bugis MRT station, case under twitterusername investigation
MRT SWORDSMAN: SMRT: Man was dressed in samurai outfit, jumped fare gate & brought sword on board train; staff informed police immediately
Shall get my stuff tml and yet again head off to the clinic. Spend some time with the man before heading to work.
Gus Poyet will allow ??4m-man Nacho Scocco to find his feet rather than rush him straight into Sunderland's starting line-up.
"twitterusername My man so cute ... So hot ... So sexy ... Kk brb nak project bye" HAHAHAHA cb dia baru accident please don't hurt his leg
This bestfriend bullshit thingy gotta go man. The term just disgusts me everytime i hear it. Its only cute for kids.
MoyesOut!!!!!! RT"twitterusername Nangis la ape lagiiiii "twitterusername Man Utd defender Nemanja Vidi?? to leave club at end of season [SSN]""
do u know what really grind my gears? people that posted a lot of picture on Instagram about some online shop. man that is annoying.
A Chinese man was just arrested for fighting in the temple at Chinatown. Haven't finish Chinese New Year lah uncle. Why do this?
I dont speak in other languages i'd just be american. HAHAHAHAHAHA. Dont know whats with the slang but its just idk man. Naturally out.
[Y!FB] It was a turning point for this man when he was offered a bonus of about S$4.8 m...: It was ... twitterurl #singapore
Drunk nights with the man is awesome cause he's like shit and I'm like shit. Hahaha. See he looks like shit here haha twitterurl
??twitterusername the fact that im actually happy without those i thought i cant live without has proven how independent i am yeah man???
To be on architecture course is not easy man. Not easy. Just put your heart on it. And live with it -?? twitterurl
A Gun Is A Gun. Shit Man Get Over It. It Happens People Bring Guns To School Erday. Shit like This happen When Yall Half Check The Backpacks
Just saw a blind man at the gym on the elliptical exercising; he's holding the bars & moving. What exercise is there for anyone else?
Man who tried to flee scene of traffic accident jailed 3 months for attempting to bribe twitterusername officer who stopped him twitterurl
Such a hectic day at work I feel like a mad man trying to get everything settled! I need like a freaking awesome foot rub
Eventhough i'm a Man United fan, I have biggest respect on Mesut Ozil because of his doa before the match begins. #RESPECT
Arsenal is still recovering from their loss against liverpool and they will be against Man U later. I'm still behind your back. #COYG
I am mainly excited for Marvel's 'Ant-Man' not just because it's another film in the MCU series but because it's an EDGAR WRIGHT FILM!!! x)
Wtf!!!?? All my housemates are NOT playing Dota now!! This is scary man! Something fishy is going on.. this is some serious shit!!!
Man, phew, finally done cooking. Standing in the kitchen for 3 hours. Not easy how a mum sacrifice handles every job in the house.
if this devil of a man in a monk's robe with disheveled hair doesn't make you want to watch Doctor Who nothing will. twitterurl
Former Formula One driver Eddie Irvine is sentenced to six months in jail over brawl with an Italian man in a Milan nightclub.
...i wouldnt have gave a damn if u havent let me down ... u can never be called a fucking man.. never in ur life...
Had enough sleep so what should I do now? Tengok Running Man ke study MIS/BL/OM/PM/HTMI? #FollowersPerluTahu #SayaPelajarCemerlang
What a brave man Thomas Hitzlsperger is, really not sure this is the right time to say he once played for West Ham.\
If you had lots of money what would you do with it? ??? buy lee soo man and yang hyun suk companies twitterurl
skipped my lunch bc i want to lose weight and now my stomach is growling lets eat like a bear yeah man
Man it's been almost three years in this poly and only now have I started exploring diff kind of food other than the Malay food.
Rain coming to Oz? .... Running Man ....what that?? I know twitterusername and twitterusername goes on it a bit....come too boys????
Losing is not so bad at the moment. At least we'll just be 1 point behind if chelsea and man city wins.
What does it mean when a man looks at other women when he is with his girlfriend? ??? break up asap. twitterurl
[TRE] Is the SG???s 50th Anniversary about one man?: It is apparent from the utterances of the 2 prod... twitterurl #singapore
Mighty No. 9 Creator Keiji Inafune Plays the Game Himself:  Keeping true to his promise, Mega Man co-creator Keiji Inafune has kept h...
House of Commons Speaker John Bercow begs wife Sally to seek help over drinking after she was pictured kissing a man. twitterurl
Okay. Time to go home now after researching for the interview location and the buses to reach there via Google maps. Wosh! Drained man!
what course to win tmr? ??? Tough qn man hahahahaha I have no idea, I'm just supporting my friends, not supporting... twitterurl
Fucking great leg day I am so worn out this is so fucking awesome oh my god embrace the pump man uggghhhhhhhhyeaaaaaaa
I invented a game. The 3 girls gonna have to find me a man first, then i'll consider abt losing my weight.
man. 12hrs ain't no joke. niggas needa stop sending shit , y'all putting me to work all muthafuckin night to the next day
life is going to be good. RT twitterusername This course is pretty relax. No sweat man no sweat.. Need some excitement...
i need to stop following twitter accounts that spoil episodes before i've seen them (cough cough himym cough cough running man)
Shah Rukh will always be the man, Preity Zinta's smile just melt my heart. Ahhh, I cant live without bolly!  twitterurl
Take it like a man an adapt to the change . But sadly I wanted to take photos with my mates quite badly .
This man keep talking to me but i just kept quiet. And then he started saying be want to sell this voucher. \
(cont'd) Just re-edited my second job ad to include I want to fetch graphic designing freelance works as well. Tired man, my hp is quiet.
Aite its a go..my old man will be admitted to the hospital and its a very good opportunity for me to lookin up at those nursessessssssssssss
??twitterusername You left me for a mat rep, what the fuck does that make me ???? You're too good for that girl, Kel. Too good man!!!!
Bold "twitterusername Man Utd have made 54 changes to their starting XI in the #PremierLeague this season; more than any other team. #MUFC"
Setelah Running Man,trus Emergency Couple, lanjut Prime Minister n I skrg Inspiring Generation dan besok My Love From Another Star..
Mr Joginder Singh,President and Managing Director, Ford India, is the man behind Ford EcoSport SUV, but he is not the Eco Sikh. #justsaying
I don't need anything to satisfy me. You're all the only one i need, being the only man to motivate me in everything.
[News] Police looking at CCTV footage of man found at MRT station: Police are looking at CCTV footage of the M... twitterurl
10 minutes left for 10-man Tampines to find the crucial winner. After enduring South China's onslaught for last 20, can they do it?
Thanks for always giving me another chance... i'm sorry i've been hurting you continuously. No other man can tolerate me unlike you??????
miss 2010 man,if boredom strikes,i'll just update my status with a photo HAHAHAHA and if i were to do it now,confirm kena trend
A very tanned one indeed! Haha RT twitterusername twitterusername wah, damn expensive! They thought you were Chinese man when you ordered ah Yazi?
kpopdads: tbh if you don???t think suho is one hot piece of man-meat then i don???t know if i wanna be friends... twitterurl
Every man is a hero himself no matter what costumes he put on. Happy Chinese New Year Eve to those who?? twitterurl
What Is a Man Bun? First a Hairdo, Now a Meaty Snack: Inspired by one of the latest men's hair trends, the BA ... twitterurl
The latest I've ever went home after working is 3.30am. Not later than that man. I really hope my mom allow thou.
Only nine clubs actually spent any money in the January window with Man City, Tottenham, Southampton and Liverpool doing no business at all
Only multiple ??twitterusername Why does a man having a child make you lose interest? What burden does that child put on you????
my niece 7 told me to keep my boyfriend , he a good man, with a nice car & a good job & he make her teedy happy  jtfo
W.T.F. ?!?! RT twitterusername Today the protesters are showing off a drone they say they captured from a British man on a bicycle.
& the racist man actually wanted to give my tudong colleague a chance but he said too bad you was with ur friend. Fuckin racist.
What was the last song you heard?  ??? the man who can't be moved yang di cover jadi the girl who can't be moved twitterurl
Wow so productive when we have a house here non stop working man hehe best this place should be office cum work huge for 2014
Postpone is okay, but??. My doctor is a fierce & stern gay man. Y???all don???t wanna mess with an angry diva.
#1407 what up man! How are you? A word to describe you, fierce ah eh! Hahahaha! Who don't know you? Confirm semua orang Tahu!
#46 eh eh! Abang Chok pon nak eh! One word to describe? Sachok ah Lu eh! :) Hahahah! Make sure I see you around tau! :) stay cheerful man!
This fucking drunk old man just came up to me and talked to me asking if I wanted a drink fuck dhhshahaha
Indonesian resilience personified: man on edge of Sinabung danger zone smoking kretek thru face mask meant to protect against volcanic ash
i love that man ...and time does not fade that love all it does is make my heart ache as i love him more
Oh my god they finally have a make-a-friend pool originally by soul pancakes in SIM Singapore. Kudos man :-) twitterurl
sidebar: I know the 5 ways to keep your man happy that y'all keep talking about. Imma sell them on craigslist
Time is passing faster than before. I felt that it was just like last week I spent my new year eve with my friends. Man this is scary.
And what of a relationship with God? I've never seen, felt, heard, or touched the man. How can you "know" someone you've never really met?
i give up man. no matter how early i sleep or how late i'd sleep; i'd still wake up feeling tired the same way
so basically, my "ride a man" guess also wasnt exactly wrong, ppl can stop judging me yeayy :DDD I know em very well XD
??twitterusername Man United are preparing the helicopter landing pad at the club???s Aon Training Complex for the arrival of Mata???  WOOP
Maybe I do manja alot HAHAHA but hey never manja with my girls or anyone for 11 months man. How much suffering is that.
Man City captain Vincent Kompany says it is only a matter of time before the club complete a record haul of four major trophies in a season.
You can called me stupid idiot crazy whatever it true I know im nothing but a fan ....I truly love him as a man
I think instead of exhanging jersey with shah maybe i can ask him to get me a powercat puma and beg adidas for his man u jersey . Hehe
"twitterusername that guy beside hansol is the super nice manager, forever thankful to that guy sobs" yes man best manager ever
Be fair for fucking once. Or are you still sucking the White Man???s cheesy cock as a former colonial bitch that you don???t dare to? Pussies.
Disabled man jailed for 4 months for slashing neighbour with keris: January 22, 2014 12:52 PMA spat between tw... twitterurl
Ugh annoying man! This retarded traffic light is like less then 1min and the waiting time is Probably longer like 3-4min....
ComfortDelGro can only offer an apology when one of their cabbies forced me into colliding with another vehicle.. what the fuck man?
dont RT anymore man it is so fake cant believe i fell for it and watched a 1 min video of the same revolving thing -_-
??twitterusername ??You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.??? twitterurl
Dinner wif my two lovely ladies and a man who always here in my hurmmmmm. (@ Chicken Chop Hutan Bandar Bistro) twitterurl
Achieved my target. Shot for goal from 20 yards then stop. Haha RT twitterusername twitterusername ya man. the smart one twitterusername stopped playing early!
An 81-year-old man in Sweden came across the notice of his own death while reading the local paper twitterurl
The good thing to start the day is Mata has signed to Man U. Oh yes, just a player they need...
[Y!FB] Believe it or not, this man is 78 years old. Hear from him about how he managed...: Believe ... twitterurl #singapore
HAHA. I asked but Aaron just smiled and laughed nervo... ??? idk man but laaaiiiikkk it's not for me to know eithe... twitterurl
Just when Nigella thought it was all over Angry Saatchi makes his most damaging claims yet. twitterurl Let it go old man.
never mind that she is hanging around a man 15 (?) yrs older than her and going away to Paris for the weekend.
Saunagoers, yes, the place is a sex den, a sauna, & everyone is almost naked, but you have the right to say no after a man approaches you!
Shoutout and a thank you to the best coach I've ever had, nothing but respect and gratitude for this man #CoachDick twitterurl
lmfaooo "twitterusername Like for instance. A retarded man had a green iPhone 5c on the bus, Now I have a green iPhone 5c. He don't???
In 2013, what is your resolution? Gary: wishing for happiness & success for all the musicians. And to come back with running man team.
Commitment. It's a step I'm willing to take for the man that I love. And I am not afraid of committing.
Y is every1 sitting down? Looks like picnic man. Ppl! 1 of e best music fest u treat it like ECP! RT twitterusername twitterurl
[TheVerge] Trip on psychedelic GIFs from the safety of your browser: Henrique Lima is a man of many talents. Perhaps better known as ...
No I did not cry but it did hurt.. But I'm a man and I can take it.. I'll be fine, maybe.. Soon.
So nice to hear twitterusername voice & think this is unique confident man that will return soon ...back to strong singing to learn how to act
Hong Kong reports third H7N9 bird flu death: HONG KONG (Reuters) - A 75-year-old man infected with the H7N9 bi... twitterurl
[News] Shop owner fined for selling alcohol after restricted hours: A man was fined S$4,000 on Wednesday for s... twitterurl
[TheVerge] PayPal and GoDaddy may have cost one man his '$50,000' Twitter account: Naoki Hiroshima had owned a rare Twitter account f...
See some different tactic on Tata, messi position was much deeper, made him more team-man but harder to score goal.
Sermon learning point: Never ever spill coffee on your boss' Macbook. Game over man, its game over. #kns #guagua #Forgive #Self-Control
a cute old man came in: "I'm on webster" oh okay so you are Mr Schimdt...."no taylor" okay so your name is webster taylor i mean
What is your type of man? ??? I think ive answered this bfr. But what the heck. Someone who's qualities are simila... twitterurl
I give thanks to the Lord for the Sabbath, for without it there would be no Sunday to rest for most of the present man.
wow if they take rena from ske to throw into akb concurrent, then jurina will go back? if not ske how? -0-)/ siao man
It's been a year at least and I still want the madewell songbird dress zzz where can I get it in Singapore man
Huh? Repealing 377A will lead to a loss of religious freedom in Singapore because gay man can have sex legally? Okay...
Lagu apa sedap eh? I need a new playlist on my phone man the journey to sch listening to the same old songs boring alrd lah
Anyone is better than the Amigos and that July dude lol  RT twitterusername Man ecsu could've tried to get young dro
now all i get is an shadow of him on top of that he is missing ...wonder how life has treated this man??
man how to do a hobby? cant draw cant crochet cant knit crap at designing crappy at origami im hopeless ARRRHGGHG
[News] Man pleads guilty to molesting 11-year-old daughter: A 47-year-old father of two has pleaded guilty to ... twitterurl
Ever wondered what happens to your old newspapers and glass bottles when the 'karang guni' man buys it from you? :) twitterurl
"My man broke my heart. I didn't blame him but myself. Maybe I'm not the best for him. Maybe we're not meant to be together"
(1/2) #seriously? There is one person in my class called "Lu Bei"? You should be fighting war not studying man.
why you so pig love to laze around why ??twitterusername Need to get up to go work soon before I'm late man......???
not a mblaq fan god this is a bloody nice song twitterurl Be A Man MBLAQ's comeback song - will skip over to mnet later to buy
Chamberlain TWICE told referee Andre Marriner he had sent off the wrong man in Arsenal's defeat to Chelsea after d official dismissed Gibbs
Lol hah! twitterusername You wear KIDDIES clothes tsek man RT twitterusername Lol do u feel good abt urself after tweeting such lies to the mass?
LOL RT twitterusername Speaking as a man who loses his voice by being near smokers, I am so all for this! twitterurl
This hideous looking man just pushed me because of a seat in the train. I hope god will push your death date earlier.
hate the fact that they're  gonna confiscate our phone from mon to fri bookout for 8 weeks. bastard sia. people need emotional support man.
i thought when ca's said holiday means holiday but next thing i know i have to come down for cca awwwwww man (':
Mr. Loudmouth mentioned that the man will fail. Such a brilliant judge of character. Well, the league is now wee colourful.. Great..
what a jerk man urgh u made stories of her cheating on u when you've already cheated on her damn boy
Man City boss Pellegrini has been handed a 2-game touchline ban for d comments he made about the Ref following last week's CL loss to Barca
Miracle? MT 'twitterusername Man found alive in a body bag at Mississippi funeral home as workers prepared to embalm him twitterurl '
Frankly speaking I miss Uncle Kenny. The man who taught me football alongside Pastor. Although i'm not good, i still enjoy the times.
War News Updates > The Syrian Conflict In Pictures (Photo Gallery): A man at a site recently hit by what activ... twitterurl
i rly think I spent a lot of money on lecture and tutorial notes already eh not funny man stop sucking my money!!!!!
For somebody hailed as a world class leader by his fanboys in PKR, why ah Nuar picked a NO class person (rafizi) to be his point man.
??twitterusername I just uttered my last word as Barney "Awesomepants" Stinson today. Nine years. Man, time sure flies when you're having fun.???
I saw you eating the wild boar with the shaman. I wan... ??? Good lord man. You should come next time. We would to... twitterurl
#TeyTsunHang is "a man without honour" said Justice Woo Bih Li even as he cleared the ex-law professor of his charges twitterurl
.twitterusername stance of funny is hilarious. He says, "One man as Father and one woman as Mother in a marriange????? (cont.)
A 2 stroker is enough to kill your "manual is man" idea. Otherwise I don't see why people keep saying things like " real men uses 3 pedals "
Listening to all the short clips and I got reminded of how much I love this man and how his voice always calms me no matter what ;w;
So my aca bestie Khai planned to eat expensive food tomorrow. And i was like, "nah man, i havent eat prata for a long time".
next is 8 man tag team for no. #1 contender for WWE Tag Team Titles, Real Americans, Shield, 3MB, RybaXel #SmackDown
Police looking for next-of-kin of deceased man: SINGAPORE - Police are searching for the next-of-kin of 76-yea... twitterurl
So i heard ox saved a shot that was definitely going in, what a man. Saviour but the penalty and sending off of Gibbs kills them.
Did not managed to come down to tamp to catch sufie performance today but thanks leena for the videos his awsome cover when I was your man!
Can barely life my body man this is going to be bad ready to hurt my knee cos no strength to use my legs
Man From The Star landing in Singapore soon! - actor Kim Soo Hyun will be coming to Singapore on 27 April! #KimSooHyun #ManFromTheStars
Swing never gonna give up! man already addicted and it arent out yet ...sorry if anyone has a comeback tomorrow me not gonna notice
Man United will be without Chris Smalling and Jonny Evans for the Champions League last-16 second leg tie against Olympiakos on Wednesday.
[News] Man charged over series of taxi robberies: Ng Kian Yong, 42, was charged in court on Sunday with armed ... twitterurl
Awun is the best of the bestfriend i ever had i swear hehheehe so much love for you my man! twitterusername
And people will stare at me with foods in my hands searching for an invisible man with daddy's slippers on. #Everysingletime
Man City defender Pablo Zabaleta believes the return of team-mate Sergio Aguero could help swing the title race back towards the Etihad.
Man named God sues credit agency after it refuses to give him a rating due to his unusual name twitterurl // ????????? god VS US ...
Wow just spied two really hunky gay guys on a motorbike. Wah the pillion hug his boyfriend so luo man di ke like that! JELUZZ.
Call yourself a man if a girl wears those kind of clothes and you respect her enough to not think of rape.
All those women like twitterusername who support modi would find it hard to digest dissertation of a young married woman for 45 years by man
Man (centre) declared innocent after spending 25 years in jail for a crime he did not commit ht?? twitterurl via twitterusername
Went to take 2 things but came back with 4. All IITSC things haha i wonder how much IITSC spends there man... They shld totally give %
Yeah man. Having each other's back and all that jazz.... ??? No prob dude :) btw you sound like my friend..are you... twitterurl
Jonathan got life tips from a bapok man, nothing against the sexuality, he was a really friendly guy but it was just hilarious!
"JOHOR BARU: A 42-year-old Singaporean man is now in critical condition after suffering burns to his body after... twitterurl
they should make an app... "wheres the mama shop?" and make it like a google maps to where all the mama shops are man im so thirsty
Wtf. My heart almost came out of mouth cuz a man just pushed me from the back while trying to escape the closing train door
"Give me any mountain I will climb it just have that man beside me or waiting for me at the peak." #thatCHOI /LOLOLOLOL/
Some people need to learn how to take marriage seriously and not blame the man in the end when divorce happens.
[TRE] ???PPP??? ??? Peddling PAP???s Policies: Since PAP and the main stream media love to come up with man... twitterurl #singapore
Wtf the taxi man is taking the longest possible way. Well I hope you take my money and live happily with it #moodspoilt #screwedup
One room blasting Running man and the other blasting Legend of the Condor Heroes. Some fucking sick joke my siblings like to play.
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 7: You'll be shocked by what this man found at a covered walkway near IMH twitterurl
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 7: You'll be shocked by what this man found at a covered walkway near IMH  h twitterurl
"twitterusername "Sorry I'm late, I was trapped inside my house when the door handle came off."" Everything is falling apart man.
man, kap's closing. always looked forward to eating there as a kid. remembered when spinelli was the party room, not the cafe now.
Police investigating man who lodged false report to cover up for loss of work permit: March 18, 2014 12:05 PMA... twitterurl
Well. Man Utd have themselves to blame for the self-destruction. Easy pens given away. Nothing to do with bias ref calls.
Man U , lost its okay. We never abandon a sinking ship. We stay on board and give support all the way.
Love them Man Utd fans. They got some real good ones who can see a good performance from a bad and accept that the better team won.
How can a middle aged man have time to look through every comment on every picture lol. Prob doesn't have a job.
I don't feel regret letting go my best girlfriend for tayim. He is my current bestfriend,man figure in my life,enemy and everything.
"twitterusername 8 y/o boy infront of me was like "my issues with life is eating vegs and waking up early" u are my man"
Why the fuck would you be with a man who was out raping other bitches not giving a fuck about you??????
I am a fun and aggressive person my man always come to me when he needs me especially when he stress with his real world..BORING REAL WORLD
The best thing of all is that the Indian mad man has ceased harassing me. Peaceful moments restored for the present.
You watch the fog of war and you realise that McNamara was a brilliant man, horribly wrong. Rumsfeld comes across as just fucking nuts
then the sunset and sunrise...who needs a man when the world is full of wonder and magnificent sights to take your breathe away?
Hey dad with your son riding pillion on your bicycle, pls dun chiong the pedestrian crossing red man. Think of your son's safety pls.
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 8: Man asks for cash for bus ride home -- then blows money on beer at restau twitterurl
Back to the Ip Man 2 final fight, now it's hard to even compare boxing to chinese martial arts, since boxing is a part of sanda.
Jose got criticised for slagging off his players in public but the man has still got it.He inspired his players to win the tie n qualify.
Undergraduate jailed for a year for sex with 14-year-old boy: April 09, 2014 12:24 PMA man who had sex with a ... twitterurl
My hope is you to change, be a better person, stop denying the truth, be a man and face all the shits you've done.
[TheVerge] Elon Musk on 'Silicon Valley': "I feel like Mike Judge has never been to Burning Man": Mike Judge's new show Silicon Valle...
find a man who will go miles for you just to see u smile and not afraid to be embarrassed to show u that he really love u
Yeah man. Why najwa latif? The theme is nice to begin with, najwa latif only gonna give a different feel, wtf with kosong kosong.
In which other country do you see presidential front-runner, right-hand man & two rivals/possible VPs chatting like this on election night?
A number of people I know should learn that. Super true. Jealousy is a bitch man maybe get a life sounds like a better plan ???
i promise, god i can/ let me be my true love???s man/ i???ll pack her up and run to a quiet seaside town
And even if you leave me one day.. You'll be the only man I love from the tip of my hair till the tip of my toe.
okay really man! twitterusername You are so boring ah? only goal i heard from ya is "hope more fans worldwise"???? yahhhh
I fell in love with the most amazing man I've ever met. And he wins over my heart. And finally made me his. :} hehe
A principled man resign fr all post n fight clear his name if jailed by the Court, Not make his personal prob as excuse to bring down Gomen.
Crowd wanted to help man pinned under bus, Tamil online group tells Little India Riot COI: March 10, 2014 12:1... twitterurl
[News] Man jailed 6 years for cheating Khoo Teck Puat???s daughter of S$2m: A former private wealth relationship... twitterurl
Just watched a video of two cats being wrapped onto a tree branch and then skin alived by a few china man like what the fuck?
[TheVerge] Newsweek claims it's found the man behind Bitcoin: Newsweek has published a story purporting to have uncovered the real id...
A man I know not, hundreds of souls I never met. Yet I'm still so anxious waiting for their return.?? twitterurl
Thank GOD for my Aunt b. Swear she dropped so much knowledge on me as a youngin about the plight of the black man...I gotta do better
i wish you'd explain to me whats wrong...... wtf man........ not nice to feel like this all the fucking time. clueless and shit
Take me to every party cause all i wanted to was dance ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername (at Jalan Haji Kasam) ??? twitterurl
I wanted to take a look but I end up watching the entire running man Australia RAW!!! Rain and Kim WooBin woohoo
[TheVerge] The Vergecast 114 - The man behind Bitcoin and the return of 'Shaq Fu': The Vergecast is a discussion of all things releva...
Mega Man Games Coming to the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console in May: See full gallery on TechnoBuffalo Once upon a time, Capcom promised...
once a month in Esperance go to perth for 3 days instead of a week twitterusername oh man i can get a plan for ipad ...but
This man knows he can't cook well but you can see he's trying his best to do dice that onion kinda clumsy but so adorbs ??? #cookingbatch
Everybody in the nightlife are fooling around. Do you have anybody whic... ??? I don't know man too stressed to think twitterurl
"Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause: Mr Gerrard Lin, nicknamed "Ah Siao", ran 31 ma... twitterurl
Benedict Cumberbatch and Tom Hiddleston need to be cloned in order to help the population; they set the bar way too high for any other man.
Man who uploaded nude pictures of former girlfriend gets six weeks' jail: April 01, 2014 11:53 AMA 56-year-old... twitterurl
Haha probably gonna be number 1 dj again this year Hardwell. RT twitterusername twitterusername True that man! He's sick as fuck!
The worst insult I can ever hear man. : she sounds like a kid. Xmm is it. Like xmm voice. Eh hello
We actually no lah, my dad always tells me over dinner, that I used to point at the "naughty man" in the kitchen as a young toddler.
??twitterusername "twitterusername I miss playing hockey during pxps days" AHAHHAA REMBAT SANA SINI??? OH YES MAN! And floorball too :( Mr Gomez
I did nothing to deserve you in my life man, why must you always create shits and leaving us to clear after it?
March, 27 1988 this man break a Wrestlemania record. he  is the most wins at 1 Wrestlemania event (4). and he win... twitterurl
Media from 20 countries around the world are here in Singapore for the red carpet & press conference of The Amazing Spider-Man!
Chanted daimoku. That sickening Indian man Whatsapp me again. Totally annoying. I don't reply means I don't want to talk to you.
[CNA] Cast, crew of "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" wow fans at Marina Bay Sands: The cast and crew of "... twitterurl #singapore
Found someone shared these photos of Dee Kosh kissing some dude. Must be his man or someone his dating currently? :) twitterurl
all the best Man U! haha gonna watch them and I hope they win so my brother and dad have something to rejoice about
What's the point of making sure kids cross at the "green man" if they're going to grow up to be jaywalkers.
I don't have swag. I got class. Class is for man. Swag is for boys, just like people say Justin Bieber got swag.
Its tough for a lady when her man is away. But I'll be returning to you girl one day. We'll be together. I love you forever.
If you do not know where are things kept in ur own house , hahaha ur not the man of the house either .
[Y!FB] "I want to see the Olympics and I need to get off now," said a furious man on bo...: "I want... twitterurl #singapore
20 years old gay man. Has sex with Viagra. Right. I'm sure you also had ten hits off the glass pipe as well? Meth makes you soft. LOL!!!
My lock button on my phone its not working anymore for no apparent reason. I didnt drop my phone lately. Wassup man? Dont do this to me.
??twitterusername Is any1 else scared of the guy with thing in his head who turns when you start dota 2???? Creepy shit man
Women get tired of hearing about what you can and will do. Women value action, a man of action is what real women desire.
.......errrrrrr i watching Jackpot.....and man it like a whirlwind hitting me....damn im dizzy twitterusername ... but tentatively i think i like?
man i wish Dongwoo would stop dancing near Myungsoo i keep forgetting to look at my bias when he dance twitterurl twitterusername
[News] Man fined S$1.95m for importing duty-unpaid liquor: A former company director was on Monday fined S$1.9... twitterurl
The devil is a lie ??twitterusername Tall girls can't have shower sex ??twitterusername I'm not hanging on no shower rod to fuck my man."
i mean lee kun hee, not lee soo man.. dat asshole guy will never spend/withdraw his money for others except for himself.. #AwesomeCEO
[Y!FB] An old man in the American state of Ohio, who was found guilty of harassing and...: An old m... twitterurl #singapore
Stalking my ex's Facebook profile because I'm so damn bored and here I am muttering, "so this is the man that gave me HPV!"
[TheVerge] New trailers: ???The Rover,??? ???The Green Inferno,??? ???A Most Wanted Man,??? and ???Jersey Boys???: This weekend???s big release is the ...
it breaks my heart more to see a man do everything for his woman and it's selfless love to willing crush everything for her.
Bayern Munich fought back from a goal down to beat Man United 3-1 on the night. The German side qualify winning 4-2 on aggregate.
I'm lowkey the same ??twitterusername I don't feel comfortable for a man to pay for every date. I'm not a freeloader.???
So this little asian man comes into my 711 today and buys a scratcher I told him to buy and he won a $100. #iexpectfifty twitterusername
Man fined for getting others to take rap for traffic offences: A former property agent has been fined S$13,000... twitterurl
Others im simply saying his act of going straight to the school quietly touch my heart and makes him to me even more a perfect and ideal man
Off to see I HUGGED THE BERLIN PATIENT - the first man cured of HIV - at The Arts House. Looking forward to it.
[Y!FB] A woman in China jumps and kicks an elderly man in the bus after being criticise...: A woman... twitterurl #singapore
Earlier on, there's been an impression about a man being at the edge of a cliff; pressured by someone who's looking out for herself only....
Relax man, relax. HAHAHA, I''ll tell you when im read... ??? Awww okay sure :) well I'm doing fine!!! Went to my m... twitterurl
Tbh i think ni hen kp XD very friendly ! Was there for me last time thankss ... ??? Wahlan what kind of bro r you man twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah i know lol relax man (you're not going to relax right)??? u knw me too well my fellow classmate
One Lap of the Web: Packards -- Ask the man who knows way too much about one: Car news and videos from all cor... twitterurl
Sorry David Moyes, a good man and a good manager but just not good enough for one of the world's top club.
Moyes sacked?? For real? Tak baik siol it's his first season with Man U. They should have more patience and faith in him!
Will be speaking to BBC World in two hours about the departure of David Moyes. For Man United fans in Malaysia.
i hope that giggs does a really fantastic job managing twitterusername to the point they make him  a permanent manager of man u.
[Y!FB] A British man is attempting to swim seven oceans in the world for charity. He is...: A Briti... twitterurl #singapore
Really din hv time for anything for the past week. Man U, ARR concert, Obama in M'sia, PU updates & just everything else. Time to catch-up.
No idea wtf is singtel is doing. Literally lagging throughout the whole night man i didnt pay for such rubbish internet y'know
Thank u Chelsea, for once!!! Yup, coming from a Man U fan. U mad Pool fans? I don't give a fuuuckkk!!! HA HA!!!
The air freshener in this taxi smells like a mid-life crisis man wearing too much Fierce from A&F. It's giving me a major headace.
according to my history of life, I thk I would end up with a shitty man. jialat ah. must be nun alrdy.
Early in the morning i was hair drying my hair and this two caucasian man step out of the shower...naked.
With a face as stern as a warden,this Malay man looked at me and said 'Eh next time queue up ah."
When did running man become a storyline variety and gets more boring. I miss the time when it's all game and real Variety
Wane my dear sweetheart please kindly stop your profanity sincerely your awesome girl. HAHA. But yeah man. The first line was real.
You got watch porn before? ??? Nope , wait is meatspin counted ._. . I watched meatspin one man one jar thx to fre... twitterurl
heart to heart talk on the phone late at night mai god its been a long time since i do this shit man ????
17 One-Man Submarines That Will Take Your Breath Away:      The world got you down? Wish you could escape to s... twitterurl
"Cuz my heart breaks a little everytime i hear your name." #nowplaying When i was your man (Before You Exit cover) - Bruno mars
An Indian man who resembles Ghandi walking at one end... ??? The one with the biggest beard, cause a beard signifi... twitterurl
Me too! Since she came on actually. RT twitterusername Ah man I'm falling in love with Melanie Martinez from the voice.  twitterurl
I??am a man. I am not a prince. I have emotions, options, a temper, a very loud voice and one hell of a?? twitterurl
being in love doesn???t have to be between a man and a woman, it is between love and love ?? #love #instagay?? twitterurl
No man has loved me the way you love me.You bring so much joy and happiness to my life. Forever love. twitterusername twitterurl
Sir Ryan giggs. Non-stop running up to 90minutes #respect #GGMU #15points RT"twitterusername Who is your Man of the match?"
I think I legitimately need to be patted to sleep man it's 1115 in the morn & I've been in bed fo so long I can't fall asleep
not #punny RT twitterusername "22yo man fingered for series of molestation cases in Tampines last week has date in court today"
Not sure if the person infront of me is a man or a woman. Doesn't look like a butch but more of a trannysaurus.
If i text you and you don't reply, Fucker what the hell do you think of yourself! Douchebag. Scumbag. Asshole. Fuck off man.
"twitterusername A strong man isn't those who have the ability to beat someone up but it is he who can control his anger." Must remember.
IMA SAY IT WAS A DARE DOE! RT twitterusername Man. When Forrest fine ass log on and see his mentions. All on YOU twitterusername ?????????
Wanted to buy a drink from the vending machine but realised I had no coins. Fuck man. NEED to buy drinks later at lunch.
Wow! Admirable. Lucky not CWO! Haha.. RT twitterusername twitterusername no man. Was cleaning East Coast Park with my colleagues! CSR event. Haha
Dark romance. RT ??twitterusername Elderly man kills wife &amp; commits suicide in US hospice unit, after deciding he could not live without her"
Just because he is being dumped, he think he NS that time is LTA so he is worth something very high la? Good job man.
Certainly work is not always required of...: Certainly work is not always required of a man. There is such a t... twitterurl
I would rather ask my man to save money to get married than buying me expensive stuff. Getting married is EXPENSIVE okay. Mind you.
[ST] Man jailed 2 years for molesting niece on three occasions: March 20, 2013 2:21 PMA 57-year-old... twitterurl #singapore
[YH!SG-FB] This man posed as a high-ranking official in China. Authorities are now on the h...: Thi... twitterurl #singapore
Trapped Hiker Rescued After 4 Days: A man who was out for a walk with his dog early Monday morning ended up re... twitterurl
heeeeeh sadie is already 8 years hm... wow. wow.... I remember when i starved to save enough money to buy their 1st one man dvd ^^
Wts RT twitterusername A man once deposited a junk mail check into an ATM as a joke and it was accepted, putting $95,000 into his bank account.
Somehow it's like so easy for a girl to leave a guy, I mean seriously. I'm suffering man! Always afraid of losing her and yet it happened.
Dont know how we've got into this mess,maybe it's a god test,trying to make it work but man this times are hard..
"twitterusername When i was young , my parents will say that the Garang Guni man will catch me   If i don't behave . \
Classy men are the top notch! I cant resist a guy in suit and tie. Ohhhhh man~ take me home! HAHAHAHAHA!
Weekend is over so damn fast.. :( 3 more days and it will be my bro's ROM. Cant imagine him being a married man. Hahaha
wow.. u are making the convo horny man.. thnks. i can masturbate right now:)) keep it up! h... ??? Haha not offended! twitterurl
Loving my old-new shorts from matvey wardrobe. Kinda loose but still ok! As they say, one man rubbish is?? twitterurl
I hate when good woman/ stress over a man or a woman anybody that has the balls to dog you don't deserve you
I bet when cheetahs race and one of them cheats, the other goes ??Man, you're such a cheetah!??? And then they laugh & eat a zebra.
One-handed violinist helps disabled make music: The young man tucks his violin under his chin and begins to pl... twitterurl
Hi awake, i dreamt that i've took a bullet at my thigh trying to save an old women getting shot by a mad man
"The Aries man is very dominant, loud and hot. He is an excellent lover. He's not a cheater but if bored he will drop you in an instant"
i just realized . combined .. we are soooooo........... wahhhaah!! be careful man... seriously.. be careful... piss me off n u will c
The man who asked "Are you okay? I think you need to drop at the next train." God bless you too really ??
Sex offender gets 6 1/2 years and caning for abusing five girls: March 14, 2013 12:05 PMA man who was convicte... twitterurl
Power ahh! Me and twitterusername manage to reserve the portable bbq pit! hehe. Now if hafir not late, its all ours man! Smoke bbq chix bacon!^^
Real Madrid manager,Mourinho claims that,the historic results he  got over Barcelona and Man United does not rank amongst his  greatest ever
Should I learn when I was your man on piano? Sounds really niceeeee because the whole sony just requires piano. Hmmmm
It may not be our number one priority to satisfy our man???s every urge but let???s face it, it pleases us when we... twitterurl
guys if you see this man, pls report to the police. He's been sexually harrassing me in the bus by rubbing his dick twitterurl
5cm... And "The man also failed to keep his promise of having sex with her at least three times a week." - twitterurl twitterusername
Happy birthday dearest twitterusername  I still can remember the day i met u back in 2008! Haha ! Take care ! You're an anointed young man of God
Omg I hate this paranoid feeling. What kind of holiday is this man. I can't even relax properly cos I feel so guilty when doing so
Yeah man, always having heart to heart talks! So sad lor, don???t cry hor. RT twitterusername Great day with twitterusername today! :)
"twitterusername I'm done trying. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. I'll probably still text you tomorrow, but fuck you." yeah man!
Lost the only man I used to love. My advisor,  mentor, bestfriend, pillar of support.  A good dad but not a good husband. love/hate relation
I favorited a twitterusername video twitterurl Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man By Hanbyul of Led apple Music note #11
Oh man. Feel like eating nasi lemak or mee goreng for breakfast later on. But see what time i wake up. Hahaha
have you accepted xiao long bao as your lord and savior ??? Oh man you know you've arrived at ask.fm when you get ... twitterurl
A real man isn't ashamed to kiss his girlfriend in public, brag about the queen that she is and love her like she's never been loved before
I still fail to understand of a man who sires many children then fails to eg pay for their school fees. Dude! Kuwa serious! Jipange
This whole Bid-ask bounce Roll model in the SG is a big fat joke man. It sounds like it's talking to itself.
Hahahaha fucker sia! Lousy bodoh kau lost to a girl! Hah! Where are your man pride n... ??? Ya ya, go on with that... twitterurl
Man arrested for suspected theft of gold bar and watches from pawn shops: March 22, 2013 12:45 PMA 37-year-old... twitterurl
[PIC] on the next episode of RUNNING MAN: School 2013 cast Kim Woobin and Lee Jongsuk, and Jonghyun from CNBlue! :) twitterurl
VIDEO: Terror in US shop as gunman opens fire: US police in Philadelphia are trying to find a man who fired in... twitterurl
if i were a boy, i think i'd understand. how it feels to love a girl, i swear i'd be a better man.
I just wanna sing my hearts out without people judging how bad it sounds. I wanna scream like a mad man and let all the unwanted feelings go
Stupid old man. You don't even take responsibilities seriously and you wanna say my dad don't know how to bring us up? Looks whos talking
City manager Roberto Mancini has conceded that the club can't win the PL title this season, with rivals Man United 15 pts clear at the top
Ahhhhhh! Omg so crazy over running man ep 138! The only guy that I'm crazy over in celebrities is inside gosh he is so handsome ????????
Monaco have offered Roberto Mancini a ??170m transfer fund in an  attempt to lure the 48-year-old Man City manager to France next  season
And that fish, was the fish the first man was fishing for. The one who waited for hours and hours, just waiting for that fish.
"Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will (cont) twitterurl
Guigui got so many relationship news right now sigh. She and yuwei and tingni is 3rd party, what nonsense is this man.
Ayie is out from DRC and i have yet to see him sigh rindu. Happy to hear he's more of a family man now.
you a grown ass man right? then why you still playing them little ass boy games? talking to everybody & they cousin what grown men do? ard??
Can't believe I'm watching running man in the army, all thanks to my sergeants, they're awesome! Sometimes there's positive in the negative.
Man Charged with Hunting Deer in a Walmart Parking Lot: Arcangelo Bianco Jr. wasn???t at Walmart to hunt for bar... twitterurl
Masjid Hang Jebat.. many things have changed there.. New carpet..even with air conditioner~ But the man who sells imported items isn't there
Search for Man Who Fell From Plane: Police in eastern Tennessee search for pilot trainee who fell from plane a... twitterurl
You know how long it has been since I wanted to meet Aniq anot? Wahhhhhh before the Esplanade was built man.
Omg i cant wait to meet jianhao or tosh or ridhwan or noah with nafisah man. We can fangirl all day (Y)
Everyday is a sweatsday. Let's go to class naked tomorrow. RT twitterusername twitterusername it hot man..it fucking super hot here
Man jailed for damaging bus stop glass panels with drain cover and stone: April 03, 2013 11:41 AMAn excavation... twitterurl
I know you???re reading my tweets. Come la read. Then you???ll know about me and her. You???re so welcome here man.
I mean like.. althou I'm a man but that doesn't I'm not a human.. I do have feelings too.. Why.. Can at least something good happen to me?
I stroke myself while looking at your picture. Can you suck my hard c... ??? That's sick man. Like ew perverted sick. twitterurl
Spring Break started off really cold.  Then by the end, it was really hot.  And now it's supposed to rain all week.  Man fuck Florida
Awh man that is so true. I have no love for recycled tweets. They get tiring after the hundredth time I read them.
Having a chat with an irish man we are talking about drums and bagpipes. Thats what happen when u was on Marching Band
Stupid driver started driving off without even checking if the passengers have gotten off and an old man fell off the steps. Stupid mango??
...this weird man in front of me just suddenly reacted by standing still & brought his hands up to his head. Like seriously WTF?!
cant help but think of the article declaring Kim Jung Un "the sexiest man in the world" when i see that picture. Hilarious piece of crap
"The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively"
??twitterusername Niggas will steal yo shit,help you look for it.Fuck yo girl,be the best man at yo wedding.Get you killed & speak at yo funeral.???
Hahahahahahahaah RT twitterusername "Any man with quality DNA in his sperm will tell you this: Don't get in my face because I need my space."
Know what? I dont rly want to know of darren's dating status or even his personal life.Chill on the stalking man
Pre-wedding album is done. And it's just, uh, so stunning I am at a loss for words. I'm feeling like I'm an extremely lucky man right now...
A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him even after he's got her.
IF I thought I'd EVER want a husband it'd be this man!! #Latino #BADBOYLOOK but all bout business. twitterusername #eyecandy twitterurl
Talk to many girls after yor break up....wtf man....I... ??? ha! they're just the type who'd go "Cheer up!" and be... twitterurl
Football: Man City beat United to keep faint title hopes alive: Sergio Aguero came off the bench to grab Manch... twitterurl
[ST] Gambler jailed for cheating women of horse race bets: April 08, 2013 11:42 AMA man who duped f... twitterurl #singapore
"We had the chance to get important players, players that this year could have been the difference in this team," Man CIty boss Mancini.
Fuck man.. I wonder who the fuck wants to wear my cloths in the house. All my fucking cloths all fucking gone.
??twitterusername twitterusername make sure u beat that guys face till his mom doesnt recognize him! XD good luck mah man??? woah too extreme
Idk man, it's like when I call my bestfriend bitch, that's how I differentiate them with other friend and that what makes them special. Lol
Haha I'm fine too sachok bro, haha see you around lah dan. Night :) RT twitterusername twitterusername Haha I'm fine man you?
My life is a joke. Lost my love, then all shit started pouring down & it's filling to the brim now. Thanks man! Fuck!
When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away.???
Just met a chick at the food court that sounds just like Lena Dunham. Man am I not fond of Lena Dunham.
Eh seriously man. Things that I lend you, I need it back. How long do you wanna drag this whole thing? #feelLikeswearing
spent the entire of tonight offline on twitter (up till now) cos running man aired today and this fanbase is gonna go crazy and idw spoilers
#Nw running man princess n stupid ondal..seriously I hate no sayeon..try to be funny but did not contribute anything to the team..
ur a racist. u tweet bout a guy and so sarcastic the ... ??? Blackie Lawless is a white man. he is Steven Edward D... twitterurl
Just finished my workout... Oh man. I'm so tired! ?? My day started at 8am... It is going to be 2am damn it
A Man Who Acquires The Ability To Take Full Possession Of His Own Mind May Take Possession Of Anything Else To Which He Is Justly Entitled.
GD's like a one-man team when working on solo proj. he writes, he produces, he sings, he raps, he dances & he does his own promotion too ^o^
Chelsea 1-2 Man City: Manchester City overcome Chelsea to book an FA Cup final date with Wigan Athletic on 11 May. twitterurl
Man I miss lil Dee I know we stayed arguing but at the end of the argument that was still my mans
What does it mean when a man looks at other women when he is with his girlfriend... ??? He dosent love his girlfriend twitterurl
oh wow there was this man who was continuosly digging his ears and nose at the interchange so me and dyra decided to take a photo and stomp
Today Sam saw me outside class and she hugged me so tight. Awww I miss AI man :( Thanks for the lovely hug twitterusername :*
[ST] Man arrested for series of thefts from vehicles in Bukit Merah: April 17, 2013 6:35 PMPolice h... twitterurl #singapore
Running Man EP63/EP64 RT twitterusername Question 9: Name the most significant festival in Asia that is held annually in Busan. #AirAsia
this made me feel like i was never good enough, so i'll leave, hoping i'll come back as a better man.
The last time Man Utd won the FA Cup, Eric Djemba Djemba was in the squad for the final, and Tim Cahill was still playing for Millwall.
Just saw the latest pic that twitterusername posted to IG. Now. THAT. Is what a man is supposed to look like! ??????
This Indian man talking to the bus captain and all he says is "yes.." This bus captain abit too enthu haha
Going slack with all the book out ns man pundeh at boon keng now too bad i they cant make me drink today cuz i took panadol ;')
Double killing sparks murder probe: A man and a woman have been killed in a Lincolnshire town, prompting a mur... twitterurl
Did y'all read about the China man who put an eel up his arse after watching porno to feel the G spot, but couldn't...pull it out later..?
I hate guys who are like, emo 24/7 like wtf be a man and get her instead of whining & be miserable about it
Nidia is back to her ownself. Making her fav angmoh singer/bandcrew to love her. This should be the way. Hahahah. And not over Running man.
This old lady in my job ain't got no teeth in her mouth at all just told my boss she lookin for a horny man
Mother grieves for son with measles: The mother of a Swansea man who was suffering from measles when he died h... twitterurl
What i can learn from twitterusername is telling the truth. That is the truth. That is bitter. You man, deserve a big stage. Literally.
Seeing various angles of the Suarez incident. The man is either off his rocker or he just badly wanted a mid game snack.
MEI ada Star Trek Into Darkness, Fast & Furious 6. JUNI ada Man of Steel. JULI ada The Wolverine, Pacific Rim dan Despicable Me 2. #bokek
it'll be so freaking nice to be at old trafford watching e match and e victory of man utd now uh.
Saw my hot senior........ i melted when she noticed me & said hi like a real lady. Im still the same shy boy, not a man. :(
Y play ske!!!? Team E someone. The only face I know is kanon. LMAO. goes bback to cnblue. #NowPlaying Greedy Man - CNBLUE
Haha! Not hotstuff as you in school lah bro ? Haha RT twitterusername twitterusername Hey man, thanks alot handsome. See you real soon bro! ??
I'm sorry, I am a gay man. Me dunno RT twitterusername I wonder how HIV+ straight people date. twitterusername would you like to elaborate?
Where u at my man ? U better appear infront of me tomorrow . I had enough of waiting ! Chey no la . Kidding . I dun see u forever also can .
Sleepy but I need to complete round 1 items for running man On Friday ): gosh I need my sleep! Stomach cramp like hell now
Iron Man 3 is one of the most entertaining and explosive blockbusters I've ever seen. I enjoyed it, dare I say, more than the Avengers.
Opening up a old book & rereading it man it was a GREAT story .. That's why I gotta read it Ova & Ova !
Tandem deaths driver pleads guilty: A man who caused the death of a couple when he knocked them off their tand... twitterurl
Indian man held for selling baby grandson on Facebook: Police in northern India said they had arrested a 47-ye... twitterurl
I am really not a go getter. I'm a 'almost get the thing and then run away' kinda person. Really need to change man.
This is shit man. twitterusername boss keep saying we nv keep the screwdriver properly and keep saying us lose the test pen what the eff
??twitterusername twitterusername haha take care nunu, see ya soon ???? aw u too man and g'morning~ happy thurs and enjoy ur day ?? best of luck
??twitterusername smh if you kno yo nigga or bitch beefing wit that person, why tf would you even associate wit them, smh yall crazy man??? why not
Man turned into a trusty waffle iron. Curse can only be broken when said iron is used to make epic waffles by his one true love.
spreading liao? >.< ??twitterusername 53-year-old man showed H7N9 symptoms 3 days after returning to Taiwan from work in Suzhou, China???
??twitterusername im attracted to hairy guys. i dont even know why???EEEEWWEEW FELL NOOOO MAN!!! EWWW! I like clean and clear guys??????????
Dear ehem, I want you to play guitar and sing when I was your man for me. Sing it with passion and emotion uhuk uhuk :')
#imagine after watching iron man 3 in the theater you realize that robert was sitting right behind you the whole time
Waiting for our seats, I realized I was standing next to Mr & Mrs twitterusername This man is a freaking GIANT. he's 10 ft tall #IShitYouNot
You know in school,I'm trying to avoid you,man! you're a type of person who loves to bully me. ME. the others? so nice,so kinD.Two faced -_-
power tripped! good that everything is still working after that...looks like Thor is not happy about Iron Man 3 being so successful
Saw a few of my colleagues in the circle line, they thought I'm joining them for the company event watching iron man 3 ,
Can I say I'm the real men? Because I can see all girls are pretty and beautiful. Some with appearances. Some with manners :D I'm the man
when g man screams at latecomers RT twitterusername twitterusername "WHYY!!!??? Aku maseh kt vivo ah. APE KAU BUAT KAT VIVO SEKARANG DA NAK START"
Andd along just called. Andd asked me to take Irfan and Sofia to watch the Iron Man since she gotta takecare of the babies. Today! Asdfghjkl
Shower later on , get some food and gonna watch all movies that i haven't watch . 2 broke girls , one piece , spider man 3 and etc .
Fancy arguing and stirring a quarrel with me just because my handwriting isnt beautiful although its eligible and neat... What is this man!?
We can prove to you guys we do not need gigi man to survive having him in our team is a boost not a burben
New episode running man , bad luck kwangsoo got raw egg hit in his head two times in a row. How unlucky ! Poor thing ):
it felt as if I haven been happy in a long time.. but yay for distinction for co and for iron man!!
AMEN RT twitterusername twitterusername Dude, seriously man, we were the coolest kids around back then. I mean, we still are, but, yeah. Hahahahaha
What's the point of having a lesbian partner alive if one of u act like an imitation man,flirting&being unfaithful like a real guy
I think I ate too much today. It's been awhile since I felt this bloated :( NOT a good feeling man. Hais????
Dont be sad. i'll sing soon:) RT twitterusername twitterusername awwwww. i can't wait to see u sing. oh man, its okay. yeahh
Killed Indian 'spy' to be buried: An Indian man convicted of spying in Pakistan and killed in a local jail is ... twitterurl
Its a been exactly a year and half... Its all over.. ACQUITED of ALL charges.. I'm finally a free man?? twitterurl
NBA player speaks about coming out: Jason Collins says it is "mind-boggling" to be the first man competing in ... twitterurl
Woahh that new: a 70 woman with the sharp wit and suspicion of a cheating husband...good luck old man u gonna need it
"twitterusername The reason why daughters love their dad the most is??. That there is at least one man in the world who will never hurt her"
Alright man. I've just arrived to school. Hip hip horray, I've finished running errands for the whole afternoon - claimed med, submitted...
Never lie shaffq! you know she's not there for you es... ??? SHE IS LA! CAN YOU JUST STFU!? SERIOUSLY MAN! I CAN E... twitterurl
So fucking hungry because I've forgotten to eat dinner how can girls on diet tolerate this horrible feeling man I need food
Another surprise for the big man hope yu had a good time w all of us twitterusername Happy birthday again(4 hrs belated)All th best pman! ???
Haha, thanks bro sorry I look pale & sick just now. Nice to see you bro ?? RT twitterusername Saw twitterusername just now. Haha get well soon man ??
In order to be married to a pious man, you have to first be pious yourself. For Allah has stated tht good men are for good women.
Do I even stand a chance with these guys? You guys are so freaking talented! All the best to us man.?? twitterurl
Hehehe i like! RT twitterusername this man beside me smells so good!!! keep taking in deep breath so i can remember the scent.
yay! ??twitterusername BREAKING: S'pore police arrest 52yo man believed to be linked to acid attack on MRT on May 2 which injured nurse???
A mini #jogging with my #dog (old man). Manage to run 3rounds and walk a round. I scare he too old?? twitterurl
I think I can say DDI boys are one of the coolest and most playful kids in School man! WE LIKE TO PLAY NERF GUN!
I did watch a video about mat rempit dah accident kaki tertanggal.guess wht the first thing he said? Yap 'aku nak rokok' ur about to die man
Hello :D why sound so angry ? Don't be angry man , smile :) if not you'l... ??? Hello (: awww so kind of you, thanks! twitterurl
You're mine and only mine, I will prove to everyone that I won't love you like a boy but like a man.
One hr talk -.- and yeah somemore uh mr ling gonna give a talk damn its gonna be a long day man
I really hate it when those Feminazis can justify their man-hating endeavours but then suddenly crawl back to woman-privelege.
My bass gigbag that took a thousand years to come, and my new computer case :D IRON MAN 3 later ^^ twitterurl
See my old man. I now eating and when I called his name straight away look at me. Damn alert haham fed?? twitterurl
Tia accused 'not like Ian Huntley': The man accused of murdering 12-year-old Tia Sharp told prison officers he... twitterurl
Alvie Glazer makes clear who picked new man: ??The search for a new manager has been very short. Alex was very clear with his recommendation"
Agreed you're so damn good man ??twitterusername Not pursuing my soccer dreams is one of the things that i regret of.???
Omg!. There is only one iron man and that is me!. Im looking for my pepper but i dont know where the fuck is she?. Haiszer
This tow truck man don't look like he kno what he's doin he bet not fucc up my car it's already a bucket lol
No, no don't get me the wrong way, I'm not suing it like "I wish you would want me back." No. I sincerely am sorry for it man.
Its not something to hide under neither is it an excuse ,be a man,face your problems don't use it for self-pity
oh yezzzz suit&tie on mtv! mood instantly went up ? justin timberlake is the bomb man guys he's the real bomb
Then my only rest day Wednesday is gone. I don't want to drop Korean man, its like I have already bought the textbook
Vote the lucky man RT twitterusername Legend jangan di jual RT twitterusername Roma and Napoli are also interested in signing Bonera
im hotter than her. RT twitterusername Gfs of dyeth men, leash your man cz they got this postcard designer girl working CLOSELY with them
setujuh!! ??twitterusername Oh GOD TV Spot "Man of Steel" di Warner TV.. Oh GOD OH GOOOOOD!! JUNE 14 PLEASE COME FAST..???
Can't believe we did maths all the way, , despite having difficulties and all, but still all the efforts were seen. Yeah man.
I was squatting behind.while listening to my music  and i didn't realized that there is a tall man stand beside me and staring at me.
Car slams into coffee shop table, tree; man arrested: May 14, 2013 9:38 AMA witness to a crash in which a BMW ... twitterurl
Now he is into iron man and Big Bang theory. Which explains why he wants a telescope. LOL. 6yo and he is watching Big Bang theory ????
I???m a proponent of tough love, take on bullies head on, you whine in a corner like a wuss for fuck? Man up and kick his balls!
To my dear NY1201C mates. Tmr is a good day for you guys because Fitri is gonna recharge his "Man-Battery" tonight! Hahahahaha!
walao ppl want u dw. later girl sad "twitterusername can i make out with you? <3 <3 ??? zzz. ok. not cool man. not cool. twitterurl
I miss twitterusername hope to have time with you man!(; have lots of loads of work in coming june!now having sone breakweeks!(:
I wouldn't mind people calling me babe really hahaha i can become girl also cause i ade man boobs and my beberd is small
despite so many youtubers growing in Malaysia, twitterusername is the only represent for Youtube Fan Fest! so proud of you man!!! #ytff
I am the magnet of crazy people and horny ah pei. This uncle just offered me a seat.. On his lap. wtf no way man.
"twitterusername You should buy me flowers and held my hand.Should give me all your hours when you had the chance."I'm not your man dear
Going to the Athletico Madrid's game at JBS next week with my school team, looking forward man can't wait to watch Falcao play
I'm not perfect and I'm not the best but I'll try to be the best but if you don't see the effort hope you find a better man.
Busy, busy busy day! Oh man! I need rest but I gotta finish this up first. And I'm very sure it's gonna take a long time.
Can i be an iron man?. Can someone put that thingy thing on my chest?. Like please! So i can fly here and there.. Hahah
Sir Alex Ferguson is retiring soon. Really wanna thank Sir Alex Ferguson for coaching Man United for the past 25 Years. #Respect
[ST] Man fined $3k for biting girlfriend's daughter on the chest: May 08, 2013 1:17 PMA SECURITY ma... twitterurl #singapore
Man. That's a lot of salmon in one bowl even for me. Loading up before a trip later this week! twitterurl
Beautiful alarm man I was about to fall back to sleep "twitterusername twitterusername lu bangun pas aku send itu ahahhaha unbelievableeeeeeee"
What does it mean when a man looks at other women whe... ??? It means its time for the girlfriend to poke his eyes... twitterurl
an old man came to sell tissue papers so i gave him $2 and he gave me 9 packets of tissue alamak wanted to return him but yea.
If i get to meet Sir Alex Ferguson, wow, will be damn speechless & he's like a father to us for supporting Man United.
Kau forever ta matang. RT twitterusername No. RT twitterusername stop being a boy. for your age, you should start to think like a man. seriously.
Man United are considering a ??30m bid for Real Madrid's French international forward Karim Benzema and could let Wayne Rooney leave for ??25m
Police appealing for information on missing 83-year-old man: May 11, 2013 6:03 PMPolice are appealing for info... twitterurl
I see this poor man,  everybody reject his credit card flyer so I decided to take but he don't want give me. Walau
last starting line up by SAF. Man Utd XI: De Gea, Jones, Vidic, Rio, Evra, Carrick, Scholes, Welbeck, Kagawa, Van Persie, Chicharito.???
Age is catching up, i want to be a good muslim man, good muslim husband(In Shaa Allah) and a good father...
HEY ITS ON 9GAG Man approaches lead singer of Paramore, Hayley Williams, with a guitar and kills it. twitterurl via twitterusername
When Man U fans tweet "fergie retired", some people actually thought fergie from black eyed peas was the one retiring ahahahahahaha silly
Hate accs are rly pathetic. I mean, say it t th face man. Why waste ur time and effort t create accs. Hah pathetic whole cunts
Them tacos Korbyn made earlier were delicious. Now the sausages are ready. Lord knows I love a man who can cook ????
Happy mother's day to twitterusername mum. Thank you for nurturing Marvin into a fine young man and the best friend anyone can ever ask for
"twitterusername The Latics held strong and firm against the star studded Man City and silenced critics." Torres shoots and he scores
MY NAME IS... MARCUS. I AM MARCUS. :X ??? Fuck man. You tell me honestly. Youre not marcus. Dont use innocent name... twitterurl
As twitterusername once put it, it's every woman's fate to get married to a man and drain the life off him.....cc twitterusername twitterusername
Mancini was publicly critical of the Man City hierarchy after their FA Cup final defeat for failing to stop speculation about his future
I mean look at how far they've come man. Omg if they're gonna announce a world tour I'll go crazy but
You mentioned no one would bother direct messaging her? But you bothered hiding behind ask.fm and insulting her anonymously! What shit man!
Hey so bad man , I've been telling you it's the truth , ... ??? haha okay because i don't think i'll have admirer!?!? twitterurl
Tmr school start at 10 and end at 12. Hate that time table man. I stay woodland. Schooling at ITE East. 2 hour school 1 hour travel. Sad
[ST] Pimp jailed a month for helping to run family vice ring: May 15, 2013 4:49 PMA man was jailed ... twitterurl #singapore
Pimp jailed a month for helping to run family vice ring: May 15, 2013 4:49 PMA man was jailed for a month on W... twitterurl
Once i rose the noise and confusion just to get glimpse beyond this illusion..through my eyes can see i was still a blind man
Jobless man jailed nine months for slashing and hitting wife with table fan and flask: May 16, 2013 1:18 PMAn ... twitterurl
"ey ey pls pls pls this is not needed man" "U THINK U CUTE AH!" "eh stop ah seriously not funny... OI!!!! this is totally-" twitterusername
Man City end season losing at home to Norwich. So Macca had a point then when he said money can't buy me love.\
GO AWAY?? RT twitterusername I hope Berkeley gets invaded by giant man-eating cockroaches and walking great white sharks cos I won't be there :'(
Man Utd: Wayne Rooney Will Not Travel With Team for Final Match Today vs. West Brom -- Details in Team Stream (via twitterurl
What can a girl do to make a guy like her? ??? ah hi again, hm idk man, I've never done that and I think people li... twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] A man was driving when he noticed part of the nearly 6-metre-long python poking...: A ma... twitterurl #singapore
Whenever i see you everyday, i just feel so disgusted.... how am i going to survive, seeing you like this so many times in a day man....
Nicole, can you come up with next year's NDP song? He... ??? ahhaah I know maybe I should man.. they need help wit... twitterurl
To those who fall sick during Ramadan and is still fasting,  in sha Allah your reward will be greater than the average man.
"twitterusername twitterusername haiss I wanna grow taller man" you let me pull your leg, then your friend pull your head confirm can one
Really need someone to talk to man . Seriously . Talking to you doesn't make me happy in fact its gonna make me go more angrier.
Reading twitterusername accnt about the parody, damn the man cracked up my night. Deal or no deal? Hahha! Girl, malu girl,tido sudah
i love it when all the running man members care for kwangsoo the maknae by showering him with well-intended abuse
lol you should just chill man it's her twitter so she can express anything she wants pfft IT'S CALLED FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION
Don't think my aunty is innocent she has been in jail 4 times have three kids with three different man and borrow a small fortune and tried
Man"twitterusername Shit.. RT twitterusername The day oomf friend zoned me,  my night consisted of "Take Care" & "It's dark and hell is hot""
"twitterusername The further you run from your sins, the more exhausted you are when they catch up to you. -Inside Man (2006)"
War News Updates > President Obama???s ???Body Man??? Says He Played Cards With The President During The Osama Bin L... twitterurl
Someone just sent me a text telling me to watch TLC; Me: Why? what's on? Person: Man with a 134 pound scrotum twitterurl
FACT"twitterusername Women don't wanna be with a man that can't turn off the ceiling fan with no strings on it"
[TheVerge] Apple manufacturer Hon Hai cuts out the middle man, sells TVs in Taiwan: Hon Hai Precision Industry (aka Foxconn), one of ...
Gw jga mati dlo dh ??twitterusername hoki amat ni org haha??twitterusername This man was declared dead for 14 minutes. twitterurl
fucked man wtf we got picked up by a bunch of drunk angmohs wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf twitterusername twitterusername #frickscaryshit
Also very dedicated to her work and is very loyal to running man. Kudos to her for being the only female warrior as well in rm! ??????
Talking about tatto. The other day. I saw a man with tatts on his arms and neck. But wearing a jubah with songkok to sembayang subuh. WOW
I hate seeking whores,whores that doesnt get laid or their man didnt do a proper job that they must be seeking for new dicks.
Nothing to do today. Still have to see that irritating man. Instead I'am so bored until I have to sing along to Ryan Cabera-True #nowplaying
When u r angry ur heart will beat faster than u r calm. So wat u can do is take in lar... ??? Thanks for the tips man twitterurl
It is suckier that my forsaken lecture theatre can't fit the entire class and yo I'm wearing a dress can't be sitting on no floors man.
Why dem bullets didnt curve why that gun aint jam why this have to be you man this cant be true ..
shah_aliff Project Director of MJA 2013. The man who worked his ass off for a year in leading a group?? twitterurl
You Da Man!!! RT ??twitterusername Just called twitterusername talkin slick and he threw a crazy jab back lmao. 1-0 sir lol???
Ya man.. I need to rest and turn it down a little bit RT twitterusername you must be damn tired. being gorgeous looks exhausting.
[TheVerge] Sony announces one-click broadcasting for PlayStation 4 with Twitch streaming service: Twitch began its life as one of man...
Hey man i know some dude want to find trouble with your friends on ask.f... ??? Hey thanks alot dude! I'll try it out twitterurl
[TheVerge] Burned out: tech money is harshing Burning Man's anti-capitalist vibe: At last year's Burning Man, a prominent tech invest...
In 1969 we put a man on the moon. In 2013, we let Miley Cyrus hang her ass out with Beetlejuice. #WeShouldBeInSpace
??twitterusername hmmmm so i heard every1 passed amaths CA, EH APA LAGI JOGET AH hahahahaha ok kidding lame shitz man??? your face A1 material sista
[News] Man jailed 15 months for slashing attack: A 22-year-old odd-job worker was on Tuesday sentenced to 15 m... twitterurl
What is your ideal man? ??? Someone with a really nice jaw, extended vocabulary and the ability to talk to me for ... twitterurl
Eh Joanna. Heard that you go swimming competition man... ??? i will just tell you my best 50m timing ok, its like ... twitterurl
Crap man.. if Muffin is my bf , ill definitely break up w him by now, he is too clingy ! My kitten is too clingy w me ><
I guess after christian bale not playing batman robert will definitely slay if he did iron man 4. I hope so
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Y is thr even a need to write reasons for math?? Tis is no eng man...?????? Yeah lorh waste my bloody time
I accept this as my kismet for not listening to the warning s of others when I was younger. Suck it up and be a man!
I think his taking too much for granted knowing he have what he wants and just by a sec his hands slips off, think young man think
[Y!FB] This video about a failed wedding proposal between a man and his girlfriend of t...: This vi... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername when to sky seh :'-) how was it? hahaha xD ??? i was high af man twitterurl dier nk fail kn kau, dier pon fail!
Putera Nadher Amarhan (J.Eldstal) Man of the match tonight.Malaysia untung ade player yg ade quality mcm dia ni in future.Umur bru 21 kot.
sABE recalcitrant WW2 evil man refused to apologise n compensate sex slaves, mass murders, plunders....shows fucking Asian values to Hitler!
Going to attend my first wedding from my friend. O no this is it man. The start of the attending wedding till i die hahaha
Who's your favourite Running Man member? And why? ??? Not really a RM fan but I guess I like Jae Suk the most cos ... twitterurl
ya cant believe im doing this kind of job just because i need money like hello, that's a man job & im doing it
[Y!FB] Check out this massive fish caught by this man near #Chernobyl, site of a disast...: Check o... twitterurl #singapore
But i just couldnt break your heart, like you did mine yesterday~ RT twitterusername You are the man who (cont) twitterurl
Dear running man memory, i hope my t-shirt that ive just ordered to you will be with me a month from now. Thank you ;)))))
I will rather die and be beheaded even if there is a pistol to my head and a bearded man taunting me to convert to his religion. Never.
I hate wen girls be in the hood man lol pull up on 39th were dat dude just got shot yesterday smh
omg same! :( RT twitterusername i have that fear that one day Running Man end the series. I'll not know how (cont) twitterurl
Annoying delivery man kept telling me I have to measure before buying ._. Just because the size was just right to enter the door
"twitterusername LOL this grown man in front of me in the train is like watching Justin Bieber interviews #notjudging" omg HAHA
This week's BPL early game: Man United v Crystal Palace. If Giggs & Phillips play, it will be the 40 year old face off...
Does anyone knows where can watch Running Man with English Subtitles on the internet other than Kshownow? Like got HD or HQ ones? (:
Eh! I remember growing up being very afraid to enter the kitchen at night because a short static man would be standing by the kitchen door
Freakiest shit that happened to me this year omg stupid man now I can't stop thinking if i'm cheated or not
How to raise up together like this? You're killing your own kind and want to depend on other people? Jokes on you man!
U r in denial, and is obvious to everyone but yoursel... ??? You are seriously hilarious man. Why the hell am I li... twitterurl
Maybe I go decide again next year wen I turn 27. To remain boyish or finally behave like a real man.
Januzaj just made his pl debut for man utd and juventus and Manchester city are already keen on signing him. And his only 18
#nowwatching Running Man Ep 163. The eng subs are out super fast today! I think everyone is eager for Monday Couple's kiss scene lol.
This whole week I've been telling myself to man up. Just cos theres a temp gap btw me and next lvl. Ugh I'm such a wimp
:') "twitterusername The best kiss ever in Running Man History is the one that Gary gave JiHyo on episode 163~ chu??? twitterurl
"When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away."
Girl and her family wearing man u shirt but they're out eating and not watching the match. Well fuck offf poseurs
I really hope waji crash into a car man. Fucker i say dont use my earpiece and she still steals it fron me wtf
Can I ditch readings and watch running man. Can I. Can I. Can I. Yes. Ok yes I can. I finished my essay already. Hahahahahahahhahahahahaha.
"twitterusername If you expose ish for RT's , you're no longer classified as a man, you're a lil boy trapped in a mans body."
What's the point of revenge? Be the greater man & just let Karma strike, don't stoop to the low level & commit yet another sin.
Man United have written to fans to defend their business in the recent transfer window claiming they will not be drawn into an '8-wk panic'.
"You might be married to the best man on earth, like Nabi Lut's wife, yet that doesn't mean you're going to Jannah with him"
->"twitterusername Man listen, a nigga who will lie to your face knowing you already know the truth.. don't give a fuck about you forreal."
Well, happy birthday Haziq. I'm glad to see you grown to a mature young man. More mature than me? I?? twitterurl
spent a long time and finally managed to fit all her face into this zoomed wallpaper. iOS 7, thanks man -.- #ruien twitterurl
Superman is racist , colorist afterall ! If a white man tweets to him , he'll reply . But not to Indians ! Y u do this ? :( twitterusername
Man United's young winger Jese Lingard who is on loan at Birmingham scored 4 goals. He scored his hat trick in 14 minutes.
It's monday tmr? Way too fast man. Certain people are going to ask about the letter i promised to write for them again. Gonna avoid you all
I've just been told that fellow Essex man and author David Beckham was at Singapore Grand Prix. Why wasn't I informed? I'm sulking now #F1
You arsenal fans remind us of our 6-1 defeat against man city but not our 8-2 victory over you
If this was boxing the towel wud be gettin thrown in mate. Absolutely dominatedddd. Having faith is 1 thing but man need a miracle. Garbage
Ahh thats bad.. I feel so sad for ManUtd honestly. Really. The moment I saw that score, woah ManUtd must return to form lah man.
Man city deserves to win! They dominated the game! Oh well, GGMU!! Cheers to my 1st Coors Light beer with the boys and Ros!! Woot woot
my pride, my ego, my needs and my selfish ways caused a good strong man like you to walk out my life
I feel so horrible. I helped my mum to update to IOS 7 and now her phone is laggier than ever haha oh man
I love the fact that twitterusername looks so western so bright so orang putih but speaks malay more than malay man. Suka! Suka nooooooo
I SMELL MONEY "sotea123: SM bring the camera man with exo shooting in Berlin,it seems like they will release DVD goods in the future~"
I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life.
[News] Man jailed 8 months after punching cabby who ran over dog: Angered by a comment a cabby made after runn... twitterurl
"why was the bear offended" "the man did not cooperate with the bear to allow it to kill him"I need help
Men jokes : Anytime you see a young man open a car door for his girlfriend, either the car is new or the girlfriend is.
if his time was up (touch wood), I bet he would be the happiest man, knowing he defended the country back then.
"twitterusername twitterusername I din know you too watch Running Man! hahaha" Guess what i've watched all episodes already and i'm a big fan!
nisa is getting back her $15 coz of me im a pro at terrorizing 16 year olds hahahahahaha stupid bitch sia cannot tahan man these little hoes
Just realise the Arsenal game's not being shown tonight. Yea yea.. Man U v Pool is a bigger game but still, screw you anyway Singtel!
I know it's not exactly right to stay up late to watch a football game before a early audition...but it's Liverpool vs Man Utd. 1/2
Craftsmanship.. RT twitterusername Look at anything man-made in front of you. It was the product of someone's thought and effort.
Wah, the old man heng ah. I need tissue paper and I got no $1 so I just passed him a $2 note. Lols.
"Stand on your toes!!! I mean ladders!" Me when talking to a man u fan. Can't hear shit from all the way down.
once the man and the woman are happily together, if the story gets cut off there, it'll be a happy ending.
For freshie? ??? Closest?  Just EUROS!!! ~~~ They really just wow-ed us man,the level of enthusiasm even on day 0,... twitterurl
??twitterusername Who wants my Twitter , fuck Twitter Bruh , fuck the NFL, fuck da falcons, man fuck??? my Patriots smacked ur team
Some friends here in my hometown are so fake they only likes you when they're not "behind you" so frustrating man like can you fucking not?
[ST] Fifth man jailed in second online vice ring case: September 30, 2013 11:44 AMA driver became t... twitterurl #singapore
[ST] Man jailed for punching cabby and fined for mischief: October 01, 2013 12:33 PMA chef who punc... twitterurl #singapore
Uri yong choding ???? RT twitterusername HAHAHA Yonghwa has endless number of Simpsons with hym xD forever a young kid man this boy <3
Man jailed 15 months for having consensual sex with underage girl: A father of two who held two jobs to suppor... twitterurl
Ya fuck off hahaha your turn will be coming too man RT twitterusername twitterusername Haha,well few hours more to go in heaven....
It totally reminds me of chingay 2012 I just miss dancing Idc how kental it was but I had fun man and a lot of CIP!! twitterurl
[Y!FB] It's never easy to look back on a first-class honours degree and a promising man...: It's ne... twitterurl #singapore
Can someone tell me how this "feature spread" has got anything to do with the man dying? No compassion whatsoever  twitterurl
Sorry la fuck. I know I today burden ??twitterusername Sorry man, I hate people who think so fucking highly of themselves.???
Bestnye hindustan. Tutop mata then dream kahwin dgn the man of her dreams. Then so grand the wedding. I also wantttttt, lol
The fact that my brother is so happy bc he's finishing his end of year exams and im starting school this is unfair man i wanna exchange
Anyway, during my "break", I watched the perks of being a wallflower, and fuck man.. as clich?? as it sounds, I was teary-eyed the whole time
??twitterusername twitterusername agree with you, a man can only touch a woman in 1 way, not the other way??? HAHAHAHA #gohuitheory :')
Some people are funny to think that I could match my face with persons I walk with. When i was with my man they said he's my father.
Why waste time on a selfish guy who spare no thought for his girlf ? Wake up girl , you deserve a man not a boy.
I really have a thing for moonleader ....looking at that Dp of mine...my heart aches ....but I still love it the most ...when a man shows
[TheVerge] Silk Road owner charged again, this time for hiring a hitman in Maryland: Ross Ulbricht, the man accused of running the un...
Then again I do have the taekwondo background and did very well during unarmed combat lessons. Easy peasy. So man points right thurr~
Anyways, if you don't find my tweets amusing or if they don't interest you, go ahead and unfollow man it's all good I ain't mad.
They first suggested me to wear their tudung which who knows who have worn that. So I'm like NO WAY MAN.
"i love dick" "what? You love dick? You're pervert bitch!" "Lol, my boyfriend name is Dick! What the hell wrong with you man!"
Yo Man When We Play Lincoln We Have Got To Beat Them Bro Damn We Can't Come Second In District Again ! #BryanAdams !
OKAYCAN ~ RT twitterusername twitterusername WTF ! DONT CALL ME THAT :@ Im just a normal boy who is going to be man soon :D
Simi Limited Edition? PUIK! RT twitterusername Man now Weston is selling that bullshit #FourStarsJersey too. Can that scam just die already?
??twitterusername It's Stoke & Villa all over again with #LFC defence getting bullied. Man the f**k up!??? Its like only Skrtel in defence
THIS IS THE HOT CHICK WHO GET FUCKED BY A DOG, dafuck bloody hot you can fuck a man. Lol twitterurl
you're not alone. RT twitterusername wtf man . am I really the only one that still HAVEN'T EVEN WATCH AHBOYSTOMEN 1 ?! WTF .
And tear toliet paper and cry in the toliet! RT twitterusername I didn't think Ms Thia would actually watch Running Man lol.
Loved it. You recognize my photo? RT twitterusername twitterusername thanks for coming down hope you enjoyed yourself! see you back here soon man.
Real men don???t cry? Prophet Muhammad S.A.W cried making du???a for his ummah every night, and he was the realest man ever.:)
One guy can make you hate all the guys, but one man can teach you that not all guys are the same.
if you wanna color ur hair for CNY.. and you know u will spend hours there.. download episodes of running man.
Earning more than he's paid, brilliant! RTtwitterusername A man outsourced his own job to China! Check out his clever scheme twitterurl
FIERCE RT twitterusername A 46 year old man from U.K died of heart attack while trying to do PSY's Gangnam Style at a party.
??twitterusername I dont know what to say ah ... hais world's toughest qs sry RT twitterusername twitterusername aku cute tak???? Man U menang?
oh man. not a good week for him :( RT twitterusername Nazmi Faiz is back in Malaysia and it is believed that he has been released by Beira-Mar
Deadly riots ahead of Bangladesh war crimes verdict: DHAKA: A man was burned to death as riots rocked Dhaka ahea... twitterurl
I stock a packed of petai dalam peti sejuk. aummm RT twitterusername You cannot argue with me man, petai is the best ??????
??twitterusername Can't deny i hv the best boyfriend ever.??? ?*shy shy* haha. Aww, thank u??. And I am the luckiest man, to have u as my gf????heehee
Trial begins in New Delhi rape case: The man who was accompanying a New Delhi woman when she was gang-raped in D... twitterurl
I'm feeling lucky and it's just Monday. A tweet from Jamie and a sudden follow by Sophia, Jamie's girlf. idk man. Am i dreaming? x_x
Ipswich Journal: Paul Mason Is One-Third the Man He Used to Be: Since Paul Mason had gastric bypass surgery in 2... twitterurl
Miss those happy times spent at 842.. All the childhood games like Ali bomb, block catching, ice&water and lastly our favorite running man!
"twitterusername "twitterusername "twitterusername Lol Man My Nap Is Like 7 Hrs Long Wtf" 10hrs here!!" Gah I Got Pwned =C" cheer up mate! Aha!
Finally home. Man fuck the bus lady for not coming & the replacement bus for burning out & the sub bus lady for being a ghetto bitch
I don't get like when my friends are like "man i should try looking for a job soon" but you always have money like fill me in
Police nab man who alleged molested woman alighting a bus at Serangoon Gardens: Police arrested a 41-year-old ma... twitterurl
See suspect's LAPD training video: CNN's Kyung Lah speaks with a man who trained for the LAPD with shooting susp... twitterurl
Today at Target, I saw this really adorable old man and he was picking out a Valentines card for his wife :')
#WTF now hyoyeon become Seohyun?! Eh walao this one not the 1st time alr hor U magazine... Fuck it man...?? twitterurl
lmfaooo RT twitterusername Why is the weed man hittin me up talking bout u need it ; nigga do it look like I'm coming out in this snow!?!
Great display from Bacary Sagna! Even with a man short, stout defending the rule & goodness for the numerous close shaves. Huge 3 points!
Been Loyal to Arsenal for 26 years though i got offers from Bayern, Barca , Madrid , Man Utd and Ajax i reject all of them
Man City's title defence suffered a huge blow on the south coast as they gifted Soton victory with a series of glaring errors at the back.
Man, If I ever get to meet twitterusername I would want to take a fun shot photo with her? #justsaying It would be cool! HAHAHA
They said day1 not good? No! Man U is now 12 points above manchester city and ronaldo scored a hat trick for Real Madrid:D
Man City's defeat reeks of match-fixing. What the fuck was that from Barry? N Joe Hart? Made a penalty save n a... twitterurl
"twitterusername Remove David Gill from FA.. You cannot have a Man utd chief executive as the vice-chairman of the twitterusername
i love my twitterusername sleeping form ...such a sweet pic  cant help smile i love that man so much .hai i should stop but can not.WHY SO KYUTE?!
wait a minute isn't that snsd fansign being held at the shopping centre where the very first running man episode took place #memories
"twitterusername " Allah has a beautiful plan, for every woman and man. Trust Allah and pray, and He will light the way "."
Enyewe mumeingilia sana Larry Madondo! He is not that bad off for a man with no degree. Cut him some slack guys! Please!
WA FATTYLIM YOU WATCHOUT RT twitterusername despite being a man slut the whole night , still a great catchup with gargantuan twitterusername ??
Well, of course la... I would do my best to resist... Learn to be a good muslim man before finding the right woman...
US jails Iraqis in terror case: An Iraqi man receives life in prison after pleading guilty to terror charges in ... twitterurl
I just don't get it man, maybe, you're just a boy and your testicles not yet fully grown or retard sebelah. I don't know....
Man I gotta find a way fa my jobless ass to get a cell phone fa I can get some bait lol
Part of godly manhood is understanding that when a man enters into a partnership with a woman, its more than just an entry into bliss...
No jaywalking. No crossing the road when there's no green man shown. No playing around at the traffic. Make a note to myself.
You still got a lot of life ahead of you, man. Dont waste it doing the wrong things. And what's worse is ended up doing the wrong thing
Man my cousin twitterusername some real stuff to me this weekend, i appreciate you for giving me that reality check!! RT tho
Customer pushed cleaner's shoulder causing victim to fall and break pubic bone: February 04, 2013 1:42 PMA man w... twitterurl
he said his grades alrd suck and he wants to join? all the best man. yeah it's a huge opportunity to go international in dance, but STUDIES.
UK man stands to earn S$84K from a lump of sperm whale secretion his dog found on a beach twitterurl
I'm just a girl who would rather spend her day in her room watching running man all over again without having any urge to meet people.
Man, you know who I feel sorry for? You suckers. When I???m not passed out, you have to listen to me go on about my cold.
??When a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away"
??twitterusername if caterpillars are able to sleep for a long time and come out prettier why cant I??? wah this man
Fcking red plate at south bridge road at this hour and overshot red green man when car traffic is red -_- so pedestrians have to walk out...
Man jailed for tearing open hundreds of items on supermarket shelves: He tore open hundreds of packages on the s... twitterurl
i wanna be in vietnam right now, running man going there in a week then mbc kpop concert there on april T.T
Lol,these 3 Caucasians guys asked if they were real man..and started singing in the skytrain ! Drunk I suppose ,hahha!
That's the reason why I don't care any longer. It's over man, you don't want to buck up, no one can help you.
any malaysian event manager on twitter? RT twitterusername Hearing that Man City, AC Milan, Barcelona will be having their pre-season in Jakarta.
Biker fined for causing hurt to police officer manning road block: A man whose motorcycle hit a cop at a police ... twitterurl
Once again, I forgotten to collect my shorts , fuck. Good job man. No one I can rely on to help me anymore.
Watching super couple diary: Eugene and Ki Tae Young.. Oh man.. My teeth all gonna fall off.. So.. Omg! Stick stick sticky couple..
U shld actually be making a month to be happy? 100k to 200k a month thts basic. Lol!!! Oh man! we all need to work hard!
Happy birthday twitterusername :) the only one from iron man 3 that gets into group C xD it has been a nice journey with you! Good luck :)
Fuck man, Jibby, the feels you gimme! Bumping into you accidentally gets me a thousand apologies + a Chanel perfume? WHAT EVEN, HOW.
You know what? I can't wait till I can be l  on the field. Making a difference as a man of law.
Let me lay it on the line I got a little freakiness inside And you know that the man Has got to deal with?? twitterurl
Name of Armagh crash victim released: The man who died in a car crash in County Armagh was John Hillis, 65, from... twitterurl
LOL!! RT twitterusername What exactly is a traditional Arab wedding? Where the man marries a 6 year old girl or a camel is it? Does he yell too?
By the way, today doesn't only belong to one man but to all. The Barakah of today will in Shaa Allah be given to all.
Read about a prc lady who didn't gave up her seat to a visually impaired man. Bitch mintak kene 1-2 jab sama aku.
And yes. Most of my cousins & siblings dah start layan Running Man. And mula lah 'oh my gee, comelnya that guy/girl blablabla' ._.
It was only halfway through Asar prayers that I realised the man on my right had just 1 arm. Yet the will to pray.
How am I gonna do this man. Studying for these 2 modules is just pure MA MA MA MA MA MA MA MA Mad Mad Mad..
this is awkward.. playing temple run on the train and I was so engrossed in it, this man have been staring at me...
All come school at 10, I kena come school at 8.30. Presentation alone man. Nvm, 1 on 1 also can liao...
VIDEO: Father held 'son shot in the pub': The father of a man allegedly killed by Dale Cregan told police he hel... twitterurl
"A single man has not nearly the value he would have in a state of union. He is an incomplete animal. He ... twitterurl
And throwing back the foundation RT  A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
??twitterusername What an old man will see while seating, a small child cannot see even standing on top of a mountain! ~ Nigerian Proverb???
I thought this 2013 Lakers team is better than the 2004 team that consisted of Karl Malone, Shaq and Gary Payton but man i was wrong.
Just pass by this section of AYE where I took my bus home during secondary school. Guess what? Five damn years back man jeesh
the classroom is so cold right now. i need a good looking and hot man to hug me now to keep me warm.
Listening to twitterusername in this cold night at work. Hmm, this man really "grow up with dictionary" I can say. You lyrics are so, true.
Is it me or the dude infront of me in the train looks exactly like Jon Berthal from walking dead??? Whoah trippy man
Gangster RT twitterusername Dude, you ain't happy about how I stare at you when you're smoking in a bloody school toliet, come at me man.
HAHAHA I thought a dog was going to pounce on me but instead it was only a man swinging his brown sling bag beside me -.-
nothing shocks me anymore RT twitterusername 25-year-old man high tried to have sex with an ambulance, UK court hears twitterurl
and you call yourself a man when all you do is to sit in one corner and order others around. hahas. joke sia.
I can't even omfg what the fuck man kris you went MIA for weeks and then TURN UP WITH BLACK HAIR I-
People's judgements are the last of my worries man, someone's always gonna have something to say. Nothing I can do about that.
GD on Running Man? FAKE news la! I saw it on my TL this afternoon. A pic was even included. There's Taecyeon as well. lol
storybk shall go buy tmr...hmmm... saw one last time with an interestin title. hope still hav ley.but dk content nice or nt man
Wa I swear this uncle loves me man. Always chat with me and now hong bao give so big also. Shiok!
Mali prisoner: 'Militants cut off my hand with a knife': The Mali man whose hand was chopped off for stealing a ... twitterurl
watched pll ep 18/19, was super horrifying!!! i also watched running man ep 131 and it was superb LEE KWANG SOO LEE KWANG SOO ?
Oii #xenophon my country Malaysia don't need no white man to tell us how to run our elections so just nicely go back to wherever u come from
just finished running man ep 129. previous idol team was much better. cuz nickhun and yonghwa were there. this time only yonghwa ??
"Absolutely!!RT twitterusername Should Chelsea beat Middlesbrough in our FA Cup fifth-round match then we will face Man United or Reading away
And in another life.. I would be your man.. We keep full of promises... #NowPlaying The One That Got Away - VN dari seseorang (???)
Tempted to take another break. I???m happy living in my own Straits Times guided propaganda newspaper and my library books, man. #SMH
wtf seriously, you are a man and u squeeze tru me just to get on the fking escalator before me. HELLO?!
Hxe what # you dialing ?! Dets why smh "twitterusername twitterusername I just did a man answerd then I called back and gt vmail call me"
6769 hay man , i always thought tht u were 17 . im so sorry , hahah ya we should lepak more ! love hearing all your crackjokes lol
omg kim jong kook's manager tweeted a backstage picture of kjk at the fanmeet and Haha retweeted it so many running man feels right now <33
Torture in Hell is something everyone will experience. Even the most religious Man have past. No one is perfect. Even the bad goes to Heaven
Happy Birthday twitterusername !! Have a blessed birthday (party hard) and hope to see ya soon man!!!!! Oh and have fun in JC ????
was really amazed to see the huge running man fanbase in singapore and around asia at IMM today, all there supporting kim jong kook ^^
"twitterusername Trying to capsize twitterusername ali and dylan kayak but failed....instead they crashed into a tree:-)" fck yourself man. Nearly died
man all my life it was just a fuck up. this type of shit scares me. & io kno what to do.
I suppose someone gave the wrong number or apparently he typed wrongly. Because I have been using this number since 2008. 5 years man.
??twitterusername P. Ramlee was the awesomest man to step on the face of Earth .???I have never ever watched his movies sia walao
Philippine 'sultan' says gunmen will 'fight to last man' as M'sian troops mount operation to end stand-off in Sabah twitterurl
Running Man star Kim Jong Kook wants his fans to remember him as a singer: March 05, 2013 5:10 PMYou may not kno... twitterurl
Its just that you're like a grown up version of the man of my dreams. (Scream ) That's like eating something with sweet cherries on top ?
"If a man doesn't fit, you can't exchange him 7 days later for a gorgeous cashmere sweater." - Confessions of a Shopaholic #quoteoftheday
Last but not least, takmu sedih la jacky! Senyum all the way, be happy man! Bila bi... ??? thank you very much bro <3 twitterurl
Siala why I'm always outdated one ah timeline was flooded with pictures of the beautiful sunset this evening there goes my chance man.
I'm reading the posts we had in the very first IAD Facebook group before school started and.... wow, time has really passed man :(
why you like liverpool? you should be a man united chick!... ??? sorry lah weyy, bila-bila LIVERPOOL lah weyy! HAHA twitterurl
RONALDO MCM MALAS NAK MAIN GITU. chill lah wey, i know you used to be a man utd player. don't dissapoint madrid pls
Everyone's going on about ManU's match and I'm watching the new Iron Man 3's trailer going WHAT THE FUCK IS WITH THE SUITS AT THE END.
Combined sectionals with mr tan on thursday for olympica and i cant even run my notes properly how the fuck man.
I swear my house is like a hotel in a cold country every morning man. When I open the balcony there's a rush of cold wind ??
The pain is gonna worth it if man utd lose to madrid later. Whether is it a win or lose i'll sing #GGMU MAY THE BEST TEAM WINS.
Exploring the whole island of Ubin for the most part of the day. It was fun but man, my knees & thighs are murdered????
[YH!SG-FB] What is the one thing Robert Downey Jr. hates about his role as Iron Man? You'll...: Wha... twitterurl #singapore
Kill that noise Vic,we good lol RT ??twitterusername My Heart Goes Out To Laker Fans .. Man Y'all Gone B Str8 .. Probably Like 2025 lol???
what do u think of man u losing to real madrid ??? urm, they deserved that. haha kidding! eventhough nani get sent... twitterurl
i showed my dad that tweet & my dad was like "man united fans. it's ok. ayah cuma pikir that both teams did really well today"
I wish the society will move from every man for himself to let's help one another & to we  are brothers & sisters..no racism #peace
No girlfriend wants another girl tweeting about her man, talking to him, texting him, thinking about him, looking at him. No one!
I'm moving on, I'll promise change, If you will let me in again, I swear today, I'll be a better man. I'll be who I was then.
Dah bgon! Mane kau? Kenape bilik gelap? RT twitterusername twitterusername Dude you're an ass for sleeping at my house. Its only 10pm man!
I really think Running Man ep 135 is awesome! Laughed so much during the show and Jackie chan is so cute! Hahahahaha~
What does it mean when a man looks at other women when he is with his girl... ??? he aint truly happy with who he got twitterurl
??The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.???
MT??twitterusername Teen stabbed to death in UK had tweeted about her fear of a man acting strangely on the bus twitterurl
??twitterusername Woman mauled to death by lion as had sex, man escaped wearing only a condom: Zimbabwe report twitterurl safe sex
"twitterusername "It's going to make me a better man and a better player from watching Kobe" - Dwight Howard" his definitely right
Suddenly feel like yelling to the world that the man i love twitterusername is always heart so full of admiration and pure joy just seeing his pics
SingIT: The Act for iPhone and iPad: Between a man-sized mouse, two foul-tempered ducks, and a cross-dressing ra... twitterurl
Wanna come back to my place to see my Apple store?: A man decides the best way to express his enthusiasm for App... twitterurl
RT twitterusername "But I'm not gonna date a man who doesn't have an iPhone & has an email that's not Gmail" #gallerygirls
RT twitterusername Is the new #iPhone5 worth the wait? Our man in San Fran gets his hand on Apple's new smartphone and his verdict is ...  ...
I don't get it when a married man do sex with another women. Same goes to a married women. Why ehh?? You got your own at home right??
It's 12am,11/1/13, Happy 21st birthday my dear, turning 21 alreadyyy and time for NS. Old man alreadyyy, be twitterurl
Harry Styles Is A GQ Man: Looks like Harry Styles' break up with Taylor Swift hasn't bothered the hot young sing... twitterurl
Damn. It is friday. Supposed to be happy. But it's a bad start man!! Damn. I also kena this gloomy friday virus
i warn you bitch , dont come close to him . i'll kill you if you do . not a second chance for you to get him man . really -.-
Haha that's a good one man! Thanks for the birthday wish, I appreciate it. You takecare and I see you later for takraw ?? twitterusername
Park Shi Hoo is charming, but his charm is not enough to keep me stay. I'll go back to watch The Princess' Man 10 times instead <3
??twitterusername fuck la i want go out sia. wtf is this spending my sat at home baking wtf just wtf man??? alalala
Had a great catch up with my Boy who's turning to a Man! twitterusername see you tmr brah before my night shift and your book-in. (;
Seriously am I going to watch every single video on the event page and comment?? I don't have time and will die man...
Don't you dare man. I have a friend who`s gang`s name is Chinchow. They`ll fuckin chop chop you up yoooo
I think he is high on something not halal! RT twitterusername Piers Morgan has said something positive about Man U. Your move Mayans
But huge thanks to the kind man who did. Albeit he was rather amused. Damn thing went in the fender now. Argh!
Man Utd's Antonio Valencia has reportedly sign for the popular UK boy band, One Direction. He can apparently only run in one, direction.
Breaking News : Liverpool FC completed a 2nd signin this season by welcoming Howard Webb from rivals Man Utd to their team.
Liverpool beat Man Utd @ Old Trafford 4-1 in 2009.......... RT twitterusername The last time Liverpool won ManU was in 2004 lol
Just can't fucking believe arsenal is down by one men and its against man city, who should it be today spoil the whole game )-:
Yeah dont get easily girls for a damn man! Gudnitee ?? RT twitterusername twitterusername Iyah srsly idon't care abt him. Tidur dulu ya! Gutnait<3
"twitterusername Miss the old Titans team very much. Where it's all about passion and having fun. The bond is really strong man ~" Ini dia.
Don't chasing after bull shit adds people.. Man fuk this shit... My feet hurt & life is to short for this shit...
Then I met a man who told me to .breathe. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath and just like that.. I was breathing underwater.
Met up with my pri sch mate outside the mall just now . He's like. " How are you man ? You still an ah beng ar ! " Wth seriously -.-'
for all of you that dont know, trill was a term popularized by twitterusername of UGK. no man from New York can every try and takee the term
??twitterusername Next week ELC and on friday.Have to reach school by 2 30??How man??Then have to bring my books all???? Yes, merepek kan?
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl [1080P] Juniel-Bad man,My Love, illa illa,Feat. Jonghyun Golden Disk Award Live in
HUH?! WHEN?! I fucked up during my trials today man RT twitterusername twitterusername my brother came home telling me that you were good ??
Shit man, Never in my life i encounter such a freaking fast reformat of Windows 7 with driver installation and stuff it took me 30 minute ;)
A man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind, may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled~
Mancini claims RVP is e main diff in e title race.what can one man do compared to Silva Tevez Aguero Dzeko? #excuses #manunited #ggmu
"Every minute, every second man I swear that she can't it, say if you a bad bitch put ya'hands up high" ????
He wants to b Keanu Reeves lol! #speed RT twitterusername Man charged with stealing SBS Transit bus at Buona Vista bus terminal twitterurl
And we're off - a man I grew up admiring (mostly) about to reveal his true self and draw the bullshit facade aside.
Does that old man whom Yunho bumped into know that he's currently being watched on youtube and gif-ed by thousands of fangirls
Koh Poh Koon: As your man on ground, I will bring about concrete improvements so we can enjoy better home, nicer neighbourhood #punggoleast
AW JESUS (Hesus) "I'll hang around. It's just 9 hours. Then we'll go for movies." Lafayette you lucky man. Jesus is hot.
oMg a group of random guys came up to me and asked me if i'm really Jasmine WTF MAN CAN U NOT
I gotta hand it to you man. How do you act like nothing bothers you when your world is actually crashing?
Just feels good chatting with my OG mates again man. Used to be so envy of others when they have OG outings and stuff. NOT ANYMORE!! ??
What's Hot 91.3 fm without The Married Man????? Probably just another plain boring radio station.I WANT ROD AND AUDREY BACK ON THE RADIO!!!
"twitterusername twitterusername This guy should have won 1st place then hendri" hahaha but still fine man im in 2nd place~ thanks bro!
Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakin' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation.
Wtf ah this man, aku dah order galaxy sticker tu dulu how could you sold it to my cousin you bastard!!
Its raining snow.. Blankets and blankets of snow all over United Kingdom. Cant wait to create my very own snow man :DD
"twitterusername twitterusername last night I dreamed that I had a really really big scallop in my mouth TT_TT it's just a dream." ...u ...random man!
Man fuck that shit. I'll be out spending all these money while u sit around wondering why wasnt u came up fr nothing.
Dats Dat Fitness Stress Huh Man? lol. And Yaw Veterans In The Fitness World Too, How DARE Her Not Eat That Cornbread LMAO!! #DCMG
Hate it man. Being editor is time consuming. And story boarding I don't even know how to do. Plus both so time consuming. twitterusername
Why can't they play this well during the match against man utd?! Haish. But well done LIVERPOOL! 4-0 #LFC #YNWA
I just saw misSed calL from twitterusername 1 hour ago.  I just saw it.  SorRy.  But I'm going to watch Iron Man now.  >_<"""
I needa pee. This bus is way too cold AND I'm still stuck at Punggol becausr of some jam. Wts man???? I got out early! :(
You are?? RT twitterusername Me -_____- RT twitterusername Coba aja ada cowok sperti yg d gambarkan the script di lagunya the man who can't be
Meet the Man Who Built a Full-Size Replica of a Train Car in His Basement: Boys often want to grow up to become ... twitterurl
most jialat monday blues ever.. it is not even monday yet, how man how am i gonna survive the next 3 months lol.
Next ep of Running Man on Ch U, Yonghwa changed outfit & pretend to be cameraman. Lol this trick Heechul also use before xD
cause some old indian man just walked passed me and leaned forward and said "sexy" bloody fuck im like mentally raped
So, Tzire can perform at the CGS and not EFSS and they brought ming bridges last year instead? We need some rap, man...
DPM Teo: Koh Poh Koon is a man with a comprehensive plan for #PunggolEast and he will get it done #byelection
even the funnyguy Kwangsoo in Running Man thinks Jonghyun is a joker (note: weak runner) guest star in RM.. Happy Boy makes everyone laugh~
I thought of skipping class tomorrow but I think I'll come to fix my hard drive & download some stuffs for my MacBook. Yeah man~
Longlast mi RT twitterusername Happy 5 months for both of us. Thank you for loving me & being a wise man for me twitterusername ?????
STAN NIGGA "twitterusername ??twitterusername Listening to 'Gotta Be Your Man' by CB. Raise your hand if this was your songgg! ???.??? ???? STAN DOE."
I dont see the need u hating on someone providing for their partners if your working extra hard and providing for ur man. Hey,im just saying
Man! Feel likd watching dream high 1 and 2 again. I love both milky couple and g minor couple. So cute!
I hate others who keep hurting people, fuck you man. Why can't you just leave them alone and let them be happy?
You merely adopted the dark. I was born it. Moulded by it. I did not see light until I was a man. By then it was blinding.
This kamama reminds me of the Michelin man! Flabs all over. She looks chubby! And then she is in figure hagging ensemble! Lord!
Who is the male newscaster on Channel News Asia now? He is ONE BEAUTIFUL MAN. I could watch him tell me the news the hole day ?
"Alah thats not important, as long as you think they are there in your heart then they are still there." -haziq being wise (old man)
What the heck, I'm a handsome young man. That's what my mama said and that's the truth. Ain't nobody tellin' me otherwise.
Yes Man Utd is not good enough! RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername I don't think manu is good enough for him leh
Chinese Man Makes Homemade Bionic Arms, Becomes Local Hero For Supplying To Others:  When Sun Jifa lost his arms in an accident, he c...
Conquering my EIC notes. 1 more chapter to go and I can call off it a day for me. IFS tmr, I will conquer you man!:)
My name is John coffee because of the green mile. John coffee was a misunderstood man who felt more than anyone else. he felt everyones pain
of twenty-year-old man has become the first person to die of dengue in singapore: 20-year-old Ang Yong Han has... twitterurl
Have u guys wonder hows does pac-man sound works? Try pressing on your palm into your ear several times.. Get that? HAHAHA.
Um....what shall it profit a man to slap Usain Bolt and run away? Nana Akua you've simply gone bonkers!!! Mdfsgdgd
seriously cannot wait man RT twitterusername Teaser video will be released today. Featuring guests will also revealed in the teaaer video.
there is a really pretty lady and a handsome young man that's married to each other and i cant stop looking at them. omg.
Hate that old man, annoying. So far i didnt talk to him for a few months now and im doing good.
What do you advise me to do if i have to stay awake t... ??? Watch a lot of comedies!!! Running Man helps (for me!... twitterurl
[CNA] Body found in Kallang river: Singapore Civil Defence Force said the body of a man in his sixt... twitterurl #singapore
There is a very annoying "French" man talking about pazzion on the racquet channel. Yes! I just used annoying and French in one sentence.
If there is one Russian public officer I don't envy, its Sergei Lavrov! An intelligent man forced to engage in empty rhetorics by his boss
Poor thing. I think this 2 transcom officers were on break when they have to attend to an old man. So much for their breaks.
Mr Lee has so far received nearly 60 honorary degrees and awards from all over the world and locally! Recently, from NUS! A Remarkable man!
"twitterusername My dad is the hardest working man ive ever seen. MashaAllah, may Allah SWT reward him with jannatul firdaus. Ameen."
"Just because you see a black man drivin' in a nice car, does not mean it's stolen. I stole that one. But not because I'm black!"
Mad: never underestimate the power of love Lecturer: wah so romantic ! What happened over the weekend *everybody looks at me* WTH man guys ~
Fuck man my mom made it sound like my grandma was coming but she's not. How could you mess with me like that
bring me along la pls ??twitterusername Even if I had shit loads of cash I won't spend it here in Singapore.I'd travel every weekend man.???
Keluar rumah tk tgk cermin eh. How can you wear those sequinned shorts w a fucking sport shoes & YOURE HOLDING HANDS W A MAN?!? What fuckery
Reading our class' taoeh's answer to the coward on ask.fm can make me laugh until cry man! I'm sure the coward get owned until siao already!
Chinese man sentenced to death for strangling a two-month-old baby after stealing a vehicle with the infant inside twitterurl
i've still not watch ah boys to men 1 and 2 , iron man 3 or whatever new movies that came out this yr
"twitterusername Shall ask Syaza to come my house during june hols and study all night man" Oh yes baybehhhhhhh you rock never diiiiiieeee
Men think it's a woman's dream to find the perfect man. But they're wrong.. Every woman's dream it's to eat anything without getting fat.
and now the feeling like i'm shocked and astounded? i mean, really? Why is she everywhere man.. Sg that small ah?
Now that I'm here.. What am I suppose to do for the next three hours? No air con! I'm perspiring man. Personal assistant. PUI!
[ST] Man arrested for breaking into 20 flats; most of the flats were unlocked: May 27, 2013 2:57 PM... twitterurl #singapore
Man arrested for breaking into 20 flats; most of the flats were unlocked: May 27, 2013 2:57 PMA 19-year-old ma... twitterurl
Okay bye twitterusername I have Running Man Marathon to attend to. We'll talk again about this bloody handshake soon sunrise kay. :* hahaha
Eh dok dok, you know you gotta wake up for Fajr! Eh dok wake up man, Allah is gonna whack your ass off if you ain't getting up.
??twitterusername ??twitterusername $2,000 for a bed? That mug better come w/ a man in it!??? Yea me lol??? or me lol
"twitterusername "I will rape you so hard,you wont even remember my rape face when i meet you." Wait...did i read correctly? LOL" Haha wtf man.
Hey I'm sorry for your loss man, he's moved on to a better place, must've been a wonderful friend to you twitterusername
okaay mornight too man RT twitterusername twitterusername haha good answer!but i should try to closed my eyes now,someone told me to do that :" ...
Goodness knows what wld happen if I saw one with own eyes, I might cry. Yeah yeah rich man son very sheltered from horrors of life whatever.
? RT twitterusername I really believe being a family man is the flyest shit in the world. You know that whole father/husband thing.
Watching ep 75 of Running Man! It's the ep that we watched during Chinese lesson yesterday! Laugh until cannot stop xD
What are your favorite cookies? ??? Not this kind of questions after my opp man. All I can eat now is porridge for... twitterurl
21-year-old ITE graduate first to die from dengue during this epidemic: May 30, 2013 6:29 PMA 21-year-old man ... twitterurl
[ST] Police nabbed four women and a man arrested at an illegal gambling den: May 29, 2013 6:59 PMFo... twitterurl #singapore
rt"twitterusername i dont fucking get it man haha why do u want fame so much and then go around flirting and changing boys. y so cheap"
D15 till seeing cutie twitterusername D 9 to see the man i love twitterusername in Hk D 39 to seeing him in SG and my polish dane twitterusername
I miss my bro so much man. It's been so long since we hung out on a weekday afternoon. When will tht day come. I wonder. twitterusername
Shout out to ally for sparking my thought of the word chronic which brought up a 8 man trend. Lol #Chronic
i love the smell of wood. color pencils, make up pencils, pencils, ice cream sticks. idk man i just love it so much
I remembered twitterusername and I hid behind this long curtain when the repair man came cause we didn't have our scarves on. #missingegypt
??twitterusername twitterusername have a great week ahead!!! :-)??? u 2 man, have a gr8 day & week ahead too! happy weds! have fun in wtv u r dg! ;-)
I can hear someone beating the eggs man whos gonna fry egg I want some but I feel like shit to even get up ???
So RAO was blocked again from using the VIP Lounge twitterurl Seriously, for how long will keep embarrassing this old man?
one man I am gonna serve in my whole entire life, my dad. One woman I gonna give it all which is my mom...
But serious l think i have a crush on her. Who's the ot... ??? shit got real again. Idk. the person was anonymous man twitterurl
Was telling my bro about cheryl's Chinese compo and he was like:  that sounds like a scene in saw . Im not the only one man.
"twitterusername You don't fucking mess around with the people I love. Like fuck man you mess with them you mess with me fucker."
No money during this june hols sucks. Its like you saw yr friend enjoy their time, and you'll be like, OHH MAN.
When you truly love Jesus, you realize that you don't really desire any man or woman anymore. Relationship becomes a bonus, not a need.
Which guy would you date in Sec 4E ??? No one man unless I really like him because I don't wanna be a pedo.... twitterurl
#11 heyy babe too much to type here man tsk, anw stop being so sad always, all the best for O???s!! ???
WOWWWW THANKS MAN"twitterusername twitterusername We see you are looking for a job we want to hire you To join our team now go to twitterusername
#3.142 BOY UHU SNIFFER! haha, you awesome you awesome. I see potential in you man. and you got a bro in me, apape picet ;D
#0 bloody bugger. always singing in class. if nice nevermind, this one sound like dying cat. HEHEHEHEHE I LOVE YA MAN
369- I really miss you man, I really do. I hope school's treating you well. You're one of the most genuine people I know, respect bro.<3
Nigeria have named a final 21-man squad for the 2013 FIFA U20 World Cup in Turkey, which kicks off on June 20
LOL! RT twitterusername If you are more than six years old and have bought a PSG, Monaco or Man City shirt...your not embarrassed?
"I was young and ambitious and I love women. you can't knock no man for loving women" ended up w 22 kids laaawd
I love romantic movie. Not just because the "man" inside the movie, it's about how they fight for their love and trust.
Kalau krang reti cari website movie online, after earth, now u see me, fast 6, iron man 3 and etc semua dah keluar
Hahaha if I never watch Now you see me before it's gone im gonna die man should go watch it myself or something.
Not being a keybiard warrior unlike you guys who dobt dare to mention her straight firward. Dude wheres your balls man ? Owned up.
Monster Inc University , Man of steel , Pain and gain , pasific rim , world war Z and the last Cinta dalam kardus .. can't wait for it :D
Across the earth past a million miles there a man im missing with an aching heart someone who never was mine but i can not loving twitterusername
bloody hell this man beside me fucking smelly i wouldnt want to go and change my seat cause later people think i'm racist cause he's indian
But what i know, is that i'm gonna watch Man Of Steel. Gonna fcking book it and watch on the 13th i swear.
"twitterusername twitterusername #letsgoheat go to bed sleepy head" Man u know im with miami since day 1. But i have a long day tomorrow...
"twitterusername twitterusername yes it's like...idk how to say. Too sad. But nvm he's becoming a man :') Yup! Pegi zoo eh nanti?" Yes!Jumpe kwn sal
Worker dies at Formula One Canadian Grand Prix after crane accident: Man was run over by a crane removing a da... twitterurl
My man has an interview at 10 a.m. I called him so many fucking time but he didn't answer! The fuck?
I listened to it just now morning and it was awesome :) "twitterusername when i was your man // BoyceAvenue feat. FifthHarmony cover"
Im just gonna be on my grown man  shit from now on and get my priorities out the way.....fucking with you aint one of em
wish someone can rock me to sleep LOL I need like Dwayne The Rock Johnson to be able to pick me up man
I love the past Running Man episodes where Jihyo ALWAYS chooses Gary as her couple during couple races. Monday Couple ftw!
"twitterusername Blowjobs are illegal in Malaysia and punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum." ???? Where do u get the info man ?
Show some respect to the artist (twitterusername who creates all the cute doodles of Running Man! And not saying those hurtful words..
Good deed of the day - told a young guy in the reserved seat to give it up to the old man who'd just boarded the train. Go me!
This is funny! Hahahaha RT twitterusername 9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt. The 10th man prefers the other 9 men.
Shanghai taxi drivers are scary. Crossing the road with green man and they just circle around you instead of stopping to wait.
Do you think Benfree and baby Jim make a handsome cou... ??? Am I Benfree? Lol. I don't know man but if him and I ... twitterurl
Srly if one day the world is rly ending see whether u all still so calm anot. Bahahaha thats when you all will cry man.
Then before i alight he was like 'ok all the best for your future!' Man, sg needs more taxi drivers like that pakcik!
The first few episodes of running man: there's lock down in every landmark and there's no running ball and Jong Kook is a lot more quiet :D
ED, pls come to Singapore tq. Me and ma friends wanna hang out with you after the concert twitterusername . Cheers man! :)
#897 what's up ma big man! Hope schools going fine for you. Once things get better we will get together soon MJ(;
??twitterusername twitterusername omg did dinie just said he wants to pray first waw??? im a changed man sabbie and yes i wna
[YH!SG-FB] Many of us in Singapore are breathing sighs of relief from the reprieve we're ex...: Man... twitterurl #singapore
What does it mean when a man looks at other women whe... ??? is it wrong though? you'd natrually just look at some... twitterurl
Lmfao man"twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername Niggas really tryna see me at 3:34 am tf chill"he wanna fuck??? he wanna get the pussy wet"
sleepy and 8 days and i can stare for 3 hour at one man ....without blinking^^ i love to watch his every graceful move
I am lucky to have twitterusername defending me against the drunk man. Have never seen him so angry before! What will I do without you :')
After spending the whole day at A&E, finally ate something. This is real good stuff man. Of course i?? twitterurl
In Rehearsal Smackin With My Big Homie twitterusername !! It's Good To Play Wit A Bass That Already Know What It Is Man #Professional #DCMG
"Do you still speak to Christian Novelli?" "No, Ella, I like to hang out with people that are good influences" shit went down, man.
Watching twitterusername taking his army pic at this army place full of army boys. Haha this boy is one step closer to being a man!
??twitterusername twitterusername I have to show you this man twitterurl holy cow I dont rmb writing that and wow you kept these!?
And i kno iont show my love all the time but i really try man. Not as much as she truly deserve tho.
VIRGINITY is the best wedding gift a wife could give to her man. Pero ngayon ginagawa nalang BIRTHDAY GIFT, minsan ADVANCE pa! haha #dignity
What do you think of James ??? The best ang moh i know. Hehe i only know one or two btw :p hehe miss you man! twitterurl
teardrops fall from his eyes at night, to much a man to be crying in pain sight, he can't understand why he can't break this sin
"twitterusername Watching new ep of running man. It already crakcs me up hahahaha !" Hahahah yeahhh this!!! Especially Gwang Soo nye muka!!
[YH!SG-FB] Don't steal from an #artist- an #art #teacher drew a #portrait of a man who swip...: Don... twitterurl #singapore
Do you use a curling iron to curl your hair? ??? Nopee who's got the time man. Just a cream to hold the curls twitterurl
I was thinkn bout bro heavy b4 i came to work.... 6mnths & i still say i cant believe he gone man
I Refuse To Settle Down a With A Man From Massachusetts .... I Need Something Different Than What I'm Used To Seeing
There is something about a man with chutzpah to wear long black wavy hair RT twitterusername Why is Tom HiddLeston so attractive. HEYYYYYYYYYYY
Bechdel Test: An A rating if two women characters talk about something other than a man? Half full or half empty twitterurl
Grew Up On twitterusername And JDILLA Man!! These Kats Mastered The Art Of Sampling. . .It's A Formula And Ppl Don't Know Dat! #DCMG
I wish they would stop tlkn bout this shit with the dolphins. He a grown ass man crying he's been bullied, pull ya skirt down B.!
Man what I would give to b in 7th grade again going to McKinley High school dances w/ my big Brothas duke & twitterusername
"twitterusername Girls be like "i know its not sleeping with kellin..... But i would love to sleep with him""hell yeah man
HK tycoon Li Ka-shing eyes Nordic electricity unit: Li Ka-shing, Asia's richest man, is looking to buy Fortum ... twitterurl
If only someone will get for me those Jordans for my birthday, I will be the happiest man on the earth planet neptune mars space sun lah sia
Advice yani? Shiya inja! RT twitterusername If your man keeps cheating on you with the same woman, humble yourself and go ask her for advice.
Type smithy boy and crew in on youtube an get back to me when uve watched it hahaha. "Safeee wayneee, wha gwarn wee man" LOOL oh my dayz
Shall sleep now and wake up for Man U's match later on. God, am wondering if I can even wake up. Haisss
[TheVerge] Raymond Loewy: the man who designed everything: What does it mean to be a celebrated designer? Is it being on the cover of...
Somehow divergance is good for diverger. Hengko tahu. An english cannadian man was arroused for being fluent in speaking english n frenchLoL
Oh now you use a handkerchief. Seriously? Look at me, remember my face. I'm a dying man, find me in the obituary section.
she won't cover up man. she's been heading out with h... ??? Who are you? I want to give you my thanks and appreci... twitterurl
and girls have to do all the goddamn chores at five years old. (Not really 5 but you get it.) FUCK THIS SHIT MAN
To be exact, I can only take #Venlafaxine 11 days later. I can't wait to take #Venlafaxine man. Msging frm #Nokia #Lumia625 #Smartphone.
I can actually feel that my ponytail is ALOT thinner than last time :/ every morning's hair combing is freaking saddening man
Ordered Running Man S4 cases (Y) I think the next time anyone sees me using one they will know I'm a Yoo Jaesuk fan.
What does it mean when a man looks at other women whe... ??? It means he's thinking if the girlfriend is better th... twitterurl
I am no longer the same man that I was 6 months ago. I've changed. For better or for worse. I am happy to be.
Lemme tell y'all how this white girl sitting next to me said "my nigga!" to her white friend. WHITE PEOPLE SO BOLD, MAN.
My billion dollar idea isn't even here yet and even if it was I'm not sharing my idea for some module man
Arsene Wenger is keeping a close eye on Eden Dzeko. The Man City striker admitted last week that he is unhappy with his role at the club
i know i said no spoilers but man it was fecking weird that gale and katniss kissed a lot. just. what. no.
So there was this man that took up 2 seats just to meditate. Not saying its wrong, but its peak hour..
"twitterusername "twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much he cares, even if he already has her.""
A 46-year-old man has been having sex with his daughter the past three years in their home in Kajang whenever his wife is not around.
Vanness Wu just got married? Oh man, I hope none of his F4 songs were played. It would be embarrassing to lose the bride on the first day
I hate when girls be on social networks talking shit about the ol man and his ppl one day and then hollering they love them the next.
Nothing new. Locals think they are privileged. RT twitterusername *Old man enters train*, students continue to sit, bangla gives up his seat.
Any kind soul help me buy Coffee Bean then pass it thru my bedroom window.. Haihh .. I'll love you forever man!
??twitterusername I wanna go to fucking thirst but fuck im only 15 shit man nak pergi lah siaaaaaa??? buat fake ic lol
i want to start a fan account. but to think i'll have to rebuild everything including tweets and followers omg man.
Its the first snow in Seoul & Heechul oppa says he's a real man.... And he's wearing a tshirt and a pair of shorts. ?????????
Mother,sis n me was shock when old man mixed the fried potato in the chili.the only thing we can do is laugh,lol
A "boring" man does not go down on one knee. Because he knows romance is about living your whole life on your knees.
I'm a madrid fan though but the things he have done so far as man utd manager is way too obvious to be left unseen.
This movie is out to make me love it or something. What is with that poster of the song quite stuck in my head thanks man
You gotta wait a long time till I would able to find another man. as much as you ppl are looking forward, calm down. not soon or never
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl G-Dragon-Pursuing The Gossip boy(Lee ssang-pursuing the happiness+GD-gossip man,a
[News] Man jailed for molesting nine-year-old boy: A cleaner who molested his nine-year-old neighbour was on W... twitterurl
Welcome to new Nairobi version of "feminism" QT twitterusername Confession - I don't understand not cooking for your man as a bragging point.
[TheVerge] Demolition Man: why does Fab's CEO keep building big companies that suddenly implode?: If you ask employees when they star...
Man United striker Wayne Rooney has admitted he was at fault when he kicked out at Jordon Mutch during Sunday's 2-2 draw against Cardiff.
So there's this man under depression and he cuts off his D. Imagine if girls cut off their b........when under depression. Okay thats INSANE
Yah. This old man. How can he still smiling and endure the pain on his neck everyday during rcording. Ugh. twitterusername
y-in jha ??twitterusername IU falls in love at first sight with Jang Geun Suk in still cuts for 'Pretty Man' twitterurl
[CNA] Man jailed 10 months for molesting 12-year-old girl on bus: A cleaner was on Wednesday jailed... twitterurl #singapore
EXO spotted filming Running Man today! And Chanyeol was filming Law Of The Jungle! Awwww... baby giant is missing out on the fun stuff!
Shall watch man utd's game later on. Fuck being sleepy at work. I'll just bury myself in the sand pit and just sleep :')
Walked past a half naked man standing under a tree gg 'HOK HOK HOk' and shoving 'sth' towards it. I swear pasir ris is freaky at this time
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO! Have a blast and see you around man! Meet up soon! Miss you! Ckp je nak pcit tk pcit2! twitterusername twitterurl
Ugh been puking out my food yucks! Can my body just fucking digest it instead of rejecting it .. Fo'Fuck sake man
want to see bastille collab with vampire weekend. chvrches with magic man, daughter with lorde, the kooks and pheonix. two door and bombay
Hey, man . Have a safe trip tomorrow okay ? Just like what faiz says "selamat pegy dan selamat pulang" Have fun :* twitterusername
"twitterusername When you???re sad, just look how happy this man is with his onion. twitterurl twitterusername see this. No need meds alr
What does it mean when a man looks at other women whe... ??? Maybe he's just boring or tired _-_ i think so, becau... twitterurl
Hawaii is some ass-backward place man. They got a four lane highway but only one fuckin lane is open this is why I moved away
no you don't have to like my picture, screenshot it and bitch about me with all your friends. that makes you less of a man.
it's raining and i'm so damn sleepy.. but i won't be able to get my soul back if i sleep.. okay. Running Man time! =]
I'm so sad. I can't believe this shit. the night I'm bout to turn up. I just have to be . . fuck each month man.
"The man who designed the iPod, the iPhone, the MacBook Air, &  just about everything else that's made Apple the temple of holy minimalism"
Ballsiest move ever by a man twitterusername - donuts on a Formula 1 car atop a helipad on the Burj Al Arab #F1 \
ZE:A Step by Step MV kinda reminds me of Infinite's Man In Love MV.. sweet guys doing all the nice/cute stuff for the girl they like.. (c)
"when a girl is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away"
Worst time for my iphone to crash on me man. Stupid iPhone, revive will ya?! I have another whole week here in tekong!
Just don't do suicide. You'll get more trouble for running away. Man up and face it. For every problems will there lies solution
I am not a smart man; you seein' me in the 3A class? You seein' me talking to 3A students excluding Amit? No. Case in point.
Dad asked me to quit work and concentrate fully on my Masters! Old man is not used to seeing his daughter working and studying like mad!!
ugh that was the most tired and longest journey I've had man.. like all I do all day was transiting couple times and boring myself to death
[TheVerge] Watch Reggie Watts build an amazing one-man band with new beatboxing app, Keezy: Today the mad geniuses from??Elepath, the ...
[Y!FB] A 35-year-old man named James Raj has been charged for hacking the Ang Mo Kio to...: A 35-ye... twitterurl #singapore
Koffee with #Kejriwal is turning into a bitter cuppa for the mainstream politics. He has the conviction of a man who has a sense of destiny
damn it, I never really ever feel the true meaning of... ??? :( oh man. I'm not very good at helping people at the... twitterurl
Lmbooooo Man "twitterusername If one more person texts me 11-12-13 Ima fuck someone up. And only person by me is my Grandma.???
I hit the 100th episode of Running Man, and still Gwang Soo is not giving the sign to stop being funny.
Like seriously????? U think people wont realise it??? Are u dumb or just seeking useless attention omg get a life man
Exactly wtf??twitterusername I don't fuckin no man. Thought we lived in the desert Nshit RT twitterusername WHY WONT IT STOP RAINING???
[TheVerge] Feds say accused Silk Road kingpin ordered six murders to protect his internet drug empire: Ross Ulbricht, the man accused...
I don't know what's the appeal of virgins. So ma fan must teach how to douche. Give me a cocksmoking, fisting pig sex slut ANYTIME MAN!
How many maids do you have to clean your massive house? ??? 2 myanmar maids, 1 china man driver/cleaner. My house ... twitterurl
my dad is getting mad bcs his children keep on playing with phone rather than sitting outside&watching tv ha ha SCH HOLIDAY MAN
"twitterusername Women have a biologic ability to tell whether a man is lying or being honest based on the way he stands."
So I'll email the portfolio containing my graphic designs to my prospective employer! After all, I've a flair in designing graphics man!
Oh noooooo I was acting crazy and then the camera man at ???????? decided to film me T_T I gave him the shocked look and he smirk. SERIOUSLY
this making me scared. continues diarrhoea and he found out he had stomach cancer. f man. I needa see a doc.
"twitterusername ??twitterusername Sometimes I think I stupid until nobody can tahan me HAHA??? this is so true man." Shuddup bb go find faster ???
Don't feel hungry in the daylight but when it comes to night time I can literally eat a bloody cow. Oh man the timing is just wrong
Lmao RT twitterusername Any man that turns the pussy down cuz her vagina got some hair on it is a damn pedophile, and there's no debate.
so exo-k gonna filming running man on 1st dec... n at the same day, exo will have a fan sign session for nature republic at 1pm.. T_T
??twitterusername "twitterusername no originality" maybe bc yolo hahahaha??? she better nt take my sweg man hahaha she took my yolo alrdy sia
Can you pls eat my drunk friend too? He/she is annoying. RT twitterusername Python eats drunk man in India twitterurl
hahaha RT twitterusername Tomorrow got no test one. Feel free so free. But still, got lab report to be done. What a broken english man.
??twitterusername twitterusername yeah cos its my fault also . So be a gentle man n say sorry right? Haha??? proven ure not bad :)
#BANGKOK PROTESTS The person shot dead was 21-year-old man who got 2 bullets to his left side. 3 others injured. twitterurl
Driving back at night & saw people dashing across the highway. Driver almost hit the man & killed him; Stepped on his brakes right before
As always, great story from The Man Zaihan on what's really happening in match-fixing front in twitterusername . Must read. #MatchFixing
[ST] Praise for medic who helped man in accident: October 10, 2013 6:29 AMWhen Private Ong Liang Ku... twitterurl #singapore
[News] Man charged with robbery, used toy gun: A Kazakhstan national who allegedly used a toy gun to commit ro... twitterurl
whoa babe its just an overenthusiastic anon! take a c... ??? Wtf man. Who the hell go ard asking for a pic of the ... twitterurl
how I feel when niggas be sayin females at shit.That's b/c you settling for a girl that ain't pushin you to be a man twitterurl
Sista girl, I know you don't understand, but you gone have to understand, he's my man now. What you had is gone.
I met Hilal, Man, Halim, Bakar & just now, Arif Uniten. Gonna propose a new tagline for twitterusername RapidKL, reunite people ;) TQVM.
Ohh man this part is when JK Rowling actually saw her late mother in the mirror. The night after the book was launched
You see ah, I lie to one side, my belly flops onto the mattress. I'm like a mini Michelin man now. Soon I'll be Fat Bastard.
Lol no the fuck you can't "twitterusername Say what you want about me, but bitch I can take your man. twitterurl
62kg is fat? LMAO. For guys, I think 62 is skinny to me. They need to be like 70kg over man. Seriously.
Aduh byk bgt tapi when i was your man deh yg paling cetar "twitterusername Happy Birthday twitterusername ! What's your Favorite Bruno's single?
Ha? Not bad "twitterusername Oh man, I just love the way twitterusername looks at big bad beautiful twitterusername It's adorable! #RAW
good that you're a lesbian because i hope no fucking man will reproduce with an assuming childish cunt like you nigga, 18 but act 12 stupid
all this posers who thinks they know so well about running man when they actually dont makes me wanna slap their face oops
Running man cast arrive in Singapore and is greeted by a police escort, when SCANDAL were here there were just 2 Cisco guys. Speaks volumes.
[Y!FB] Awww.....After 80 years of being together, a 108-year-old man and a 99-year-old...: Awww....... twitterurl #singapore
Running man meet and greet.. Totally prep-ed huh.. Overnight q-ing is strictly not allowed!? Bullshit.. The fans are here
Massive flu, drugged myself and hit  LT25. Survived the ecology lecture. Faculty should have a utility man who can take over any lecture!
"twitterusername twitterusername recently there's one man trying to save his wife but he died. Masya Allah" now thats a hero omg
LOL WTF I AM RAGING why must all the kpop events happen when it's my o level period example snsd concert running man fan meet kmw and etc
Real meaning of reserved seats: October 15, 2013 12:05 AMRECENTLY, I saw a young man in army uniform boarding ... twitterurl
"twitterusername When a man does the same stupid thing twice, then that is because he wants to impress a girl. -The Lorax (2012)"
Fuck no because I do everything ??twitterusername Ladies, yall givin your man permission to find a girl to do the things you won't do????
Anyone else excited to see Apink this Friday? We are! Here's some Eunji-Naeun moments with Kang Gary on Running Man! twitterurl
Crazy dream I had! Haha dreamt that Hedir was working as a GC and we were both working in a Man U store. Niceeeee!
Really just fk u man cant u just mind ur own business im fking 17 i know when to come for sch
[ST] Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man: October 05, 2013 10:21 AMF... twitterurl #singapore
Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man: October 05, 2013 10:21 AMFormer law profes... twitterurl
A single man is wild and free, he'll stop doing those shitty things when the right lady is by his side.
I wish upon a star....I really would wish to be in love with a normal man the way I am totally smitten about twitterusername
PART 3 MAN JOSH! COMEON! ??? OK here goes. I wanted to take a year off after army, to work on my album. Things wer... twitterurl
Imagine all the Running Man members chasing you in school just to get a picture with you...would you run away? I wont.
Wife is a slut RT twitterusername Man jailed two months for attacking wife's lover with choppers after discovering them in bed together
Yeah yeah there. You were with a group of friends right? Sorry, was a bit scared. ??? come on man :'( DM me please twitterurl
Loyalty is difficult to find in today's world. If u got a mix of that n quality, it would be a dream. Doubt United have the right man.
I'm your future husband ;) I've time travel back in time and see what you're doi... ??? whao amazing, 5 kids man LOL. twitterurl
Altiar or Ezio? The Joker or Iron Man? PASTA OR PIZZA... ??? what's altiar or ezio?  Is Altiar a constellation or ... twitterurl
You are really a charming French man, but what you seek is far from mine. So please, never deliberate in placing me in that filthy list.
What is the quality you most like in a man? ??? Whut...no homo but I think I'm going with maturity. twitterurl
Have to man up(in a woman's way) and stop feeling sorry for myself. It's not the end of the world!!!
9 // hi Torres fan! Hahaha hope youre doing fine man & i didnt know you were sec 4! All the best in life god bless x
#77777 hey ET haha I miss u man! You're freaking outgoing and loud and I still rmb each and every moment we cherish tgthr in wsps cya soon!!
Dear Gay God, I hope I will age gracefully and not cling on to my youth. Old man pretend to be young very turn off.\
I am more attracted to a man who tells me his age upfront and is not shy about it. I find that confident self acceptance very very sexy.
[ST] Jail, caning for 6 men who beat unemployed man to death: October 14, 2013 11:55 AMSix men were... twitterurl #singapore
John Kerry you foolish foolish man. Hahaha. I live in this region. Of course I know. The Malaysian government is LYING to you.
Ma man twitterusername will be in twitterusername 's Sudut Pandang at 9pm tonight with twitterusername n Dato Raof. Hosted by twitterusername :)
All of the idols that came into running man, will be wearing short pants.While mong ji, you barely could see her showing off her pretty legs
Park across from his car looking in trying to catch a glimpse of the man who has stolen my heart ...I wanna be close enough to scream
HHN3 day 1 last night was awesome stuff man. Priceless reactions. If you are coming down for HHN3, make sure drop by ADRIFT House ya. :D
I know u are. You are the heroine. I saw ur tweets be... ??? made my day man. yeah I'll be fine ;) thanks tho. :')... twitterurl
Running man fan meet 19 OCT 11am at jurong point. Hide yo kids hide to wife sia. Jurong sure 1million people.
"Put your pain in a box.Lock is down... Because no one is stronger or more dangerous than a man who can harness his emotions,his past."AOV
Wtf man. Baba told me he know abt my case. And who the fuck tell him? Amk hq themselves. How the fuck?
Pls help & take a look out for this man last seen in white tee & grey pants. If you see him pls call hafiz 90669817 twitterurl
Nah. Sian. have to plan date, dress up, behave well. RT GoodMenProject: Ladies, It's Time You Asked a Man on a Date. twitterurl
Just finished watching the latest episode of running man. Oh yes it's getting competitive and interesting just like the older episodes
??twitterusername twitterusername oh man..come on..ohh..qayum can help me" yeah qayum is iPhone user haha go ask for help now
When a man can keep it funky with his boy & tell him he's in the wrong rather than just agreeing cuz that's his boy >>>>>
still crying because twitterusername named her teddiursa "chaichai"...only to give it away to the old man who wanted a companion.
OMG the old man is having an affair. After saying goodbye to his lover, he deleted that conversation. Only that convo.
Close enough haha"twitterusername Adult man spends near 100 grand on plastic surgeries to look like his idol, Justin Bieber twitterurl
[ST] Man sues siblings over 'forged' will to $100m estate: October 21, 2013 7:48 AMA family feud ov... twitterurl #singapore
"Lay: I wish to go on We Got Married. We got Married or Running Man. China???s every variety show, as long as (cont) twitterurl
Gado dgn apek bus 966 pat marine parade.it states there,0026 last bus.0020,bus came,the china man told me to get off bcoz hes late ready.
if youre not interested in running man, then u should probably keep the comments to urself and stop making fun of them.
Gary is so glad that Monday couple is here in SG!! & maybe when the next time they'll be back is when they're filming Running Man!!
The next thing you know Chan Chun Sing will say, ??gay and lesbian people will ruin the institution of marriage???. Be careful of this man.
I just wanna go home damn. Im aggravated af just wanna b n my own shit.. nun go my way ever man...
Anyone remembers  Man U team ya Schmiechel, Neville Bros, Irwin, May, Johnsen, Stam, Beckham, Cole, Yorke na wengineo? That was the best
Free loading cos I just went for a full month that I don't even know them haha oh gosh the food was good man
Man found dead at the foot of Boon Lay block as fire raged in his unit twitterurl via twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
I haven started studying for geog and I went to watch movie, haha! Good job man. Good luck to me tmr.
It's a bloody sign man! :p Mr Hankey~ I'm coming for you, you lil piece of shit! twitterusername twitterusername #mustget #dblue #southpark
man i don't know what's going on but this office is like the arctic, it's amazing and by amazing I mean I'm gonna have to bring parka
[Y!FB] Would bystanders step in when a man abuses his girlfriend in the middle of Orcha...: Would b... twitterurl #singapore
*kick old man twitterusername how do twitterusername and I find ya and the twitterusername monkeys on kakotalk wait do u even have a international account? ??
Prev rt wtf i dont think a pregnant lady, an old man/lady or an injured person is gg to sit there anyway
Cannabis can cause man boobs, US surgeon claims: Many men may be worried about getting a 'pot belly' from too ... twitterurl
for a challenge could you hold a 13 stone (85 kg , 185 lbs ) man on your back and how lon... ??? huh????????? hahahah twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername yea both team attacked at the same time. Hais . Well done Liverpool ^^??? this is so rare coming frm a man utd fan ??????
elena tonra is too much man. how can one have such a perfect voice and look so perfect at the same time
This has been a long year for me man...family deaths, bad break up, heart break, my schools hiccups, just bad
Obama emang puitik RT twitterusername Pres. Obama on #Mandela: ??It took a man like Madiba to free not just the prisoner, but the jailer as well.???
Got myself a TV for my room, and got to spend an entire day with my man. Pretty darn good day, I must say.
No offence to those humble Man U supporters but yang arrogant nak mampus disrespect others.. Where are you hahaha kk lek jangan fanatic
Happy birthday to the man who inspires me, who teaches me how to be happy for everything I have. I love you twitterusername
??twitterusername I'm going to hit the gym so hard during the hols. Train, train, train. Gonna end this year strong!??? Same here man
Thank goodness no one else died in the riot other than the man who was knocked down by the private bus. Hope it stops there.
Having served on the ground for awhile during NS, the repercussions of one drunk man and his group of friends - is both drastic & expected.
Lol my friend actually said its bcos an Indian man was knocked down by a China driver, and that's why the riot was started. How true?
"Focusing on Mr Kumaravelu???s drinking reveals a lack of concern for a man who met a tragic end, reducing him to... twitterurl
FAV! "twitterusername I wish to be a man who can say & think ??enough??? when I???ve found the best one, not a perfect one in my relationship."
"twitterusername Ladies remember, If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn???t want you, nothing can make him stay."
not even jealous -__- maybe to me just a gorgeous man performances enchant me cos yeh im just whatever if that was kyu.hell will break loose
HAHAHAHA Justin Collier from Man Overboard asked me if i was going into the gig venue and if i needed him to bring me in hahahaaa aw
Amiz is my new mentor man. "that girl had her eyes locked on you and blahblahblah you should have went hey I find you interesting"
I'm a man and I got layed out by a woman in a fight, how the hell is that possible! ca... ??? She was better than you twitterurl
"twitterusername So many things would be good right now...laksa Johor, Chilli Crab with Man Tou...char kuay teow..." cc twitterusername
That guy sitting in the reserved seat be like "no i'm not letting go of my seat even if there's an armed with samurai man inside this train"
[ST] Man jailed for underage sex; victim now wife: December 12, 2013 7:49 AMIn what is believed to ... twitterurl #singapore
Think, Singapore! > Little India Riot Man in plaid shirt saved my life, says bus helper: He pushed her up the ... twitterurl
I know you are not allowed to hurt your children in the US but man Allison is really asking for a slapping.
This holiday seems like the worst one, no job no plans, no event just rot only. Where is the class chalet man cb
Pathetic man. I checked my send emails, multiple emails to many employers but only garner a few responses. It's pathetic. Job ad is better.
.twitterusername the Hermit King killed the man behind the throne....and that is how you roll like a biggie, to consolidate power twitterusername twitterusername
The cons of having your room near (super) to cafe. If there any fire (in our case it's a false alarm) It was super embarrassing man!
Modi must be really mad with Devyani, poor man lost a chance to pose with with the visiting US delegation. Lost PR !
Man United have been dealt a double blow after PSG striker Edinson Cavani and Milan defender Zapata both ruled out moves to Old Trafford.
cleaning as in forget or?? hahah.. idk man bro. i cle... ??? settle the problems lah bro! HAHA. If cannot be settl... twitterurl
I lowkey be wantin one of these dummies to try me. Tool on me at all times like a handy man.
Modi is very lucky man, he not only survived the 2002 tragedy but also gets to stake a claim to become PM of India?
Some 50 year old man sat next to me at the bus stop. Introduced himself. Then asked for my phone number. #wtf
Arun Shourie is a weak man, he is mad at everyone, including Gods, for denying him a utopia. He needs a psychologist not twitterusername
Oh man the time travelling hint again?? Who the hell is that.. She has eren's eyes... Future daughter? What the fuck?
Man City manager Manuel Pellegrini is set to recall several first-team players in a bid to notch up a strong win over struggling West Ham.
I dont agree at all. It should be 50/50 RT twitterusername "It's a woman's duty to cater to her man." get that shit off my timeline.
It shows that no matter how strong a man is, he still need a woman for comfort and for more strength
Cb luh to the people who injured people intentionally while playing football !! Fuck you man !! Be it friendly , recreational or competitive
Worked out everyday by massaging people at work for a month plus and now my arms got muscle hen man and eew ba
When I was a child, a guy named Pete played banjo in our living room. A great man has left us all. R.I.P. twitterurl
A 71 yr old ex cop kills a man & wounds his wife after he became annoyed w/them texting inside a movie theater twitterurl
Man jailed seven years for Toa Payoh wet market stabbing 13 years ago: January 27, 2014 12:13 PMHe was on the ... twitterurl
[ST] Man jailed seven years for Toa Payoh wet market stabbing 13 years ago: January 27, 2014 12:13 ... twitterurl #singapore
Now that I???m well, CHUBBIER, she keeps asking why I am so fat. Hello, HIV meds? Those things turn me into the Michelin Man okay.
my leg hurts so bad a big f u to you man dont want believe me urgh why would i want to lie omfg
Dear twitterusername if you aren't coward then don't use police to harass twitterusername who is equal in status to you but is better man
"twitterusername The strongest man in the world is the one who can lift up his blanket at the time of Fajr."
If someone invites you, they are either a tranny, sleeping with your mom sister brother dad man woman or best friend....
Wow nice one man! hahaha shitty em i wanna put also "velocity" cikgu physic version then some suara syeera bila dia ajuk cikgu kimia tadi
Ain't shit a weak man can do for me. I was raised not to be dependent. I'm strong physically and?? twitterurl
So yeah. Things usually go the way I want it to. And all I've been telling myself my whole life was "only a real man can handle me"
Take charge of you health, take charge of your life. If you no longer have your health, your looks and gay man???s hot bod down the drain!
I think next week running man will be split into 3 episode? so much stuff and excitement! 2 episode is definitely not enough!
??twitterusername man city must lose or atleast a draw in order for chelsea to get a secure lead.??? Confident.... Dorang tgh main carling cup oi
Crap man!! Cant fell asleep! Oh well think i rested enough! Whole day did nothing but sleep haha sua dont sleep liao!
Chelsea won and Arsenal lost. Man City ketinggalan 6 poin tapi masih ada 2 game untuk dimainkan. Now a two-horse race? Hmmm.. maybe not yet.
"twitterusername Jose: 'I think Magath is the man for Fulham, he has experience and he has no fear. He has a lot to give to the players.' #CFC"
[CNA] Man pleads guilty to molesting 11-year-old daughter: A 47-year-old father of two has pleaded ... twitterurl #singapore
Man pleads guilty to molesting 11-year-old daughter: A 47-year-old father of two has pleaded guilty to molesti... twitterurl
that red bag christ church guy i meet every single day in 161 totally look like seo in guk man dammnnnnn
??twitterusername ??The biggest coward is a man who awakens a woman???s love with no intention of loving her ." twitterurl thisfucker
I hope so man, but anyway thanks a lot bro! RT twitterusername Happy birthday twitterusername Don't worry, Army finish damn fast one.
This year, why not try something different? Make this Valentine???s Day anything but typical for your man! Find out... twitterurl
Man City are expanding their profile in Australia; a consortium led by City has acquired a majority stake in football team Melbourne Heart
Just got home from Scdf Hq and a pedestrian got hit by a car. Old man has blood on his face. Damn.
"twitterusername do you ever start eating something and think ??man i don???t even want this??? but then you just keep eating it"
So disgusted at the office man who's reading and digging his nose at the same time thinking that no one is looking omg
Taken few hours ago, my man has turned a year older. May God shower you with more blessings as well as?? twitterurl
Just saw a blind man at the gym on the elliptical exercising; he's holding the bars & doing in. What exercise is there for anyone else?
my sch overdue fees, extra cash being credited in my account and not to forget tht mysterious man who sent canned foods.
Every time me and twitterusername hang out we get into it with some Middle Aged white man apparently from trailer parks
Next week I'm only getting to see the man for only a day. :( naw sucks. But it's alright. Sacrifices has to be made once in awhile.
Sighh I still love kyu how to forget the man who was my world....I might pretend to ignore...but I can not ...twitterusername i think only
So much on chest till i forgot about my abs. Yeah man, got my triceps cutting a little bit. need to spend loads of time in the gym.
Starhub Dinner&Dance is so freaking awesome man, we had AhBoysToMen the 1970's guailan sergent as our MC of the night!
My man may not be the type yg send long romantic text message at 4am or surprise me w/gifts,he did more than that.He ??? me unconditionally.
David Moyes accepts Man Utd could hardly face a tougher task in the last eight of the Champions League than Bayern.
Sardar Khushwant Singh wrote about 85 books and also took Bombay by storm with Illustrated Weekly. No Malice Man. #AkalChalana #Journalism
He sure knows how to get real cosy on train: Man wraps himself in sleeping bag and goes to sleep twitterurl
seriously man, for me, regardless how noob you are online, if you're my real life friend i'll never use a personal insult on you.
Man charged over series of taxi robberies: Ng Kian Yong, 42, was charged in court on Sunday with armed robbery... twitterurl
This old man of mine give me a hard day. Tsk. But luckily this time he stare at my pjone and I manage?? twitterurl
[TheVerge] The final trailer for 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' is all action: Sony has been doling out clips and stills from Marc Webb's...
There's two types of people in the world. The man who tried to outrun me on the treadmill. Then there's me. The winner.
"twitterusername A Singapore man who stole 70 pairs of old shoes spent 6 months in jail because he was addicted to sniffing smelly shoes." ??
And so just now the man attempted to teach me how to play pool. ( I suck super bad at it haha ) and I kene marah please.
There's a reason to everything I say. There's a reason why I said you're special. And there's many reasons to why you're the man I chose.
come on man, please remove the bugs and update your website or whatsoever. the new website is freakin slow and it sickens me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Told the man bout this is the longest I've been single and he said me too. Hahaha. Nak je kau sibuk.
I look like some mad man now. Don't try to get on my nerves I'll shit on your face cause I've not shit this morning.
??twitterusername Wayne Rooney has urged Man United supporters not to desert the club or David Moyes in their hour of need.??? LOL MOYES
Oh man, one thing literature teaches you is that you can predict the answers to questions that haven't been answered yet.
If you got the guts to say behind my back, then where's your guts as a man to come and say to me straight.
10 year old me (right) as an injured old man with a fake moustache that made me look like Hitler. twitterurl
Modi failed all his life till RSS employed him, can't give India to a failed man. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
I foresee that I'll have a horrible death in the lecture tomorrow. 0830 and I've to wake up at 6, no way man no way.
Dear twitterusername hope you learnt good lesson in interviewing skills from Salman Khan, of course you are a good man twitterusername twitterusername
Gosh I swear Man From The Star is seriously killing me T_____T My heart cannot take this T____T How the hell can I wait until tmr????
Well so far Tinder is showing me a 30 year old man kissing his dog so I guess that's a start..
[ST] Woman jailed 12 months for abetting god-daughter, 15, to have paid sex with man: March 26, 201... twitterurl #singapore
When I Was Your Man by twitterusername is #nowplaying on twitterusername And tonight, live at the Singapore Indoor Stadium. Can't hardly wait! :)
So, don't ever fall in love with a good looking man and Mr. Show-myself-off because he is irresponsible. He isn't worth to be your future.
#SignsOfUnclehood - when you suaku see a man eating an uncooked whole fish, you take a photo to show the ah boys and ah girls back home.
Today, a court in egypt sentenced 528 man to death after only one court session. They were all found guilty of killing the same policeman.
Hey man soccer isn't something I excel in. Get on a bike. Go on the streets of Keppel rd. Kita tengok siapa balik lipat baju ngan mak. Puki.
Babo DJ coughing away pretending to be an old man lol twitterusername kevin dont make me laugh when u trying to give inspirational prep talk
Fucking thought kate argent died but she didnt!!! Now she is like a werepanther or smth?!?!? Smh,fuck man this drama just getting better!!!!
HTC One (M8) Ad Starring Gary Oldman Lets Phone Speak For Itself:   Last year HTC hired Iron Man himself to promote the company in a ...
Some people just like giving false hopes. Like hey c'mon! there are other things you could do, like clean your fucking room man!
Andrea is such a cb. Hahaha how she fucking threw the sweater at me at the end. That bitch,I wanna pin her down man. Hahaha
??twitterusername If you have a girl don't have her seeking for attention from another man because your Sometimey-ness.. You'll lose her.???
Hey do you know that I'm so effing jealous with you bc you're tanned skin? I am so fair man tsk hahahaha twitterusername
Police looking at CCTV footage of man found at MRT station: Police are looking at CCTV footage of the MRT stat... twitterurl
I wanna watch! I wanna watch!! man the action is awesome and it not layed on thick I get it sorta already twitterusername family gathering huhuhu
I love you the way a drowning man loves air. And it would destroy me to have you just a little.
Have one man I love ...I have no room for another ....even if I can never have Kyu as a boyfriend ....I don't want anyone else
??twitterusername "twitterusername "Just love the world that won't love you back"" old man take a look at my life, I'm nothing like you now???
So this is class.. hahaha my classmates are such two sided man. Oh god.. why I got into this class.. so regretting..
A man who holds a religious book, dress religiously and preach around are NOT always right, research & understand, do not follow blindly.
Then my Mum will come in with her conventional wisdom: "To be a Char Kway Teow man no need some knowledge in business and finance huh?" :P
OH man my whole family changing to NOTe 3 samsung and I'm still with note 2 -.-! time for me to go shopping
man it's very difficult to not blush a thousand shades of red when someone says "i want to sketch you" really earnestly
How come people are still so childish man,that one is I say one that one is actually mine that one is I taught one simi lanjiao
That moment when you don't effing care about debarment letters lol those times i miss that shit man hahahahaha on full retard
??twitterusername Sick ??twitterusername I need me a married man or one in a relationship so I can use him and send him back to his wife/gf??????
can i take biology exam for heredity chapter only,don't even start with plants, just as i tot humans r complicated, plants r twice man
I really love Running Man. Nice to watch all the 188 episodes already. Like it's nice to watch them grow. Such perfect friendship.
' Not a man la you. Still being the normal nvr changing guy. Bo chui comments? Well let's see how you last over there. '
thornsandwillows: If you take a young man and woman and they both tell a stranger that they work in the... twitterurl
Spitting case: Accused says he was provoked: March 19, 2014 8:40 AMThe man accused of spitting at two women at... twitterurl
Li's Watson to raise up to US$6b in June IPO: Wall Street Journal: Asia's richest man Li Ka-shing is planning ... twitterurl
[Y!FB] We're launching the trailer of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on Yahoo Singapore in ju...: We're l... twitterurl #singapore
I'm an Arsenal fan but i honestly think that Man U fans are the most plastic hahahaha no offence lek lek jangan potong aku hahaha
If Gerrard had scored out of that resulting penalty fm Vidic's foul, I would have suggested a switch of power from Man U to Liverpool.
I swear vanessa's legs are to die for man theyre so toned ugh why am i such a lazy bitch hahahahaha
Tell XXL they've got one more chance. But man, I lay low. If I ain't on ya list, then that bitch don't exist- Manti Teo.
If only I could spawn in a rag doll of you Gmod style... Oh the things I would do to your body. Ohh man.
A man who decides to serve God and he decided to take up drums and I hope I can prepare him enough to?? twitterurl
Poor Valerie Trierweiler has sadly proved the truth of Jimmy Goldsmith's saying that a man who marries his mistress creates a vacancy.
Tbh abt my day 2 in sch today, i felt like it was more of camping, rather than schooling. Hahahahahah why man
I also had douche bag aunts who insists I will marry an old man if I sing while doing chores!!!! No it just makes me super fab!!!!!!
Man??twitterusername Lowering your standards not gonna make you happier. All you gonna think about is what that person don???t have.???
Go school = tired/lethargic + confirm fucking late so will get D and won't get to listen to class. Fucking decisions man.
. twitterusername seriously katy turning a man who wears "???????" (Allah) necklace into sand, ok that's not cool you have to respect Islam!
"twitterusername If i was even half as free as you , i bet i could do twice the work you could." I could too man!
Pizza hut delivery man must be wondering how I can finish all the food I ordered... well bitch it's my breakfast lunch and dinner
[CNA] Man accused in Sheng Siong kidnap case deemed fit to make plea: One of the two men accused of... twitterurl #singapore
Man City manager Manuel Pellegrini believes victory in the Capital One Cup final will kickstart the club's quest for a hat-trick of trophies
The man claims that his heart is made of steel. But he also needs to know that even steel, has it's melting point.
I say this quite objectively, no club beats West Ham for top, self-deprecating chants ... see the following chants sang at Man City ...
Lim Chu Kang murder: Another man has been arrested in connection with the death of 37-year-old Dexmon Chua twitterurl
Police looking for next-of-kin of 75-year-old man: Police are appealing for the next-of-kin of 75-year-old Sim... twitterurl
Li's Power Assets to spin off HK unit: Li Ka-shing, Asia's richest man, is to spin off his electricity assets ... twitterurl
I once drunk texted the man saying I loved him. And that's prolly the only time he replied me back hahahahahaha. Such a loser haha
"A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him." -Sir Winston Churchill How ironical.
West Brom are weighing up a January bid for Craig Gardner. The Sunderland man will be a free agent in the summer.
The age of Man has come to a point where the closest thing to social interaction is standing together, using our phones.
Hong Kong confirms second death from H7N9 bird flu: HONG KONG (Reuters) - A 65-year-old man infected with the ... twitterurl
I just added my neighbour on FB wow I have top-notch stalking skills man now he must be thinking that I'm a creep
*smack twitterusername across the head* oi did ya infect twitterusername with ya old man disease? what this "I'm not stable right now" business?
dont understand plus suze girls who kept gg 'real man love curves not bones' and yada yada. or 'im curvy and thick'.
"Have the courage to design a life you love instead of waiting on a man to build it for you." ~ #TheSW
Stomp Citizen Journalism Awards Month 6: Man buys new iPhone 5C from SingTel, only for it to be locked remotely by twitterurl
War News Updates > Will The Syrian Civil War Last 15 Years?: A man walks past damaged buildings and debris in ... twitterurl
man. I cant imagine if i met new friend and they knew about my twitter acc. Hell no im gonna tell them.
(cont'd) The nicest thing is the Soka Buddhist centre near the workplace. Went to chant 45mins of daimoku. :-D Bonus man.
I've listened to so many mashup songs, but all just couldn't beat 'Love On The Stereo Floor'. That one is still on top of my list man...
.twitterusername stance of family is hilarious. He says, "One man as Father and one woman as Mother in a marriange????? (cont.)
Cast of Spider-Man 2 joined Spidey in turning of the lights for Earth Hour in S'pore on Sat twitterurl twitterurl
My camp practices birthday off. If its your birthday, its an off day for you man. So sweet ah the system. Thank god my b'day falls on thurs.
[News] "Crazy" man runs 31 marathons in 31 days for bone marrow cause: Mr Gerrard Lin, nicknamed "Ah Siao", ra... twitterurl
my mother have worn out 4th and 5th disc in her spine AND a pinched nerve AND a spur .....man she was told to take it easy
I just eaten my lunch and bunkmate showed me a video of a man eating a dead body... Thanks bro thanks
WTF RT twitterusername NS man drink water on train also want to stomp?? Get a life please omg nothing better to do is it twitterurl
oh man my area has no hawker food :( so miss chicken rice if i have to eat i've to walk so far :( maxwell lol
I forgot to tell my man twitterusername congrats on being East Lit all time leading scorer been giving buckets since them Gra-Mar days #Salute
LOL twitterusername  please do as you promise ....you drag that old man outta of his shell ...watch out twitterusername here comes kwanghee
WHOLE HEART FULL OF THANKS NOW. i dont know why....  in the midst of so many tribulations and im enjoying a dinner with my fat man.
The man forgot I mentioned that I was in law enforcement, my job was routinely interrogating those in legal custody. I AM GOOD AT THAT SHIT.
Man Utd captain Nemanja Vidic has confirmed that he will leave the club at the end of the season. Sources: Various
The only man that make me feel alive again give me a goal to live give me strength to hold on...without you .....I would not know myself
I could bring home a millionaire of any race and my mother would probably still insist that one day i will marry a particular chinese man.
Remember back then when man u score. We all had no reactions, just looking at Sir Alex chewing his gum. Look at us now! Haha!
Pellegrini has blamed Man City injury problems for their failure to score in two successive games after drawing 0-0 at Norwich City.
This sem is rabaaaaaak man. But as long as i don't fail, I will be contented enough. Next sem will be better. More like, HAVE TO be better.
Bouncers beat up man before kicking him out of Clarke Quay club: Stomp contributor Praew says his friend was b... twitterurl
'The man who cant be moved' cocok untuk yg moveonya stngah2 :p eaak RT twitterusername Calvin 'berdua' bagusss cocok untuk orang" jatuh cinta
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Sweating It Solved!: Readers solve the case of a 25-year-old man who can???t stop vom... twitterurl
A man willing to do anything just to put a smile on your face is the one worth keeping. #throwback twitterurl
??twitterusername Man accused of killing gay lover in crystal meth S&M extreme sex session twitterurl drugs are bad for you, folks
What is your dream man? ??? Have a job that wear suit , getting marry at age 27 and having 2 kids . twitterurl
[TheVerge] Newly-exposed creator of Bitcoin denies founding Bitcoin: A California man who Newsweek claimed was the inventor of the po...
"twitterusername If a skinny girl turns fat during her r/s, its just the beauty of her man, the way he keeps her happy"
Maybe you guys, the one that still in school feels annoyed and whatever.But man you need to appreciate it. School gives you the best feeling
Blast some heavy punk rock music and watch your annoying little sis back away from your room. Let a man do his thing in peace, will ya.
Man I might as well be sleepin in my momma room cuz how I'm posed to sneak hoes when my bro here?
I think I know why the missing plane affects me the longest among all. There's no one else behind it but god. Idk man I'm stuck.
Thanks maid , you make spoilt my fav kitty shirt . Shld i gv u a love man. My playboy shoe , skirt & fav clothes from bangkok n msia is gone
What's going on with twitterusername and their Man of the Match photos? They're always so busy with the graphics but not tonight I guess?
Am i having a migraine or just a mild headache??? Fuck man such an ass that i cant differ this shit
[CNA] Man arrested for obscene act on public bus: A 17-year-old girl on a bus to Bukit Batok Bus In... twitterurl #singapore
[TODAY] Man arrested for obscene act on public bus: SINGAPORE - A 17-year-old girl on a bus to Buki... twitterurl #singapore
God has blessed my life with this man. We met long time ago, when we were kids and now, God has?? twitterurl
Done with HIMYM. Waiting for new episodes for 2 broke girls and last man standing. Now I don't know what tv shows to watch.
Kris said he brought books "to be a man" but ended up reading the title wrongly and holding it the wrong way......... twitterurl
You know you're in deep shit when you're having constipation for 3 days. Haha the irony. Shit.. Constipation.. Get it? Ha ha funny man
Not a makeup test (I just got back from the Amazing Spider-Man 2 press conference so I'm lazy) more of?? twitterurl
Oh look at how cute Man Utd fans are right now, so happy dont we all just wanna award them a standing ovation with claps filled with sarcasm
Donnie Yen laughs off rumours he booted Lynn Hung from Ip Man 3 to make room for wife's cousin twitterurl twitterurl
Had a conversation with the taxi uncle about anger and forgiveness. How is he able to just let things slide man
Man Utd against Bayern. Barcelona against Atletico. Both at the same time. Zzz now i have to choose to watch one haha which oneeeee
Looking at my contacts' whatsapp status, I am surrounded with sad and negative people. And a man who keeps his whatsapp status 'Nothing'.
What the fuck u doing outside in this cold (even if I'm sweating) at 4:11am?? God man stop making noise
I thought Chelsea would overpower PSG, who knew it was the other way round, with Zlatan being the target man but his teammates scoring?
and because all ur friend is accompanying their bf/gf and ignored you. screw it man! don't come back and cry when u guys broke up. lol.
Ahahaha seriously man, i need to stop drinking my green tea. And drink water all day. But who says no to pokka green tea? :'(
So this racist old man sees a wifi connection on his laptop called 'pang lifangs iPhone', looks at me, laughs and says "this must be you!"
"twitterusername "twitterusername Chelsea! RT twitterusername Biar Man City or Chelsea angkat ah this season." Arsenal haha" Sigh i wish tho hahaha
??If Pac-Man had affected us as kids, we'd all be running around in dark rooms, munching pills and listening to repetitive electronic music.???
Man in Singapore jailed for a day for rubbing his private parts in the face of a woman in public. Eeeeee!  twitterurl
Ask.fm should be manual man. Eats up my battery like its been fasting for a month! Need to vrooom back home now! twitterurl
Citizen Journalism Awards: What on earth is this man trying to do? He lies on road in Bishan -- and refuses to move twitterurl
No you guys don't ??twitterusername We all want one. ??twitterusername Shit can I find a man who actually wants a girlfriend ???????
I go gaga over boys with British accents. My man better not bring me there if he don't want to suddenly find me missing HAHAHAHAH k kidding
Heard that Ms Lynn announced to the CGR team that i an capable in handling anything. SHIT MAN.. So much pressure
711/With A Green Tea In My Hand/And A Cigarette In The Other/No Cockroach Up My Pants.... Its not the same man
it is seriously an official mv for overdose.. got chinese sub like you saw on growl n wolf mv.. sm, mnet oredi release the mv~come on man
Dont think I condone any of this shit but I rather my man go to another woman for just sex than emotional needs & shit twitterusername
i see him as a boy 3 years ago . and right now i see him as a man . How time flies si fast .
twitterurl *O* man goddess is hot ...watch out twitterusername or u get burnt!! twitterusername the guy in blue & tie is Kim Gura
The Singaporean man who doused himself with petrol and set himself alight on Sunday in Johor Baru had died from... twitterurl
Man arrested for committing obscene act in public: On 9 April 2014, at about 2.18 am, police received a call f... twitterurl
The fianc?? said that he will start sketching the outfits for his best man and groomsmen. I love to look at his drawings. He is really good!
If you get an old man who can barely walk properly as security, how am I assured that my place is secure? twitterusername #PGPR
Shanda ke RT twitterusername Im a man. Not supposed to be doing this shit  twitterusername Do u have hands? RT ... twitterurl
Man charged with causing death of four along CTE by dangerous driving: April 04, 2014 9:41 AMA motorist who wa... twitterurl
Its permanent he said and when I ask if he is gonna d... ??? Wtf??? No man. Just give up la so hard meh this kind ... twitterurl
wow antibiotics really gives me the runs man, I ACTUALLY forgot how it was like to have lifelong diarrhoea because of my HIV meds!
"But you???re not that man anymore. And I???m not in love with you." | I???m Not In Love With You Anymore | twitterurl twitterusername
??You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him." ~ James D. Miles
wow u're so drunk n cool!! hip n happening man!!! u really GOT TURNT UP!!!1 post 999999 photos of alcohol pls and ur drunk face wow!!
It is so downright comical to see a man like you who does nothing but share improbable stories around stating you... twitterurl
"An honest man with an open Bible and a pad and pencil is sure to find out what is wrong with him very quickly."  A.W. Tozer
Didn't know that tmr is good friday. Luckily one of my man told me. If not i'll be coming to work tmr. Haha.
should i call myself a woman ? cause i see him as a man . and i am a happy woman to have him by my side .
My father helping his father claim stuff. He got hit by BMW!! Wow man he's gonna claim more than 20 thousand because broken bone.
[News] Man fined S$1,500 over brawl on MRT: A glass contractor who was captured in a video fighting with anoth... twitterurl
So apparently. While I was in my "firmly ignoring footy" mode this weekend, LFC beat Man City!! What exciting times we live in D: #YNWA
Funny how the man who could down you in a single jab to the gut is one of the most gentleman-like of them all
Me n Kendrick Perkins would of been fighting lolll why would yo big self get comfortable on that man side like that! Petty lol
[News] Man fined for getting others to take rap for traffic offences: A former property agent has been fined S... twitterurl
and i found a blog  where the man regretting of had 10 A+ in SPM , zaman remaja terkorban and he end up takde memori masa zaman remaja .
Especially the religion part. So annoying. What monkey or tree or flying donkey or naked man on a torture device I worship is none of yo biz
'i knew neesa was looking at that asian man. you should've asked to text his son' omfg my vice principal knows me so well
That's dead them ybs corny asshit what bout the bull ... ??? yeah my man lil gon snap at safety and at QB. Rob jus... twitterurl
Going back to you? A mistake I will not ever do. Praying you get a good and nice man? I'll always do.
First 420 as a free man in a country that smoking weed is legal and I'm choosing abstinence out of choice. #lifedecisions #formafuture
I'm not a Man U supporter but tbh i really pity Moyes. Really. Give him time to adapt to manage his new club come on
Disturbing my #oldman by making th same crying as he does. Haha. Sibei cry baby sia this old man here.?? twitterurl
HELLO AMRISH its been almost one and a half years since ive kno... ??? haha ya thanks Astenn we need to fifa more man twitterurl
can't wait for man utd vs Norwich. Ryan giggs as the manager while Paul scholes as the assistant and Nicky butt alongside with p.neville
Good night all good night to the man that hold my heart firmly in his palm twitterusername and hope ya okay twitterusername
Tbh youre seemingly very cool with your continuous st... ??? ya we should hang out sometime soon man! after your m... twitterurl
[TheVerge] HTC's head of design is leaving the company: Scott Croyle, the man responsible for the stellar designs of HTC's One smartp...
North Korea says it has American in custody: North Korea is holding an American man who it claims arrived in t... twitterurl
hi ! me yang smlm wish you and nabby tu. hehe. niways you gain weight man ??? Sigh is that a good or a bad thing twitterurl
Now I just wanna focus on my studies, make sure the satellite event is a success and finish running man planning before exams.
"twitterusername You're the daughter of a respected man and a future wife of a another, don't let young boys fool you into their temporary lust"
[Y!FB] This man did what he had to do to evade the swarm that attacked him and stung hi...: This ma... twitterurl #singapore
Now i know what qualities i want in my man .. ???.. The one who helps.. Not the one who wants u to do it for them ..
There's 10 episode of running man in my phone and 3 episode of temptation of wife . Now my phone is damn laggy .
My hopes for Chelsea or Man city to lift the EPL cup is crushed hahaha nvm it's Gerrard's chance ah this season to lift it before he retire
Smrt train's fucking up. It's only going to braddell and it said it's at sembawang. Lol! Do something about it man #smrt
What have I gotten myself into....oh man. Have to transcribe drum parts too. I'm in for a long night.?? twitterurl
Tiam la RT twitterusername You guys got to chill man, its just football. And y'all not the one playing either. So why bother fighting?
I rather see a man building up his career, being independent and keeping fit than being all lifeless sticking solely to FB/ Twitter/YouTube
Is Emma Watson a human in the first place? Even the word 'Beauty' cant define her. Oxford need to come up with a new word for her man.
I dont see to be a single man or woman is such a looser . Yet they're the lucky one because God has preserve the better one for them .
What questions do you usually ask when you want to ge... ??? sup you look fab, do you breathe? omg me too cool man... twitterurl
[ST] Jobless man charged with murder of 88-year-old woman in Choa Chu Kang lift: April 29, 2014 11:... twitterurl #singapore
Make yourself like a shady tree where man can take shelter. Do not like the owl tree dry place off homesickness and fit made ??????firewood
#ChubbyDong RT twitterusername Wow, Ex-Man Utd winger Dong Fangzhou has let himself go. Just 29 but not looking good. twitterurl
RT twitterusername Watching Running Man from the beginning to now and it???s interesting to see the switch to iPhones even in Korea.
twitterusername IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY!? Man, it was just last year we bought for you a Lil Wayne iPhone cover. Ah. Enjoyyyyy! Last long w Mey! ???
#world #news The Act for iPhone and iPad: Between a man-sized mouse, two foul-tempered ducks, and ... twitterurl #computer #pc
Wanna come back to my place to see my Apple store?: A man decides the best way to express his enthus... twitterurl #Tech #News
#Technology #Geek Wanna come back to my place to see my Apple store?: A man decides the best way t... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
VIDEO: "I'm sure my father was a child killer": The daughter of a man who is suspected of murdering a schoolgirl... twitterurl
I don't even hang out with you before and you act like as if you know me for more than 10years lol who r u man
Awesome man! "twitterusername Check out the new twitterusername commercial I'm in with twitterusername and twitterusername  "The Disappearing Act" directed by twitterusername
So oh mister player, do you feel like the man now and i bet you're nervous cause this song makes you freak out. #np
Olympics bottle thrower guilty: A man who threw a beer bottle on to the track at the start of the men's Olympic ... twitterurl
Man, I really have no idea how my wedding reception or maybe our reception would be. Belum ada hati, tengok pelamin pun takde rasa.
Death for serial killer in China: A Chinese man sentenced to death in July for killing 11 people is executed, st... twitterurl
Wtf. From Orchard to my home, normally 40 Mins. Due to the jam and rain, it took 75 mins. Thanks for ruining my plans man.
between fucking a man and getting fucked by a shemale, which w... ??? NO JUST NO MY ASS IS PRICELESS BACK OFF AHAHAHA twitterurl
Man jailed 8 weeks for theft in MRT train: A Chinese national was jailed for eight weeks on Friday for stealing ... twitterurl
Howard Webb is appointed for tonight's match Man Utd V Liverpool. Liverpool fans are going to say we bribe. Lame shits
Lost faith in humanity. One old man walking with the aid of a walking cane fell and one whole family standing nearby didn???t even help. -.-
Haaaaaaahaaaaa I'm weak man. I've been watching police women of cincy for the last couple hours and this here is hilarious
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername I dun agree wif them. But as a BN man, I won't call them hooligans." Well said sir.
"Every man is afraid of something. That's how you know he's in love with you; when he is afraid of losing you."
of put this goo on your fingers, then slam them with a hammer: Man from Tech21 puts goos on his finger and hamme... twitterurl
Whai oh whai its been 2 years consecutively that the beginning of each year,everything gets difficult and bad -.- idk man
Upside Down movie is awesome. The film is about a man searching an alternate universe for a long-lost love from his youth. Their sacrifice.
Chelsea w/ Ba seems to have Wenger's intended tactics down pat. 1 target man, 2 creative mids creating chances, 2 ball carriers & a DM.
Man i feel like telling them off .. i just Sshhh them but of no use .. Sssh from 12 storey wont be heard .. lol
Murder charges over Big Issue men: A 23-year-old man is charged with the murders of two Big Issue sellers stabbe... twitterurl
Secret society gang "fighter" jailed 12 years for causing man's death: SINGAPORE - A 53-year-old man who was a "... twitterurl
oh yay.. scored 50% for the stupid online quadratic quiz... totally sucks man but wth la i dont give a damn...-.-
Caused i believed they are dumb enough to not understand the show. RT twitterusername Never trust a man who hasn't seen Star Wars.
Omg I'm watching Running Man on teevee now for the FIRST time after ALLLLL the rave about it.... IT'S SO FUNNY!!!!! HAHAHAHAHA
i should chat and talk with a mature man. but, why do I keep chatting with my little niece? it's okay
I don't know man seriously is my arm so cushiony with fat that anyone who falls asleep on it falls into a deep slumber never to awake again.
Earlier on while i was getting ready for meet up, i was searchin for my eyeliner (which im very sure kak took. I should lock my room man)
I Wish and hoped my dream girl would text me wishing goodnight . Awhh . That would be my dream came true man ! :3
I'm MAJOR surprised and taken aback that someone (who are you!) actually noticed I wasn't wearing my anklets anymore!! Hahaha upz man!
And what now my fault? I high ego? Fuck you man, this is ur attitude problem not mine. Get ur facts right.
Currently watching 3 matches at 1 go. Chelsea vs Southampton on tv. Arsenal vs Swansea and Man Utd vs West Ham on live stream.
Man charged for stealing 2 litres of cough syrup from Tampines clinic: January 16, 2013 6:19 PMA jobless worker ... twitterurl
With your galau-ness? RT twitterusername and then let's shake the whole world. RT gabrielgumantar: Share the pain. We always here for you man~
"Chang-Min is a real man despite his cute and pretty looks" No wonder he was so shy when that guy was talking about him LOL
Gordon Strachan was unveiled as Scotland's new manager on Tuesday. Is he the right man for the job? Find out here: twitterurl
What It Was Like Attending Aaron Swartz's Funeral: Aaron Swartz was no ordinary man, so it is only fitting that ... twitterurl
''- Not all ITE ppl are stupid - Not all poly ppl are smart. - Not all JC ppl have a future'' hey YOU, for you man rly . twitterusername
I wanted to buy a biscuit and the young man cashier talked to me in chinese. I was like "huh?" "Oops sorry, i thought you chinese" wth??????
Come on Azri, why are you still like this in front of girls?! Man up!! Get some big bouncy balls. She's just a pretty salesgirl.
watching tonight's episode of The Choice and all the man are really funny! would be torn btwn Rocco and Warren tho.
A man walked up and asked "Is something bothering you?" Amazed by his mind reading skills..."You're putting your tong tau foo onto a tray.."
When i was your man. So then you can cry till tmrw.  RT twitterusername Can anybody give me a sad sad song so I can cry?
Local resident Paul Ling on PAP's Koh: Being nice and honest are good traits, but we need a man in #punggoleast who can get things done
I wish i have a bigger built . So i can walk around half naked without worrying about my man boob. Haha
Awh my handsome man! RT twitterusername Had to come home wid my brother because he wanted me to my baby sick ??
Stop treating my friends like some brainless and heartless people can? Grow up and learn how to be a proper man,scum
I liked a twitterusername video twitterurl SNSD - I Got a Boy Dance Cover By ZN D/School ( A Man with Mother's Class ) [ 720 HD
This is nice man... > Justin Bieber - As Long As You Love Me/Beauty and a Beat - MASHUP by Before You Exit  twitterurl
??twitterusername Imma bad boy Mirah. Hope you understood the msg in that pic. :)???be my bad boy be my man be my weekend lover
Namer jek laki tapi indirect. Eeeeee NO SENSE OF MORAL AND MANNERS SIA. what happened to the guys that used to be a man?
Yeah man! I wish you luck too Jinn!! ??twitterusername twitterusername go sleep la. And goodluck on ur first day of work! Dont paitao!! (:???
When Rihanna's boyf passed the smoke to her mouth in We Found Love MV, man miss the old days. Oops. :p
Oh man. No heavy traffic. No over crowding bus. No excuses to give for being late. Not usual for a Monday. School break is it? #SIM #NYP
Currently watching Running Man EP61 and the moment where HaHa drops the shuttlecock down the Great wall of China, His expression really ?
You can tell that a man is not a gentleman if he steals the seat first in the mrt when a woman nearly got it
Omfg last man standing in a 3-3 search and destroy and killed 4 guys and won my hands are temblig nw
Oh, when we were going up the escalator, there was an old man who was pushing his own wheelchair up. And everyone ignored him.
#pcfdtradingarena Thailand???s richest man came closer to winning control of Fraser & Neave.(FNN) rival group failed to top his S$13.8 billion
Hahah! Insya' Allah. <3 RT twitterusername twitterusername precisely man! Guys are blind nowadays. Don't worry, one day someone will fall for you.
omg seeing yongyi watch all the old awesome running man episodes like the sherlock holmes one and super powers one makes me wanna rewatch
What the fuck man, calling me a devil spawn when I haven't even done anything wrong. Calling me a child of satan and what shit.
Now my expectation for the perfect boyfriend is raised to the level of Kim Boong-Do in Queen in-hyun's man... Will I ever find one? :(
Aww man cant see you then ??????. But if it was me , id do the same thing. You are close to finishing it alrd!twitterusername twitterusername yes. ???????????
OHHHHHH RT twitterusername Richard Blanco is reciting the inaugural poem. He's the youngest, first Latino and first openly gay man to do so."
When you compare Tavia Yeung breastfeeding a 52 year old man to a girl sucking her own menses from a tampon, I don't know what's more sick.
Running man ep 129 is out! and the best part is i can choose whether i wanna go sch or not tmrw! Fcukkkkk yessssss
I wish they free boosie, so me and my man can finally be happy and ill get away from these dumb ass niggas #truuuuuu
"What have you done? I hafta kiss a girl! I don't wanna get married! Not cool man" HAHA this cartoon is so funny at Cartoon Network.
That's fast.. RT twitterusername With De Gea poised to leave Man Utd, who can save them from their goalkeeping woes? twitterurl
WHAT IS HAPPENING TO YOU MAN RT twitterusername guys go add me on star girl twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername my ID Z7C4X. what's yours?
Rt twitterusername twitterusername Fail malay, fail english...if maths is a language, i fail maths too : woo ure amazing man keep it up :)
Gas station shootout caught on camera: A Florida man notices two men lurking outside a gas station; when he trie... twitterurl
Actually it's starts this week, it's big man Ashley's birthday tmr! We're celebrating it with #SteveAoki asswipes! #VIPS for the night ???
Amy Khor speaks: KPK and I share same surname in Chinese... Support KPK because I believe he is the best man for the job.
Btw the camera man sucked. I was trying to see who was speaking before LHL, but all he did was pan the audience.
A woman's touch needed in baby debate: January 24, 2013 12:04 AMEVERY time I hear a man lecturing women on their... twitterurl
Ipswich Journal: Paul Mason Is Two-Thirds the Man He Used to Be: Since Paul Mason had gastric bypass surgery in ... twitterurl
I miss my big man a lot. And I hope he's doing alright. Wish that you won't get any more shit... twitterusername
joke man. of all ppl, THEY are NABBING?! and isnt it normal for photographers/designers blahblah to do that... *see lowhighwhite*
I'm feeling lucky and it's only Monday. A tweet from twitterusername and a sudden follow by twitterusername . Idk man. Am I dreaming ? x_x
omfg someone found it and offed it. omg that fucker gonna pay big time man, big time. stupid shit motherfucker. asswipe. i hate you. fuck u.
If a man jokes and laughs 2 much I can't take him serious like Drake & I'm sure no women will also.
The El component way made me stunned on the spot for 5 mins... Don't even know what to write about man..-.-
Sg drama pales in comparison to akb drama. RT twitterusername Police have arrested a 31-year-old man suspecte      (cont) twitterurl
Leviticus 20:18 says "If a man has sexual relations with a woman during her monthly period, both shall be cut off from their people"
So this guy shouted "babat sekilo" and yeah i shouted back. "Pepek hitam on your face for fuck" just had to man. I'm quite sensitive yknow.
When you coming s'pore? Eh faster skype with me ah RT twitterusername twitterusername when you wanna play street soccer with me? I miss you man
Wanted so badly to take a cab to work this morning but mom said "No temptation has ceased you except what is common to man". I LOLED.
Ex-postman jailed 3 weeks for stealing parcel with clothes: Posed photo of a man in handcuffs. A postman at the ... twitterurl
Screaming Happy Birthday to my lil big bubba twitterusername ...aww ive watch yu grow into a man..that im so very proud to call bubba #turnUp
You know what? I can't wait till I can be on the field. Making a difference as a man of law.
wtf man i forgot that i???m working on sunday!!! now i can???t go to batam alr god damn it
niggas be like "man, fuck that bitch!" ?? but deep inside, they miss that "bitch", still love that "bitch", & want that "bitch" back!!!
Wowlao! Stupid driver.. Cannot wait for awhile. Really pity for that man. ): he already near to the door and you still go just like that.
Lets migrate to HK man RT twitterusername I dun feel the festive mood,jus in my own disney dream land omg"
I just met my flatmate, he's friendly but too nosy. Why on earth does he want to see my tenant-owner agreement? lol it's classified man!
All the yes man say yes but deep down in their heart, they share similar sentiment to Mr Singh. But, we are running out of such person.
"The real strength of any man is knowing his limitations. You'll never be truly be powerful until you know what your kryptonite is."
Why can't people just shut up I mean c'mon I jwu how do you like it if I shout at you when you jwu so irritating man
Sementara rehat ni, layan bola jap. Semasa : Soton 1-0 Man City. Mcm mne soton boleh power malam ni? No clean sheet for my defenders -,-
I don't care if anybody sees it before I go collect ang pow but fml man it's all over the place twitterurl
Speaking of howlers: Gareth Barry scores own goal with fine right-footed finish to Hart???s far corner. Southampton 3-1 Man City. in 49th.
All that aside, I think it's getting really late now.Goodnight sloth and everyone else who's still awake. Get off of twitter man seriously.
Everyone already said it's fine, so please man up, control your fucking temper and let it go. It's the first day (cont) twitterurl
Im sorry but did your man ever gave u orgasm? No? Then quit being ms-i-know-it-all talking abt sex that u never had before.
One thing I dislike about the circle of friends is that, when someone bitch about someone you're close with, you are like the middle man.
like fuck man, the only thing I was looking forward to is tonight's pasar malam and they decided to go w/o me? fucking hell!
Munah and Hirzi really got the balls to do the 10 dares! Cant believe Im saying this, but Hirzi, hats off to you man. ????
??twitterusername Proposing at 13?! What the fuck man? Go study first lah twitterurl the sum of all stupid things in the world
Lets start the journey with my No.1 man of K-Po... ?  I'm Yours by Kim Hyun Joong twitterurl (@ Bukit Batok Street 21)
Still remember when Man City scored their final goal against QPR , channel sudden distrupt & lost signal. The worst year for SingTel MiO TV.
Can wait to see Man United match against Real Madrid later on :D . Haha. Must thank Abah that he subscribed it. Took his sacrifice to do it.
A mini celebration for the man who just turned 21. I know it's not much but i hope you enjoyed yourself.?? twitterurl
The Dida diet: 1/3 githeri; 1/3 water; 1/3 breathing space (?) ...& stop stuffing your faces; I love this man. Vegetarianism & water.
What should a real man be able to do? ??? Treat a woman right take care of his responsibilities & let a real woman... twitterurl
Rubio: ??From our earliest days we embraced economic liberty.??? Let???s write next chapter in story of greatest nation man has ever known.
"twitterusername ?"Because what makes you a man is not having the ability to conceive a child but having the courage to raise one" - twitterusername
yesterday, for the first time in a long time, I managed to go to sleep without having to force my eyes to shut. Feels good, man :)
I wonder how it feels to date an old man with kids.....i swear this is random like hell cause i been watching too much tv shows.
The guy was like, "handsome young man! Show me how you fight!" The girl was like, "the mummys are gonna?? twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername ccb you standby man utd kena kicap!??? Nvrm la at least I supporting my team. Europa Friday morning la
So if guys attend, they are dating a man? Are they gay? RT twitterusername Event is called "A Date With Mr. J"  J for Jesus of course!
Man . Seriously i played Fifa 13 like as if its my own world like i nvr forget that i'm schooling later on. Hahahaa.
Just hope i'm not sleepy or cranky in class. Had only 4 hours of sleep just to watch Man United match earlier on.
Yes, the man in the mirror. RT twitterusername Do you ever just look at someone and think "Wow, let me take off your pants."
I dont want watch with u leh?."twitterusername Hahha omg. Am I like the only one who havent watch ah boy to man..? eh. Let's go watch leh."
Very funny... This isnt a joke "twitterusername Oscar Pistorius, a man with no legs, still has a better shot than Fernando Torres."
United or Madrid? Lmao RT twitterusername In three weeks - Utd has to play Barca twice and Man Utd once. All away.\
Guam knife attack toll rises: The death toll from an attack in Guam rose to three after a Japanese man mown down... twitterurl
woman* RT"twitterusername My pride, my ego,  my needs & my selfish ways, caused a good strong man like u to walked out my life"
Ryan Gos can sing folk well. He has a nice voice. what is it that this man cannot do ? Somebody please surprise me. PLEASE.
Gila? Kita org Islam, haram! RT twitterusername A man has a higher chance of getting a woman's number by 3 times, if he's holding a dog.
Walked into J-Mall & it smelled like incents..Walked arnd the corner to find twitterusername resting on the Man Alive security stand lol
3 games of Fifa with twitterusername and lost all 3... Sorry bro.. Long time no play fifa man.. Nevertheless good matches! Next time. :)
Sometimes when a girl is pissed off, all she need is a man to hug her tightly from behind and comfort her.
Later evening Abg Man with Kak Hammadah & Muhammad with Kak Saadiah coming to our house appreciation dinner for the wedding 3 weeks ago.
In the heart of KL I witnessed a man help his daughter pee on the side of the street. Toilets inside mall right beside him. 1 Malaysia!
"A real man can handle a strong woman." True but the problem is theres a difference between being strong and overbearing."
Oh my god there's a man on the floor at PR inter with lots of bloods around him kimak where's the damn ambulance!!!
Cc twitterusername "twitterusername Tomorrow morning 31/1 MYT: Arsenal v Liverpool 345am, Man Utd v Southampton 4am, R.Madrid v Barca 4am"
If I were a boy, I think I could understand, how it feels to love a girl, I swear I'd be a better man.
Morning sex being unexpected.. nah because uh if I'm sleeping with my man it's gone happen no , if ans or buts #str8likedat
No one, in fact no man, can ever replace my dad and how strong i love him. Even future habib, ana asif. I am a daddy's girl.
I am offended. my lecturer actually thought that I like music and shit because the band dudes are "pretty" and "hot"? that's just shit, man
Man.... why is it always that someone has to treat me nice one moment and then treat me like shit the next?
LZ: More gun mayhem, yet we wait: On Tuesday, a man identified by authorities as Jimmy Lee Dykes boarded a schoo... twitterurl
!! RT twitterusername Man, listen.. January really tried to kill me ! but I said fuck that! I've got a 25th birthday to celebrate in March, hoe.
eating lunch made by mom at home. When was the last time I did this? Too long man, too god damn long.
Nice to see you! before NS!! RT twitterusername Crashed the mll lesson just noww.. Haa i miss the class man. #h2mll twitterurl
Look at it idoit, if you dont wish to accept the goods might as well the cheque return to you! Dont throw your anger on those man!
[CNA] Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death: SINGAPORE: The lover of a b... twitterurl #singapore
??twitterusername Second day in a row I saw a man wearing a skirt with leggings. Is this life why is my area like this??? Scotland ? LOL
Defence lawyer, on Ng Boon Gay: "This court should not convict an innocent man just to bring home the message that corruption is wrong."
??twitterusername "twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show his girl how much she means to him. Even after he's got her."
Now, I wanna watch. RT twitterusername : Life Of Pi. was one of the best movies ive ever seen. tigers are the best, man.
Reform Party need to reform itself. They need to stop being a 1 man party. And I mean JBJ, not Kenneth Jeyaretnam #PunggolEast
My friend Shake just told me,"I think now tough to find a man for u. Nowadays like no stock." Tts funny! Lol.
Finally bought a earpiece but the audio quality sucks man. But nvm hehehe as long as i have a earpiece its fine ^^
HAHAHA an old man sneeze is worse than a dino roar and it made a baby cry for so long. Poor babyyy :(
Thanks for sacrificing a lot for us, Cody. :) you truly are a great man. Love you. ? twitterusername (he's 16 now) twitterurl
WOW! Choo Sunghoon goes to Running Man! I know him through Law Of The Jungle & he is not a easy person! ????? Do you guys know him? ^^
Man, this is a nice ride. Learning a bit about the service from my driver (shockingly few vehicles during this trial). twitterurl
so tired and not yet done so i had to eat something. i only have zucchini wrap at home. KADIRI. hindi man lang ako nagising :|
But if i were to be a man, if i get the chance to be acting with Nora Danish, i wouldnt wanna miss that opportunity sia.
You're only screwed if you hear marbles dropping. Just saying RT twitterusername twitterusername yeah home all alone nah situation not the same man
I only heard of his name so many times but this is the first time I've seen his face on running man.
A man may fall many times, but he won't be a failure until he says that someone pushed him.~ Elmer G. Letterman??
A man who divorce twice, talks bad about his wife to outsiders, take cafe tips money to buy beer everyday: the problem lies with you.
i have a senior named abu bakar ?????? I SWEAR TO GOD MAN. SO FUNNY. ABU BAKAR. HAHAHAHAHAH. JOKE SIA THE NAME!!!
"He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy."\
#local #news Man in "trolley bag" case pleads guilty to failing to report death: The lover of a busin... twitterurl #singapore
There's this foreign Indian worker sitting on the bus then suddenly let his sit away to an old lady. I admire him man! (Y)
Maybe my mom will be up to taking a quick picture tomorrow to show off her purple cast! She had to show her support for the man #Prince ????????
But what am I actually waiting for? What's there waiting for me at the end of the road? Sighs, this sucks man.
??A man in a suit is far, far more attractive than a lad with his skinny jeans half way down his arse.???
Seriously got to study my geog like seriously man , i don't even get a dingle shit my cher is saying drom the first lesson ?????? .
I don't get why people hate on Ray Lewis so much. He's a great man on and off the football field.
Damn Paiseh la! My bro and I were singing along to the song in the shop then one man just laugh at us :(
This is worth a RT RT twitterusername Lols Najib oppa, I didn't know you were into other old man dancing about. Omg i didn't just say that lol
Topped up $5 into my ez link card end up having $10 value added. The person make a big mistake man!
??twitterusername Everyone wants to get married, but no one wants to be responsible??? any boy can make a baby, It takes a man to raise one
Man, twitterusername cover feature on twitterusername is really, really fascinating & good - irregardless of you being a fan of the show or not.
Letting go is the best way to end your suffering. He's not the last man on earth, wait for a better one.
Teenager killed in double shooting: A teenager is killed and a 32-year-old man is seriously injured in a shootin... twitterurl
Like seriously, you have to be more matured, man. Stop act like childish and stop doing something weirdo. You think you're cute shit, huh?!
I miss Static Shock man! He was like the only black superhero that Cartoon Network air'd. It needs to come back on!
And no one spotted him? Keke RT twitterusername KJK revealed that he came to SG before secretly after filming Running Man in HK! #kjkinsg
Soon as I'm [ taken ] my daddy gata kum off my header lol .. hell nawl !! No ooutside person befo pops man !! He faheva here !! :)
Driver dies in police pursuit crash: A man dies after the car he is driving crashes into three other vehicles ... twitterurl
The man said:??I actually came here to siam the CNY visitation today because every year must give ang bao but cannot receive very siong one.???
Big little Raffs is going to a Liverpool Coaching Camp today (do well lad, your old man needs an Aston Martin Vanquish soon)
I'm a girl. Sometimes i wanna be pretty, beautiful ans gorgeous in front of my man. But i just love being myself with boyish style :)
Pistorius has also hired PR guru, Stuart Higgins to manage reputation etc. Among Higgins' clients: Man United, BPL, Chelsea, Andy Murray...
I really know how u feel when u losing a man who never hurt u and always love u  all his life : your father. ?
i do not live with the principle of living life on a daily basis. i mean you need to have foresight man. think of the future. YOUR future.
seriously whatever man. Always say I'm wasting time watching shows and that I'm supposed to prepare for poly. WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO PREPARE?
my dad's friend whose a man utd fan commented on my dad's liverpool album "liverpool 4 ever will have only 18 Premiere League Title eh?"
What An Experience Wit Da Homie twitterusername Man! I Looked Up To Da Homie For Years, It Really Was An Honor! Big Session Monday! #Work #DCMG
crazy old man ??twitterusername Liverpool, trailing United by 29pts. Can they chase The Red Devils? Don't RT if you think they can't. #bpl #mufc???
And louis dressed up as a fat man giving free hugs. Hahahahaha niall and zayn dressed up as horrible street singers. Hahahahahha
Using the iPad 3 "for a change", tweeting and FB, but def no reading, ok so retina is sharp and crisp, but the weight, & the size... Oh man
I'm back home! Now is from ah boy to lazy man! All I wanna do is sleep. Yes I need sleep. ??
1.Man Utd-Fatah 2.Chelsea-Wadi 3.AC Milan-Syed 4.Inter Milan-Naza 5.Barcelona-Alep #GGMU #PES2013 cc twitterusername twitterusername
My choice of liquor tonight <<< ion even drink dat shit cause its nasty &it be having me off my ass man I be goooone
Man... My friend always sent me random sh*t pictures seh.. #headache. I will kill and burn you alive. You knw.who you are. -_-
"twitterusername Thats why I want a bf man we CAN do so much &' GO so many places !! I AIN'T getting No younger !!"
??twitterusername I feel really bad for the girl whose hair got burned off but WTH MAN THAT'S SO FREAKING HILARIOUS HAHAHAHA???
Hahahaha RT twitterusername Lol RT twitterusername A man tried to rob a bank after paying $500 to a wizard to make him invisible: twitterurl
mc: "you can use the term 'sotong' on kwangsoo in running man!" kim jong kook: "LOL it means cow dung in korean"
Quitting selling drugs is hard as hell man specially when everybody keep hitten ya line, make you wanna get at least one mo pack off lol
Can you fulfill my dreams ? I want to watch running man with you someday , take Polaroid with you on achieves day and ride bicycle with you.
my ask.fm is full of crappy qs lol. yall can like man up and say it right at my face instead of crawling like cowards. lol
Man i watched my former 4A2 Memorable Tribute Video is like bringing back the memories when i was a Secondary Kid.
Looking at the first xi, I wonder what's Fergie has up on his sleeve. No player capable of man marking Ronaldo.
My uncle boy is coming over my crib to watch soccer match later. eventhough my dad is a fan of LIVERPOOL & his a fan of MAN UTD. lol
Did you AC Milan vs Liverpool CL Final 2005? ??? Nope. cos at tht point of time, i'm a MAN UTD fan. haha :)... twitterurl
Respect ronaldo man i think he is really playing with a heavy heart. But he has to do his job. #respect
A man was seated behind me on e bus, thot he was talking on phone w his friend, speaking in Hokkien. Aft sometime, i turned & realise he (c)
Dont worry man united fans. Today we laugh at ya all. End of may. U will be laughing at us. #truestory #20 #stillaclassteam
To the point I might even be convinced if god came and tell me I'm a freaking binbougami in my dreams =_____= UGHH. fuck man.
Mario Baloltelli: "Man Utd fans saying it wasn't a red card should watch the replay & see the color of the card maybe they are color-blind."
Man, if we were paid $4k a month to serve the nation no one else would be working elsewhere, I think. twitterurl
Seeing all angry Man Utd fans on my timeline... *slowly creeping out of here not wanting to make a single noise*
Dont be a sour grape my dear haters . Be remorseful to the man utd fans. Let them have a say. Give chance la ccb.
Losing to a match in champions league is nothing compared to other leagues. That's why man utd's fans are very upset. ???? #GGMU
Man United fans showing alot of class here, just a couple of fans slagging off and sending the refs death threats. #bestfansintheworld
Why are you seducing a married man? RT twitterusername twitterusername come here la. cuddle kan nice. my bed is cold and empty without you... ;)
What does it mean when a man looks at other women whe... ??? Probably thinking that his girlfriend is way better t... twitterurl
THE FUCK MAN?! Fucking annoyed. Btw you're English is such a turn off. Stop it. You brought it upon yourself. Think about it ya?
NM Prisoner Left in Solitary 2 Years Receives $15.5M: A man who was driving across country in 2005 and found h... twitterurl
When I was a young man, couldn't wait to get big. All in all, I stayed on my job and you can call me Cudi the kid.
"James Franco Received A Star On The Hollywood Walk Of Fame And Brought A Doll With Him - twitterurl I love this man so much
I miss everyth about kc. Was so fun teaching the sch steps for aces day. Aw man....... those times are GONE. Just like that. :(
cant wait for next friday's Thank You! ??twitterusername SBS THANKYOU next week; PEOPLE ON STAGE. GD "A man who sing on the stage."???
I may not be the first man who enters your heart. But insyaallah I will be the last and stay there for the rest of my life.
.twitterusername Rather than being angry at man, have compassion. We cannot ask violence to stop if we are angry and meet it with violence.
Badan u pun baik. Girl if i was your man, i'd have u for breakfast every morning. Except for your nenek nenek undies.i wudn want that
[YH!SG-FB] This video has been making its rounds in social media: a man speaks on national...: This... twitterurl #singapore
In line at a Burger King in Jakarta, Indonesia and three 8 year olds kids are singing Thrift Shop by Macklemore. Mind blown man.
"twitterusername No girlfriend wants another girl tweeting about her man,talking to him,texting him,thinking about him,looking at him.No one!"
"I Feel Like "Fuck Man, Cant Take This Anymore, This Hear, Break This." This Is Life Thats So Thankless. How Could He Forsake Us?" #HU
What is the most important lesson you???ve learned in lif... ??? Be a wise valued dignified man. Attitude is everything twitterurl
Man City 5-0 Barnsley: Carlos Tevez shrugs off his recent arrest to score a hat-trick as Manchester City beat ... twitterurl
I don't answer this nigga calls man he be tryna talk to wett .. #freeScooby ima let em think about who he talking too ..
'You have feelingt towards that guy but u never expressed it out' Weh u know what,everytime I expressed they'll rejected me.Fuck off man
FUCKEN THIS RT twitterusername Member Man U all kerek RT twitterusername Baik ah not even 10 minutes and we're already at 1-0.
I told twitterusername it's going to be Man Utd's game since they were leading early on but I guess she was right. You can't be too sure.
Just passed this older man in the hallway who was leaving the sweetest vm on his wife's phone. "Just calling to say hi." ??
I just want someone for really love me I'm tired of being used,replaced,cheated on. girls aren't dolls. we're princess wich needs a real man
"twitterusername If you were sleeping between a beautiful girl and a gay man, who's side would you turn your back to?" Damn, hard choice..
I realize that you are capable of becoming a better M... ??? Hmm this is deep man. Yes it's true it's hard to resi... twitterurl
when a man focus on you the lights and twitterusername looks at the place you're omg i won't never forget #Lisbon #BELIEVETOUR
I just realise this sunday I have 3 days of night shift and next wk also! Omg. I going to die man.
Same bed but it feel just a little bit bigger now~ RT"twitterusername Seriously lagu when i was ur man ni :'( fuhhhhggg"
People probably think I'm some fat weird mouth breathing Doritos smelling hill billy inbred cousin marrying ugly ugly man because of my AVI
tht's ma protector ma man<3 twitterusername RT twitterusername #Cancer's are protective of those they care about, and of themselves too.
??twitterusername sian man now 3GB per month can't watch anime as much as possible??? don't step watch anime when u watching sth else ah ahmoh
hahahaha I know there's house meeting today but who gives a shit man, I'm still gonna wear sch approved tee & go for other houses' meeting
So private O level? Ite this year, work part time or Ns? Again confuse lah hais man. Dont know lah n time is running out
??twitterusername That shit get old after the tongue pic the ugly face and the smile I be like man I'm done??? follow me ??
Photo: The best place to learn lessons about life is in the presence of your old man. #home #family (at... twitterurl
No words for u! Thanks bboy ??twitterusername Proud of who you are And excited to see the man your becoming.. Blessing for you bboy twitterusername
Physically I tell you. Physically feeling it. Man. Tell me that was totally normal you guys experience it too sometimes.....? No?
Touch?? RT ??twitterusername Ladies :: take your time choosing a man.. Just because you're boyless does not mean you have to be joyless!???
[ST] Sex offender gets 6 1/2 years and caning for abusing five girls: March 14, 2013 12:05 PMA man ... twitterurl #singapore
Thanks and sure bro! 2:40 wait for my result! Hahaha ??twitterusername twitterusername Goodluck man end liao tweet me your results haha.???
Day 1: A meeting and a Mass: A man of many firsts, Pope Francis will spend part of his first full day meeting ... twitterurl
??twitterusername Ion like the Knicks cause mark and bear like em lol lol??? man mark the reason they playing shitty lol
"I'm a monster with a tumor hanging between its thighs. I'm a white man in clitoris palace. I'm...such a cock." 2 pages in, sold. #Phonogram
That awkward moment when someone asks you your age, and you go so nervous you say 20 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT MAN
Do all the things I should have done, when I was your man :') RT twitterusername  fak :') RT mrcookies_: Now my baby is dancing, but she dancing with
Respect to #waddup! You girls were mad mad awesome earlier on stage man. All time favourite. Cant wait to see ya'll again in finals!!
Our brains are more powerful than any man-made computers. But the thing about computers is we have to turn it on first, so do our brains.
??twitterusername I want to jump down Macau Tower !!!!!??? I also want after watching running man. Like damn fun. Ok, I'm going Macau after 2 yrs!
One day, I'm going to be that wanted unwanted man on stage during a Black Dahlia Murder's gig, with my old ibanez.
??twitterusername twitterusername bersyukur coz u gt awun HAHAHAHA WTF AM I THINKING??? Christian Grey still the man of my dreams hais haha
I like that part where R told his zombie friend that the girl left him. the zombie friend struggled for a bit, then said "bitches, man."
FRIGGIN tired and I'm easily losing balance on the packed bus. Everyone can easily stand still while I'm like some weak old man :(
"Kill a man, one is a murderer; kill a million, one is a conqueror; kill them all, one is a God." -Mewtwo
Hey bro I saw your lifting stats, wtf you're fucking ... ??? Thanks man! Still not where I wanna be yet though. Mo... twitterurl
Apple???s iconic ad man Scott Trattner returns to Media Arts Lab after brief stint at Samsung???s agency 72andSunny twitterurl
Idk man my logic is that since my earpiece is so loud and I cant hear my voice, no one else can wtf stop staring guys
Hey twitterusername . Thanks for the dinner bro . The steamed egg was jin ho jia man. :D help me thank your Ahma again! :)
Few clues in killing of Colo. prison chief: A man who dedicated his career to working in the prison system was... twitterurl
Is my body like a man? Tu namanya aftermath of a workout bodoh. At least I don't have flabby fleshy fats. I don't ok.
so many people have listened to my "When I Was Your Man" cover but it's not that good to me hahaha. I'll never be satisfied with myself.
Life is not about how many A's you get in examination, life is about how you survive to live.be strong man! meet the new beginning of life!
1, iM not a Guy so dont call me "SON" idc if youre from newyork and 2, Youre pathetic Accuse of a Man. twitterusername
Think singaporean need this man. Go out uhs see people's face macam i owe them money never return them. The face... twitterurl
??twitterusername ??twitterusername I mean where's fluffy ????far out man.. I'm fluffy as well??? OH MY GOD,YOU'RE BOTH FLUFFY AND BUNNY
I swear I've never laughed so much in my life. ALI YOU FUCKING HILARIOUS RETARD! Gonna miss this dude man. Im serious.
Do you also feel insecure? I meant you're so god damn... ??? yeah i feel insecure all the time man no no i'm not p... twitterurl
Happy Birthday bro twitterusername ! How I wish my bday is now haiss . Have a blast one ! See you around someday man !
Stop saying "I wish my mum/dad were better". Shut up man, srsly. Some people don't even have their mum and dad by their side.
you sure?!dun wnt lah later your crush see then he jealous... ??? Hahaha calm your tits man :) Its fine laaa twitterurl
"When I'm in love, I want to give everything in my life for you." - Inifnite A Man In Love   AWWW~ hehe
Fucking hate to text when i watching video with my phone. FUCK MAN THE VIDEO WILL RESTART AND BY THE TIME IT LOAD FINISH, A NEW TEXT COME.
everyone say is...  then i chs nt to listen? idk. i follow. but wrgly andfind our realise.. the real one wtf is tis. fkin kiddin me man nia
Why would you even?! RT twitterusername Man charged with beating monkey to death in an Idaho's zoo last year pleads guilty twitterurl
Hahahahahaha gary forgive me for bitching abt the pits so sorry so sorry u are a kind man, but the hairs really gotta gooooo.
Why have this person been appearing in my dream for more than 3 times alr ! Im not even close to the person ?? give me a sign man
Why My iPhone Is Better as a Dumbphone:      When people see my iPhone they're like, "My God, man, do you have... twitterurl
Not Guilty Plea in Usher Stepson Death: Man pleads not guilty to charges in boating death of music star Usher'... twitterurl
how do i show my crush i like him? ??? Aww man, i really don't know >.< Hinting him? Its important not too look de... twitterurl
Oh yes this man fucking this RT twitterusername We all have that one friend. (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Taught new staff in the morning. Attended to office mainline. Talk for a few hours. Feeling like an old man now. Just wanna cuddle & sleep.
Man United have stepped up their interest in Stoke GK Asmir Begovic, 25, by sending a scout to watch him in Bosnia's 3-1 win over Greece
What should a real man be able to do? ??? First of all, not be Asian. Secondly, no swag. Thirdly, all class. Lastl... twitterurl
No. RT twitterusername [Survey] What do you think about running along with Running Man cast in Malaysia? tell us about it....
Prison for shining laser at aircraft: A 19-year-old California man is sentenced to two and a half years in pri... twitterurl
Sometimes, think realistically man . How old are you ? 17 ? U are still too young to think of all those adult-ish decisions okay .. Zzz
my ear is friggin bengkak.... case tknk buang duit. kimais one stretcher 10 bucks man. so you expect me to buy one stretcher for each mm? no
IK has taken the bit about being a one man party, a tad too seriously. #Rawalpindi #Peshawar #Lahore #Mianwali #PTI -- No?
i feel like buying out that 18k nmb one -_- but i wan to reserve my $ for the akb one first. fuck man -_-
When the man goes to the pond, and fishes for a certain fish for a very long time, somehow the fish never tugs the line.
He went mad, and no one would talk to him about his problems. They only talked to the other man, who had just stolen someone's purse.
Mums, it???s time to reward your man. Take it up several notches and surprise him with erotic sex that he will... twitterurl
When we don't have a clear vision, we will be mindful of the things of man, not the things of God. - TYP
If being good to people means I'm soft and let people say I'm a not a 'man', then fuck it im gonna be the old self. :)
you can go around making up stories about how fucked up we are but bro , when you had no one else ... we were there for you man .
girls get mad over the stupidest shit man. "She fake cause she didn't say hi to me" maybe cause I didn't see yo muthafuckin ass ??
Omg rude people. They can ask me if they can wait for their food at my table but they can't thank the man who brought them their food.
It's not funny to wake up to this kind of news. It never is funny. It's depressing actually. Argh???? What the shit man
Actually woke up laughing about yesterday's commotion. And laughing at The fact that people choose Cunts over Friends. WAY TO GO MAN
Heard that Whiskey Nose is retiring at the end of the season, replaced by a bitter man, David Moyes #football #rumours #bullshit
Happy 69th Birthday to the man I???m naming my firstborn after, the swashbuckling Ghanaian politician of our time Nana Akufo-Addo!
You wanna get big, you gotta eat big man. COME ON! RT twitterusername COME ON ! "twitterusername It's okay, still i got my own things to do already."
A man who will never need to get an abortion mansplains to us about how women should not take the ??easy way out???. twitterurl
"twitterusername According to the Bible, God sent 2 bears to murder 42 children because they had mocked a bald man" Hey CCKsians. 42 = 1 class
Football: Chelsea consign Man United to FA Cup exit: Holders Chelsea kept one hand on the FA Cup by overcoming... twitterurl
How to live and not survive? What's going on with my life man.. I'm surviving each day and not living it. This isn't right.
I really need to say this cant believe this woman traded herself. To a man becoz she simply cant do anything herself n now she's his dog -.-
.twitterusername twitterusername #protip on figuring out if it???s sexist: ask yourself - would you do the same if it were a man?
Nah ini RT twitterusername Cech jugaaaa! Edhaaan! RT twitterusername Mata juga!  RT twitterusername Ba RT twitterusername Who was your man of the match?
Real man prove it through actions, not just talking and act rashly and all.. word of advice for you since we used to get along quite well b4
??twitterusername Lol, if you hate me say it to my face not talk behind my back? Be a man. You have balls for what if you're scared ?? LOL.???
Good bye Felix and Wilfred now headin back to Greater London. Nice im on coach sitting next to an Irish man
Chinese couple sped past a girl walking her dog on the pavement & yelled at her for obstructing the walkway. If I could I'd summon them man!
"twitterusername twitterusername bahaha and I thank you because you're one fine man to lepak with bro" so true. he is so original
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
Me And The Homie twitterusername Bout To Get To Work Man! This Kat Been Following Me For 4yrs And I Was SLEEPING ON HIM!! #NoLonger
i just can't swallow it. i'll keep a lookout for you man. 4 years of friendship shall not go to waste. i got your back 24/7
Man cleared of murder in trolley bag case gets three years' jail for other charges: The businessman who was cl... twitterurl
I don't have a problem complimenting bitches, but then these hoes be like "why she on my dick or she want my man" like bitch please.
Next time im gonna buy my own fridge if i want to salvage the things i bought. Stop fucking stealing my things man fucking hell.
Man sought by police in case of 'insulting the modesty of a woman': April 04, 2013 12:14 PMPolice are looking ... twitterurl
so funny man today, canteen no place sit except beside me. he saw the empty seat, saw me faster go find other seat.
(cont'd) I'm completely drained man. Spend the whole night up shredded the chicken meat & using the chopsticks to hand fed my tortoise. Zzz~
man fuck telling me what I wanna hear. start showing me what's the fuckin deal tho. . I ain't listening if you gon talk nonsense
Gambler jailed for cheating women of horse race bets: A man who duped four women into giving him $55,000 to pl... twitterurl
yeah man RT twitterusername It doesnt matter if you're using mac or pc. If you take good care of it, it will last.
Sial la. Budak tiga plajar yang buli tu wth man. No humanity sia. I pity the kid that got punched and kicked.
nabei where got ppl do abs do dao want sleep de =.= fuck the tiredness man.. eyes can't open then do workout LOL
WOAH then you're really lucky to have large eyes man.... ??? Hahahaha my eyes isn't that large lah omg.  Turning 18 ~ twitterurl
All la bagus hais if only i can rap eh hahahaha kimais em ladies are the shit man tak bedek go see my recent RT
This old man here touched my mom when she trying to sit beside him. And he think his balls too big ? Need two seats somemore.
I honestly don't care how overrated or underrated SHINee Is. Cause for what I know, they sure are 5 talented man.
having such an unreasonable mother, is this my fate or is this just my life? i've had enough, like seriously, enough man
Who can deny the charm of spanish man? They always be charming and makes me melting. Footballer, racer, tennis player, singer, everything.
Saw one of my followers' tweet abt Running Man.....  And I've just catch the episode of Hyun Joong participating!! In a bookstore.
Man Uses Facebook To Kidnap Teen For Fake Rescue, Then Accidentally Kills Her: Kyle Dube was caught for doing the unthinkable: Donnin...
[News] Body found in Kallang river: Singapore Civil Defence Force said the body of a man in his sixties was fo... twitterurl
Lol ??? RT twitterusername Must be a Mandisa thing then :'D RT twitterusername Choki_D hahahahha then maybe all mandisa's hv a thing for that man?!?
If i didnt care or didnt love you, i would have just walked off and moved on. But neh loved you too much to let you go man
Im sick of chasing after you. I shouldn't be the one chasing after someone. A real man would not let a lady do that.
I love Yazawa just ate there omg loves best it's flown all the way from.Japan finest beef and all man the salad :), I think we ate ten plate
anyways is sm planning to play all these harmony thing with everyone after shinee?! dont overdo it man... people will grow sick and tired.
aww man I already plan with assyifa,dini,tashnime that we're going to stay awake but nope it's a day camp :(
I just don't get them man. They're expecting for guys to go for them and then they're leaving them just like that. Oh gosh
If you were to live on without a choice for a good reason , i see why you did all that . All the best man !
??twitterusername My superhero name is Potato Man and my power is the ability to sit on the couch forever.??? Why so funny sia kau
Man I Need A JIMS Steak Hoagie Right About Now! I Hate That It's Not A Jims In LA UGH!!! #DCMG
Is the Carl's Jr Man of Steel commercial going to be as awkward as the Rise of the Guardians McDonald's one?
totally love Hanbyul-Eric Nam's convo on ASC Hangout. Hanbyul: Are u really Eric? Eric: Yes, I'm Eric.. C'mon man.. #ASC
Why like that. Why. Why. Why. Why I don't feel like studying now. Why am I just on my bed listening to songs. Why man why.
Pengubat rindu ke RT twitterusername Studies have proven that taking the underarm sweat of a man and putting it on a woman???s lips can boost her mood.
Finally man. I've pulled through the day. Slept like only three hours. Broke record, because I seldom sleep less due to extreme fatigue.
Sorry, she's not my girlfriend in the first place. SUCK IT MOFO! Go and have sex with your ugly cake man! :P
"twitterusername Designers are not stuck up, most of them just have higher self esteem #tpconfessions" how are we even stuck up man.
I think im damn outdated man. Dont have a single clue what's fun run and keek, havent download cause to busy.
It's good to have so many friends in a country international networking is important or will die of boredom in a country man lol
Eating chewing gum.  I think when the rest come,  the gum already lost its flavour.  Come on man..  Say 7pm meet.  Grr
Roumors said  man utd away kid will be white with black colours collar and black stripes like the blue 2nd away kit :D
Why some old "I'm on my last leg" ass person always hitting Mega millions. Man.... Jesus, though I don't gamble Can I just get a taste?!?
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively
The aftermath of the break up? Oh ya, I suffered a lot and kept on whining to people. But now, things change man.
Monsef's second goal reminds me of Kaka's second against Man Utd in 06/07 CL SF 1st leg. Coming against two DFs, beat them to clear his way.
"And My Cousin Went To Jail For Them Chickens And He Already Home Man That Nigga Must Be Snitching Cut Him Off Like Karate"
idk man even tho I say I hate y'all a lot but deep down I really wanna hug you guys #3YEARSWITHINFINITE
Newcastle midfielder Yohan Cabaye could move to Man United after the 27-year-old spoke of his admiration for the Old Trafford club
Isn't it a sin for her to smile like that? RT??twitterusername guys guys, we are damn dogs. we're going to hell man HAHAHHA twitterusername twitterusername
Black Five > Pointe du Hoc: Someone You Should Know This man never set foot on the ground on D-Day or for some... twitterurl
oh man, this press con. I feel for Ross Brawn. Must not feel good when you have 4 pissed off team principals sat around you...
Her green plastic watering can for her fake chinese rubber plant, In the fake plastic earth, that she bought from a rubber man
LAst month or last last month I watched iron man 3 and I got obsession with that guy now i have obsession with the smiths
Loads of transfer gossip today - Arsene Wenger apparently does have the money to sign the Manchester United man, plus the Gunners have
When you hate high technology & your old man ask for help. But you cant help it cause his laptop is way too slow to run internet explorer
#888 pretty, cute & crazy bby. Miss you & you are turning 15 soon aye. Miss those sec 2 times where we were always together man. Love you*:
To the guy who posted the list of rankings of girls from each class: go do some soul searching man. Rank girls by marks. You shallow bro.
Just stupid ??twitterusername Ppl really post there are a hit man on Craig's list???? LMAFO they asking to go to jail???
Talking to my wife twitterusername can be the world's best thing ever in my life, always can make me laugh until i stomach pain and cry man!
My boy quis used to say J Rrrr !!! (Talking about JR smith) the best player in the NBA (while he was still 6th man)
God doesn't create anything in lack. He doesn't feed our greed. Yes. But neither is God a miserly old man. - Phil Pringle.
Makes u feel like a horny Kardashian? RT twitterusername Damn man, still listening to his song. He turned rap into art. KING!
she's a good driver man. i'm so proud of her!!! ?? RT twitterusername twitterusername Are you sure you wanna be in that car right now ??
??twitterusername twitterusername No That Man.. Go Listen To What He Really Said???lol idk what song its on ; i never heard it .
I wake up in da morning take a piss wash ma hands take a knee thank da man n get back to da money
Det songs det starts playn >> ??twitterusername Weed iS From Thee Earth , God Put This Here For Meh And You ,Take Advantage Man Take Advantage !
lol taemin tighten his fist when he saw his wife's drama photo of linking arms w another man and also in wedding dress
Eh fk mosquitoes man!!! I mean i don't mind you biting me and sucking my blood but PLEASE DON'T MAKE IT ITCH >:(
Hey bro!im good,the team's doing good too bottom 3 in the table right now haha miss you man in the team,hope ure doin okay:)
Dave, that bear of a man^^ is like my protector when times get hard, we always have fun and things never get awkward between us^^
??twitterusername Football: Man U legends Giggs, Neville and Butt in town on June 14 for meet-the-fans session. See twitterurl !!!
Wounded everywhere and I start to wonder why. But then it hits me. Yeah man, I live in the kitchen now.
Can't wait for tomorrow cause tmr I'm finally seeing my man after a decade. Lol just kidding. Its only been a day.
A young man has become the first person to die of dengue in the current epidemic in Singapore twitterurl via twitterusername
If someone has got the guts to ruin your relationships, he/she should have the guts to man up to the people rumoured about.
Man, I'm Not Gettin No More Social Network Crap!! I'm Sticking Wit My Twitter, IG and Facebook! Yaw Can Hold Dat Otha Stuff Down #DCMG
trying to absorb CST but i just bloody cant i mean this shit is cray man i didnt sign up fo' diz shiz
Aye man is my cream cheese cake frosting over there?? RT twitterusername Hook It UpRT twitterusername What do I really wanna eat tonight!!!
"twitterusername A woman can be with any man in the world she wants to be with, but yet, she chooses you. Please don't take her for granted."
CNT is a good man. Don't hate the player hate the game ??? K. Just t let yknw, hate is a strong word. Dont jump in... twitterurl
How do you know that you have been brozoned? ??? when they call you bro? Idk man, isnt being brozoned good, it mea... twitterurl
Sir alex, eventhough you retire this season.. i am hoping that i can see you in every man utd match like how sir bobby charlton did. :)
Watching tv, wondering if all wrestling guys get waxed and seriously, how is walking around in tight, glittery man-tys comfortable?
man fck these niggas, swear I care bout everything BUT these niggas, iont care i SO WHAT THESE NIGGAS, take the knife out & cut these niggas
Man this sucks I wanna watch payphone&i want it that way cover by twitterusername twitterusername but I can't view due to phone lagging -.-
Sarah misses Fitriah a lottttt aww when was the last ... ??? What last time man....... it's been too long that I t... twitterurl
a big honour n respect to my most fav footballer, DAVID BECKHAM.. He cried in his last game.. U r great man..
"And the LORD said unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him;"  #verseoftheday
Johny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Steve O, Wee Man and some more assholes from Jackass, cky, nitro circus,viva la bam. Everlasting entertainment
Why do I just have to listen to every word people say and get affected by it? Fuck this shit man
This year is really a great year for me totally. Yesterday graduation and Friday Birthday. Make my 20th birthday memorable man ??
Fuck that man ! Staying at khatib really sucks :(  RT:??twitterusername i srsly dislike the journey from YCK to Khatib, kns fckn long sia.???
Eluding the boys from trying to eat me up, nevertheless their great physiques cause I know that my only man has captured my heart & I'm his.
likka boss with my wireless keyboard and mouse sitting on my sofa chair with my man u pillow on my lap hehehe
"twitterusername I saw a man at the beach yelling "Help, Shark, Help!!!" I just laughed, I knew that shark wasn't going to help him."
Today twitterusername showed me Superior Spider-Man and I'm now gonna read some. He lost points for suggesting that Tetris belongs in the 80s, tho
While we're kissing and entangled, I let my hand wond... ??? You've gotta staph man. Haha are you Christian grey? Lol twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] A man accused of setting fire to a Sydney nursing home pleads guilty to the murd...: A m... twitterurl #singapore
Someone accused me of wearing a man utd top, it's England, it cricket (red training top, with Vodafone) - brighter red, not scum red
Each time I wanna start dreaming on smthg, I'll think to myself, "can I achieve it". It's like I don't even wanna try man
WHOA!! lots of good movies will be shown in the theater soon!! looking forward to watch man of steel! and the hangover!
OMF  this man got the strong clorets smell from his breath when he said excuse me if its dark secret i alr twisting with the mrt pole.
ortus is damn cool sia, not just can they play running man, they have a freaking pool table in their room #CanIChangeConsortium
??twitterusername Don't ask fm if you got a problem with me. Be a man with a dick and a woman with a pussy???
The man who always got my back! Thank you baby for coming down to sappork me! & look, we look good in?? twitterurl
Why am i hearing what it seems to be a man wailing or crying idk what loudly omg this is freaking me out
#546 a lady of simplicity. Humble, kind and gorgeous. I hope you last long with your man and I hope to see you soon. Tc (;
#25 YOU DA BEST MAN. REALLY. LIKE SERIOUSLY REALLY NO JOKE. cant say enough for this guy really it's some next level brotherhood shit *O*
I will gas out all those bloody ants I don't care man Mayday Parade is my musical saviour they are not allowed to break up.
Can't believe Haha oppa's coming to Sg in a month time , I wanna see him so much!  #Running #man #playboy #kiddy #with #loves
Bringing up the rear was central bank governor Nguyen Van Binh. 42% of delegates had "low confidence" in man who's helped stabilise currency
??twitterusername "twitterusername Is it just me or is my ex bf's ex gf sitting right in front of me in the train" It's you??? yeah man
I can't hold it in man. I feel like picking a fight with you again. Seriously. I miss the arguments we had.
I was wroonnngggg .... RT twitterusername "Although it hurts, I'll be the first to say that I was wrong." ???twitterusername (When I Was Your Man)
Maybe one day you'll realize that a friend was waiting for you all along you're just so stupid to give it all up because you're a sick man
Finally done with mapping out orchard for my little soon-to-be-man. Yawns. Gotta head to bed now and kun. Goodnai
Finally man, I can muster enough energy to start tackling on doing my tasks. Ltr must call my psychologist & go down to sch to print notes.
Prvs rt ; Im used to getting hurt before but when a man appreciates me i can feel that . And so i wont pushed him away .
I need something to do. Coz if I don't, I will go I sleep and miss lessons again. Movie or running man maybe? I think I'll choose movies
why ah when my parents angry at me they always call my full name stop it man my name not nice lah sia
Planning agendas to deal with in GE meeting... oh man what else am I missing :O Thought of many but lost all again =="
Lucky to have my man layan me at 230 am just to hear me moan whine and gripe about period cramps
Mother tells of Dubai 'torture': The mother of British man Grant Cameron, who is accused of drug offences in D... twitterurl
how are people even watching iron man 3 A SECOND TIME?! I HAVEN'T WATCH IT YET BUT IM DYING TO OMG
I am sorry, Kishore, I cannot take a man who has a big red Play button on his nose, seriously. twitterurl
Too much is when my iPhone auto corrects the mini in mini workout to mink. ?? mini workout > dinner > iron man 3!!!
Its quite disturbing to be raised to know man & woman are equal and yet your highest religious parliament still bans women. Weird.
Man Utd Signs David Moyes to 6-Year Contract to Become Club's New Manager -- Sir Alex's Reaction in Team Stream (via twitterurl
When a man stares at another woman for longer than 9 seconds, he wishes she were his. OR MAYBE SHE IS OOGLAY THATS WHY
Bryan staying in my house = me everyday angry -.- he doesn't listen omgosh. Ask him slp he go play psp what on earth man.
Im such a weird to-the doe person :-P xsuke filem iron man, battleship, hunger games, avengers n etc sbb rase filem cenggitu sgt mmbosankn
Yeah, dumb. I'm sorry man if I did cause any harm to anyone or you. Never did intend to do so. I'm sorry for wasting your time.
so funny just now after class,masliyana is like totally talking about she wearing iron man suit going into wei lun room.lolololol
Oi! QT twitterusername MURANGA SENATOR #KembiGitura files application to fight petition lodged by a 31-year-old man claiming to be his son.
A married man told me that men will lose interest in his wife when she's no longer sexy. Precisely why I hate men.
April accused 'offered sleepover': A jury sees video evidence from a 10-year-old girl telling how the man accu... twitterurl
Why not bus-stop? Give 2 reasons. ??? Where got timw for bus stop. You want violent, make a show in school man.... twitterurl
"twitterusername By the 10th Kanina, I knew that this cab ride is going to be a long one." plus midnight charges. Fuck man good luck
Cleveland man charged over 10-year captivity of women: US prosecutors charged a 52-year-old bus driver on Wedn... twitterurl
Its gonna be a walk in the park for Man City in the FA Cup final. Bastards! Bring back the romance of the Cup, Wigan!
Horrible news. Please stay safe whenever you're near the road. Even if the green man shows, ensure all vehicles have stopped before crossing
can't imagine the emotions a man has to go through when writing the "if I don't come back" letter to his wife before going to war
#Respect rt twitterusername Saw a man putting up PAS flags. He saw a BN flag fall to the ground, picked it up, set it right.
Oi! QT twitterusername Definition of Marriage: It's an agreement in which a man loses his bachelor degree and a woman gains her masters.
How can guys build their top all the way w/o working on their legs and all. It's all about being proportionate man. #youlooklikeabrocolli
FT: Man United 3-0 Aston Villa. Hattrick by Robin Van Persie. Well, he didn't wear the No.20 for nothing ;) #CHAMP20NS
Fantastic game. Man United deserved to be Champions. On the flip side Arsenal has to give them a guard if honor come sunday.
pitbull is one bloody business man rapper.like so bloody weird to see a rapper wearing a suit and tie jumping around with half naked latinos
I slept too early now I'm awake oh man but I want to be productive yeah ;) flew all the way to accompany me
Fucked up thing about this worls is some women frown upon a man that uses his vocabulary rather than substituting profanity....
lol...20 Champion scarves already started selling outside Old Trafford just an hour later after Spurs beat Man City. this is efficient!!!
Missed my last day of work because sick :( and I'm supposed to go out  shopping too today and watch Iron Man 3 tomorrow fUUUUUUUU
In case you missed it: Robert Downey Jr played key role in steering superhero's character development in Iron Man 3 twitterurl
As safe as Singapore is, there is no harm knowing how to protect yourself. Read about how one man???s wife was... twitterurl
War News Updates > A Look At The Surviving Victims Of The Boston Marathon Bombing: Man Who Lost Both Legs In B... twitterurl
I saw twitterusername in a Starhub family time commercial before the Iron Man 3 show. Whoa, congratz on being Robert Downey Jr's Opening act!
We finished racking up before 10:15pm and lepak all the way inside storeroom for the EOD eventhough having 1 man down
From the scale 1 to 10 . I give 20 . Like seriously . Full of excitement , emotion and action . Last of Iron Man :(
tjie meratiin kuyun RT twitterusername "Kyu looked like a really crazy boy in rockstar" He's really crazy man =.= it's not look like but real lmao
Helped a guest with her luggage out to the pick up point and She pointed to a younger man saying, "Yay! My husband is here" (Uuumm.. what?)
I've never watched the avengers, iron man 1 and 2, harry potter, gi joe..and some other cool movies hahah am i a loser huhuh
Hugs have no sexual boundaries. I can hug a man, I can hug a woman. There is nothing wrong about hugs, right?
''the greatest gift a man can give is to lay his life upon the line so that someone else might live.''
Still can be so confident and say I don???t trust you is it. You should look at your own face when you lie man.
Man fined $3k for biting girlfriends daughter on the chest: A SECURITY manager got drunk and bit the 14-year-o... twitterurl
VIDEO: Global reaction as Man Utd boss retires: People around the world have been reacting to the news that Ma... twitterurl
Willing to get tweetjailed for SIR ALEX FERGUSON. Im really sad that United will lose the greatest man ever. #respect #legend #SAF #MUFC
I think Sir Alex Ferguson has done enough to keep Man-U up without him for atleast several years ahead. =/ That guy is an awesome manager.
Here also need black and white first  there also need a black and white first. Fucking get a life man! Fuck those paper works! #FkYourBrains
If I were a boy, i think I could understand how it feels to love a girl i swear ill be a better man
Goodbye sir Alex Ferguson! You're legend pakcik! Thanks coz make your fanatic fans proud of this team man. You are so high. #GGMU
I failed my TP hence I want to vocate to a combat unit to gain other things but this mother-fuckers keep insisting on stuff like store man..
Not a problem! take care brother?? RT twitterusername twitterusername awww. Thanks faik??. Gonna miss you to man! Ohh and thanks for the treat faik.
Photo: If it is really true, there is nothing I can do about it. When you???re out, please be a better man.... twitterurl
Ugly Singaporeans. This old man has problem with his legs, and no one give up their seats. More than 12 year of education wasted.
And so I heard about Atletico wanting Gomez. Shit you, you already have my Pizzi and now you want my Italian man. Jerk off.
I can believe she???s a pure conduit for art as expression because, man, she is not articulate in any sense.
Omg. I touched by sunhee couple, kwanghee is a real man. If my love is like him,I will also cry like sunhwa. #wgm #kwanghee #sunhwa
True! QT twitterusername The fact that many women don't want the good guy, is a poor excuse not to be a good man.
watched Dongjun's smoking cut in A Company Man -lots of comments.. ZE:A's company has strict no-smoking rule, i doubt he smokes in real life
You're annoyed when I study you're annoyed when I don't you're annoyed when I love football & when I'm not doing no shit man. What's wrong?!
[News] Man's trial in online vice ring case to continue at later date: The case of the third man claiming tria... twitterurl
Alps crash driver's bravery praised: The actions of a British man who died when the coach he was driving crash... twitterurl
And for all of his bravado, a trained military man couldn't find enough courage in him to go to a civilian prison.
Lauu galauuuRT twitterusername Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me, and?? ? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ???
So I saw a guy wearing a Man Utd jersey . I said unto him " GGMU ". He responded in a very chinese-sounded language . SKALI CHINAMAN !
House mate gotten herself a black cat. Man, I can't wait to invite my superstitious friends over for a hang out! ;)
So boring, Ms Tay whatsapped me earlier ago & said got Lifekills. Haizz, like so lazy to go man. Can i come late?
I want a man who is willing to give up his life for me cause I am willing to give up mine for someone I truly love.
#H7N9 IN #TAIWAN: 53-year-old man showed H7N9 symptoms 3 days after returning to Taiwan from work in Suzhou, China
"twitterusername Saw twitterusername at tp. The moment we saw each other we hug. Lol awkward sia"why awkward? we always do the hugging man
Watched trust. Great movie, i'm so touched by the ending :') But why didn't that man get caught, throw into jail instead of enjoying... ??
Nevermind la. You guys think that seeing your own gf/bf on bed more than once u all just keep quiet right? Hahaha lets see man
I remember once i was youtubeing videos about caviar and somehow I ended up watching a video of a man squeezing fish eggs out of its belly
Finally done with round 1 running man! Planned for 2-3hours gosh. There are 3 rounds, I think I will go crazy! Oh well, goodnight !
Reached home. I'm farking drained man. I've taken my night psych meds, #Mirtazapine (30mg). Don't know if got strength to do one more task.
She's moved on,probably deep gone with someone who treats her right.I can't imagine the time they're having cause every man be satisfied.??
My bro just insulted me for eating breakfast..C'mon man I need energy to think. Not like you. Don't even think so ofcourse don't need eat la
How to Open 24 Beer Bottles at Once:  Got a lot of friends visiting? Man, it's going to be boring to open each... twitterurl
My dear prince my beloved the man I love dearly ...just where are you right not twitterusername how are u feeling? Say or happy??
Honey complexion body of goddess 22's on a Lexus,named Alexis By the way of Texas Big face Rolexes While she's undressing, man I'm stressing
Swansea Leon Britton wants to see Scott Sinclair return to the Swans after he was told he is surplus to requirements at Man City
"Omg Batman is the worst Marvel character ever. Iron Man is way better." First of all. FUCK YOU. Secondly, Batman is from DC and not Marvel
U gotta love danny's voice when hes singing the man who cant be moved. Now I cant move. Too tired. Thanks danny
[YH!SG-FB] Chelsea's Juan Mata strikes at the death to stun Man Utd 1-0 and move the Blues...: Chel... twitterurl #singapore
nak besar or kecik??? ??? obviously its small because guys who have balls wont ask these questions to girls. man u... twitterurl
Oh my god, The theme music for insanity workout the best man ! When you're about to finish the song is like some hero emerging !
Man there was no service at Chipping Campden so couldn't post anything but it is MAGICAL and also we had our first (mini) hailstorm HEHE
director of avengers after watching iron man 3 "Now what am I supposed to do now? What am I going to do in Avengers 2?" lol
LOL PATHETIC MUCH RT twitterusername The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel.
[ST] Car slams into coffee shop table, tree; man arrested: May 14, 2013 9:38 AMA witness to a crash... twitterurl #singapore
Man, it just feels so weird that we have to remove still-healthy body parts to avoid dying. This leads to cyborg bodies someday.
Which song in the world has the most memories/meaning stored within in your opinion?... ??? When i was your man // BM twitterurl
Couldn't anybody see a blind man was in need of so much help to look for the correct bus to go home?
So today is Dixon's last day at Ministry of International Trade and Industry. Bigger challenges in life is awaiting. *BroFist  Man*.
??twitterusername Not that I get the whole #team140 thing, but man there are some AMAZING up tempo tunes out in the past months!??? ;D
Thanks for always giving me another chance.. i'm sorry i've been hurting u continuously. No other man can tolerate me unlike u, muhd alias??????
If upstairs complain about me making boom boom boom from my speakers, I'll drill their door man, like how they drill early in the morning
??twitterusername Its okay man u.. its okay mata its your second game.. still have next game its ok its ok #GGMU???
Man our English sub must've been dropping some kinda holy acid, brought to America by Jesus himself. Bruh was doing a lot.
Okay the story quite intriguing I tell ttl tonight I promise...another reason to never trust a man esp in love
When I ever will do is doubt that the man will betray me ... im ugly not smart not witty and there are plenty of women alround so stop
Let me get this straight. The man in charge of health in Baringo county is bipolar, shot 4 people w/poisonous arrows & ended up killing one?
Watching a documentary about a man with his twin brother growing inside his belly for 36 years eating him from inside out like a parasite
To those who are afraid of taking risks. You're a wuss. You got no balls man. Life is tough, be tough, get tough.
Do you watch running man ? Or any other korean show you've ever watched before ? ??? nope, skang x minat laa hehe twitterurl
"twitterusername Inter Milan are close to agreeing a deal to sign Nemanja Vidi?? from Man United in the summer. (Source: Sky Italia)" noooo
I am used to the man very dear to me leaving (aka daddy) I can move on from guys who meant nothing.
War News Updates > This Is The Man Who Will Be Slashing The U.S. Defense Budget: Photo: Robert Orton Work. Wik... twitterurl
Running Man Ep 183.... says gary and jihyo is super compatible thru the help of experts... i guess if they are together thats really fated
Just witnessed an elderly man, prolly mid 50s, snapping away a picture of foreign workers taking up the mrt seats. Ohhh now im paranoid.
[CNA] Jail, cane for man who beat up two others: An odd-job worker was on Tuesday jailed four years... twitterurl #singapore
my old friend suddenly texted me going "OMFG HAD U CAN SING????" wtf man that was kinda rude?? everyone can sing???
not feelin it today man am I just gonna keep bringing my instrument to school to give me comfort yeah probably
Back then was the shit man RT twitterusername twitterusername jom ah i miss those times we hang out at orchard till late night manz )-:
Punk bitch walking tall like you got something to prove. Nah man, cause deep down you know it sucks to be you!
"twitterusername Inter Milan are close to agreeing a deal to sign Nemanja Vidi?? from Man United in the summer. (Sky Italia)"\
I'm half a man at best. With half an arrow in my chest. Cuz I miss everything we do, I'm half a heart without you.
Man fined $41,000 for having 32 wild and endangered animals in Toa Payoh flat: February 06, 2014 12:41 PMIt wa... twitterurl
you are mine doesnt mean i need to control you 24/7.You are free to anything man but agak-agah ah
[TheVerge] Alleged Silk Road owner pleads not guilty to all charges: Ross Ulbricht, the 29-year-old man accused of operating the digi...
Next week, against man u arh arsenal? Haha then back again to face liverpool and then bayern, haha good luck arsenal HAHAHHAHA
So... I was sitting beside this man in the MRT earlier on and he was constantly vomiting into that small plastic bag he had. I was....afraid
when a female is used to getting hurt, she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her, so she ends up pushing him away
I think I'm obsessed with running man, either that or I'm just using it as a distracting and something to look forward to.
Stupid bloody shitty as NUS email I spent an hour tryna send ONE email to 15 diff professors not funny ah sial buck up ur system man
How hurt it can be seeing my old man lying on his bed for months and barely talk. I miss you laughter atuk.
Aniyekeni amandoda abantu, njalo nje wena ubusy commenting kwi insta ye ndoda yomuntu. Clearly u want em 2 notice u. Get ur own man. Hau.
Whatever...I'm tired of worrying for that man twitterusername ...where ever you are stay safe be it taiwan or korea...i have no energy as it is
??twitterusername The record for the longest kiss is 32 hrs, 7 mins and 14 secs.???how come man yucks this is lunatic
[TheVerge] US military's 'Iron Man' armor will be ready for testing by June, says admiral: The first prototypes for the??US military's...
Still can't find The Attorney ...darn twitterusername i hate u ...i will find it cos i wanna see u act ...man it hard
N-A-B-E-H. IMH is chasing the hospitalization money from me. Didn't I thought it was deducted from my Medisave? No? Screwed it man.
stay away from any black man that tells our women to stop wearing blonde weave "b/c it represents self hate." He probably has an Ankh tattoo
Man City midfielder Yaya Toure is fit for Sunday's Premier League trip to Newcastle after overcoming a minor ankle knock suffered in midweek
i always have fun watching how the turkish ice cream man fool around his customers with his skills at clark quay hahaha
Don't you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret, waiting to die alone...
No more drinking, no more party, no more wasting my life away. Yes, gotta be a man and start doing smth for myself. twitterurl
It's against my own rules. But fuck it. It's the love of your life. Put my ego down for the man I love the most.
Japan was probably a much-needed break for my man, but I'm so glad he is coming home today. Having a sidekick makes things so much better.
Man United fear Robin van Persie could be on the sidelines for another six weeks with a repeat of the thigh injury he suffered at Arsenal.
Hema Malini is rare example of a strong women, didn't change her religion post marriage & also chose to marry a married man. #Modern #Change
He was the one who watched me grow up. Gosh, I dated him when I was 16. Now he is a man and ready for a new life.
BULLSHIT. like as if these ppl dsrve anthg gd RT twitterusername 16 Things You Learn When You???re The Other Woman/Man twitterurl
editing is the most god damn impt thing for video man.. seriously -.- lol! if you can't edit why even do film at the first place lol
Imagine Onew go to running man and he make some weird joke to Jaesuk. I bet he will be the 'second' Kwangsoo
Just Finished Up A GREAT Session Wit twitterusername Man! Got Some Great Stuff On Her Project. Getting Ready For Session #2 #WORK #DCMG
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man controls for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.
Man like Smoggy (benefits street) "inundated with job offers since starring on the show an now works as a delivery driver." Good on the lad
So tempted to go and get myself the planner now home alone is not good la you get depressed what on earth man
When my friends talk about you, all it does is just tear me?? ?? When I Was Your Man by twitterusername (w/ Idriawan) ??? twitterurl
COME AT ME! i will dodge all your attacks! ??? Oh really? Are you superman, or IP man or something? Nah you cant e... twitterurl
New richest man in Asia on Bloomberg Index is Macau gambling tycoon: Lui Che-woo, the head of Macau casino ope... twitterurl
Spent 100++ on clothes I never try I am seriously not cut out for work man the pay I get I spend it x2
I hope Running Man will still as funny as now when I could rewatch them on my deathbed. Die laughing, it's the dream.
The man said I can't post the picture he sent me here. But since he claims he no longer reads my twitter.......
Man I'm done with people like you,I hope you change your view on others,just don't judge people around you
Saw an old Chinese man with a few medallions around his neck, a songkok on his head & a Barbie atop that, held in place with a rubber band..
When keeping them in camps broke down or why so man were able to stream into Eastleigh is a question that' needs to be asked.
The top 4 in the Barclays Premier League are playing each other in FA Cup 5th round. Man City v Chelsea. Arsenal v Liverpool.
They are all slacking when GN isn't working! Everything is just a mess at the back. Buck up man. Especially YOU, sword. Yes. SWORD.
so selfish. youre only thinkinh abt ur feelings and what about mine? have u ever took the initiative? fucking no man
I just love the man he's becoming and once he gets his situation in control he's gonna make someone extremely happy even if it isn't me
ze horticulture man w his shaved ice hairstyle. HAHAHAHA cause its thick and all waxed to the back. making it look like the wind.
That sums it up twitterusername RT twitterusername sturridge seems to have been the man of the first half twitterusername - then he started playing rugby
A study suggests women can tell if a man is a cheater just by looking at him, but men can't do the same with women.
Dude on my TL talking about how he likes getting his ass eaten... the FUCK man that's a new level of faggot
As a Liverpool and Holland fan, I can really appreciate the Man United bedsheets and Germany jersey my uncle got me twitterurl
The guy who ran over the brothers in tampines only got a 2 week jail sentence and a ban from driving for 5 years. What is this man
Instead of taking a bullet for someone, why not just push the dude out of the way... gotta think smarter man.
Beg ur bf 4 sex? Nah man that's just sad. Let him beg 4 it till u give up just 4 fun sometimes.
[Y!] Young man jumps from third floor of NTU residence hall: A 23-year-old male jumped from the thi... twitterurl #singapore
One hour, two minutes and thirty nine seconds. Man. When was the last time I was on the phone for more than half an hour.
I man just thought a stray kitten belonged to me and he compliment saying I have a adorable cat. And I was like krik krik....
"twitterusername Some of these 11 and 12 year olds be talking about "I need a man who.." No, you just need to do your homework."
it fucking sucks when people look down on you. Whatever man, i'm going to prove them wrong, i'm going to do it silently.
Say hello to Carl Choi, Privy member and a man who is helping to change the face of Asian and Asian  twitterurl
This is an insult man! Someone called the cops, and said that WE the foreign workers are making so much of a din. FOREIGN WORKERS!! Haha.
I'm totally not a man u fan but they have all the right to celebrate now because they're coming back from the bottom. It's a good feeling!
Wts. I totally cannot stand this man right infront of me scratching himself like nobody's business. Hello uncle, pls don't stand near me
[TRE] ???LKY is a smart man, but he is not always right???: (10 Oct) ??? Burma and Singapore have a share... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] The 35-year-old Singaporean man, James Raj, who was charged for hacking the Ang...: The 35-y... twitterurl #singapore
I just realized you don't follow me on twitter so I can'... ??? Thank you Jo. It`s been awhile since we hung out man. twitterurl
Would you like to be famous and for what reason? ??? The man who saved the world and the cats in singapore from da... twitterurl
Forgive people who got mad about the old man having ice recovery in a dustbin at ISN. They just lack exposure... :)
I don't talk that much...Unless you're my mom...or my man or something. But when I do speak I'm super bold.
Oftentimes men consider marrying a woman hoping she never changes while a woman considers marrying a man she hopes she can change.
SG is too much! Racist is one thing... Animal-cist also? Are you serious?! Come on man! Other countries also never ever banned cats.. -.-
You have a man face. Will you do plastic surgery to change y... ??? Sure, if you pay for it:) kinda short on cash now twitterurl
Old woman fr me "twitterusername Going back so late at this hour on a working day. This isnt what an old man does."
No dude! Who the hell are thinking of man?! Haha ??? WHAT CAN YOU ASK AGAIN BECAUSE I DONT GET THE QUESTION twitterurl
The guys in my class so looking forward for this talk when im here......is it a must for us? Hahahahah.awkward man
"twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show a girl he cares about her, even if he already has her. #truth"
No way! I won't be like him. His story is too sad. Too heavy to carry! He's a man with strong heart. Salute.
did you see anyone you didn't expect to be there? did... ??? Yeah man I did see some people I didn't expect to see... twitterurl
Body of Vietnamese man recovered from waters off East Coast Park beach: November 26, 2013 11:07 AMThe body of ... twitterurl
As the reds go marching On, On, On!!! ?? Glory Glory Man United (feat. Jenny Bae) by The World Red Army ??? twitterurl
You may choose not to reply my question, cos i know its pretty personal. ... ??? Thanks man you're really sweet la:') twitterurl
He told me, "no ones going to love you as much as I do, but I just can't be the man u need me too."
Man goat looks sooo young and what a set of lungs hongki has ...but sex god still can entice me and hold my attention
If your grown and your in a relationship with a male he should be your man Hun not nigga ! A nigga can fuck with anybody . JS
Men think it's every woman's dream to find the perfect man. Actually, every woman's dream is to eat anything without getting fat.
Nothing could possibly be more awkward than guests taking photos of/with you like dude wtf I don't wanna see that online man come on
How are you a GROWN ass man afraid to speak to a woman? Son leave your balls in your purse and sit down to pee forever
Get couple shots in me, then walk up to her like "Aye Guh, my man wanna know wassup wit day Nana!"
whoa for a change he read more then two line of your message hehehe twitterusername why Shineee??? man i never thought u would use them
& witness protection has to be looked at more broadly - removing say a man, his wife & kids still leaves other family members in danger
HaHa revealed in Running Man, he was ranked the last on the show - but he doesn't care about the ranking esp cos he's married already!
doesnt mean someone talks to you, someone likes you. and doesnt mean someone likes you, someone loves you. its not as easy as that, man
I swear dis nigga twitterusername be lookin out man!! Dats big homie! I GOT CHU FAM YOU KILLED THAT RECORD!! $$$$$ #DREAMTEAM #DCMG #THECURE
[Y!] Mandela was just a man, and that made what he did extraordinary: John Carlin, the author of th... twitterurl #singapore
Holding on to someone for so long just to see the girl move on to another guy so damn fast is shit man hahahhaahaha
what is a major turn off about a man and a woman? ??? a woman who denies every good quality about herself which is... twitterurl
Man if you go out to eat, you'll see that they NEVER wash thee hands, I don't touch doorknobs lol twitterusername
Maybe i'm not as handsome as disney's prince charming, i'm not that kind of rich boy, i ain't a romantic man. But i still can make you happy
Good Morning from Singapore. Its 3.20am & I can't believe it I just woke up just to watch the match between Man United & Everton #MUNEVE :)
The amazing story of how a man survived at the bottom of the ocean on just a Coke and prayer twitterurl
#Obama at #MandelaMemorial: #Mandela shared his doubts, fears along with victories. Not a bust made of marble, but a man of flesh and blood
"twitterusername jonghyun the kind of kid who would spit and make faces at the old man who yells at him to get out of his yard" LMAO
To that MAN U fan who disrespect Arsenal by posting a picture of you stepping on Arsenal's jersey, yuhuuu where are you now asal senyap
President Obama Doesn???t Have an iPhone ??For Security Reasons???: You would think the most powerful man in the world would be able to pi...
twitterurl twitterusername MAN THAT WAS WORST THEN K.O HUHUHU but it was a two min vid that took me six cos i keep replaying 1.57ish
Whilst my sister laughs to death in her room over running man, I am giggling to death over her dying laughs. Times like this. ???
Vidic, Evra, Smalling and Fellaini all sat out training on Monday morning ahead of Man United's UEFA CL encounter with Shakhtar Donetsk.
Former Man United boss Ron Atkinson claims Moyes is kidding himself if he thinks he has the luxury of a transitional period at Old Trafford.
You know why man u always lose ? Its because of moyes throwing away all the backroom coaches and thats why the players got no mood to play
The difference in management shows how important Man Utd needs someone of Alex's calibre.  But he didn't start on a high neither.
I???m watching Man vs Food and wondering why it???s taken so long for US to get healthcare reform when the food???s a walking health nightmare.
Iron Man and Wolverine are perfectly fun superhero comics. But only Unshelved has elicited actual laughter from me in recent days
twitterurl Did this to the Turkish Ice Cream man once when he tried to punk me. He laughed and I got an extra serving. YEAH
I know you're so fucking mad at me but it doesn't mean you can talk about my past. You've hurt me. This is not cool, man.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is out for 6 weeks due to hamstring injury. That means he'll miss big games against Spurs, Chelsea & Man C
Okay you do not set an ambulance on fire man. That's like shooting down a Red Cross medic in a war.
I think its weird how some1 can be in a "relationship" with some1 theyve never even been face to face with. Fuck all that man
She dirty. RT twitterusername man what the fuck RT twitterusername I bet twitterusername scumbag ass a eat her an dem froot loops twitterurl
Dude, JB can't replace PW in Fast 7 man. No, he looks like a girl in that film beside the crew. NO FUCKING WAY DUDE
Th solver being on top is th only one having wild eyes acting like perfect man preparing th wedding as it is a once In a lifetime experience
The Walking Dead Season 2 Puts Clementine???s Life in Your Hands: When you play The Walking Dead Season 2, you win or you die. Oh man, ...
flower crowns are pretty beyond words i dont care if its a lady or a man wearing them, they're always beautiful
but then I got asked if I was gonna send one and I was like "no" and I s2g I wanted to punch that man
Dear China man, I know you eat all kinds of stuff in your mainland but please don't eat a microphone it makes your voice too loud y'know?
Finally after 4 times its done I've decorated my Christmas tree and I couldn't have done it without my old man!!
I saw the dog who had to use a "wheelchair" for its rear legs again and that just broke my heart man.
[TheVerge] The science of 'Her': we're going to start falling in love with our computers: In the new Spike Jonze film, Her, a man fal...
hyene --whatever ..fuck that so annoying ai girl you dont sound cute!!! my gosh is this the way u disguised that ya cant sing oh man my ears
They are talking to each other between old malay man and british women. Talking about religion. Ask and answer and im here just listening
A man masturbated in a moving bus, ejaculated onto the skirt of a woman, has been sentenced to eight months??? jail - twitterurl
A second man is charged with the murder of Dexmon Chua, whose body was found in Lim Chu Kang on Jan 1 twitterurl
Besides she always has that weird hunch about me marrying a chinese/half chinese man sigh but mother no i wanna live Javaaaaa T_T
I used to love reading the daily horoscopes. But after the constant meet ups with the man, I feel blessed enough to not care.
Family of US man imprisoned in North Korea appalled at former #NBA star Dennis Rodman's friendship with Kim Jong Un twitterurl
pissed man. if got bras, guys cannot touch then get girl guides to do it la? whatsmore tanny is no longer in our school, who cares if
shit....running man ep179 makes me want to eat korean meal.....its okay, D-9!!!!!! i will have my korean meal over there! :D
Hi jas . Hi 5 man ! I feel u . I may have a lot of friends in school... ??? haha yay I thought I was the only one! :) twitterurl
They deserve a second chance in society. If they believe they can change, why not have a lil faith in them? Gotta give support man.
To all Man Utd fans who is not schooling later  pls wake up for our capital one cup semi final match 1st leg against Sunderland.1/2
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." - Oscar Wilde
[TheVerge] Alleged Silk Road kingpin Ross Ulbricht arrives in New York: Ross Ulbricht, the man charged with running Silk Road, an und...
+1 twitterusername Not taking anything away from Rohit and Ashwin but I would've picked Shami as Man of the Match. 9 wickets on Indian soil.
But at the end of the day, if a man (or a woman) wants to cheat, he will. Banning a site won't stop it. twitterusername
Man Utd shouldn't be a problem this season, facing them at Old Trafford that's the biggest problem. But In Wenger We Trust! #COYG
Gua tak sabar nak tengok movie The Class Of '92! Starring by Man Utd Legends! The Players Who Inspired A Generation! #GGMU! :)
Then right after tweeting it you get back to your subpar life, thinking you've one-upped "The Man", all the while a slave to false hype.
Here is the man who wanna go to his gf town, but he can't because so many shitty thing happen here ~
<-Self situating ??twitterusername Either you bitches need to invest in non hoe friends, a better man, or get yourself situated. Pick one???
its just amazing how a man like nicholas sparks can write novels that tears my heart and abduct the readers into the stories just wow
Real Madrid suited by Versace, AC Milan by Dolce & Gabbana, Man United by Paul Smith & latest Arsenal by Lanvin. Posh twitterurl
Oh man, gotta make sure I don't snooze my alarm in the morning. :( It's war between me and my discipline then.
And the one sitting at home drinking wine is so lonely n desperate for love he's contemplating dating a man(ager) OTL
Ensure safety of cabbies: November 22, 2013 12:55 AMTHE re-sentencing of a man who murdered a taxi driver ("Ma... twitterurl
Kanye West: The type of guy that would unplug your phone at 99% power level and say "No one man should have all that power"
??twitterusername i'll forever remember u doing that fucking video and going "WHAT IS A SHAWOL" i'll never forget that??? this man
I wanna penguin huddle again at Dongdaemun with my dear friends~~ But it's warm in SG (sigh~~) I'm missing Korea this much man!
"twitterusername hahaha man if i have a long sentence or a word, i would say his the most cheerful guy i ever met twitterusername jgn nk Angkat pls
Oh pls I was bored to death watching Running Man 170 n started questioning a Tabi's existence in the episode until the final battle.
Like a problem hanging over the drooping head of a tired man, the gray sky bogged the city down with its rain. #sgflood
I love watching twitterusername despite being a man in Singapore. I've concluded I was a fierce black woman from New Jersey in my past life.
Gahhh what would Baksa feel when his Jisook noona is dating a man?? But Jisook would never leave Baksa in the 1st place :)
Citizen Journalism Awards Month 3: Man gets out of car to shout at McDonald's staff until he gets his food http:// twitterurl
Man gets 6 years corrective training, caning for theft and causing hurt with knife: November 06, 2013 12:25 PM... twitterurl
[Y!] This video of elderly man in MRT train will make you gag: In a Facebook video that is going vi... twitterurl #singapore
Day by day, u make me learn something new. Thanks God for give me a man,who always stand beside me. In all moment. Cc: twitterusername
Man City manager Pellegrini says his side are capable of beating any of the teams left in the CL after qualifying for the knockout stage.
Nw I read something else, #Venlafaxine can cause mania. Scary shit man. Bt having mania is good, it means high energy level to do something.
This girl is an ass sia walao heh but ily meet up soon (I took eons to find this picture man you suck) twitterusername twitterurl
Adam Levine is named sexiest man. He is sexy but sexier before. He's lost it a bit this year not sure why.
One minute i was feeling so depressed,the next minute i was smiling my life away. Man,how contradicting it is
Oh man. I really hate guys who ??????????. When the starting they like you until ???????? & you accept them they treat you like shit zzz. Lol
How did an unemployed 34 yr old man in Britain who used to work for a company selling women's underwear become a recognized expert 1/2
-.- RT twitterusername Studies have proven that taking the underarm sweat of a man and putting it on a woman???s lips can boost her mood.
Wah congrats to SHINee for winning Daesung! They totally deserved it with the amount effort they always put in man (Y)(Y)
I dont see any potential buyers today but my sales is already more than they expected it to be. One man show on a Monday bitches.
QT twitterusername Women have a biologic ability to tell whether a man is lying or being honest based on the way he stands.
Why dun u want to date fat girls? ??? Idk man haha nothing personal but nah i just dont like honest answer twitterurl
[ST] Bukit Timah house fire: Man who died was 'life of the party': November 19, 2013 8:15 AMLife he... twitterurl #singapore
Despite Man City having struggled away from this season, Manuel Pellegrini insists he will not make big changes to his team.
The only man I'll depend on is my husband. But I ain't got one of them so I gotta get it for myself.
I need to get my life in order man. Waking up on time and going back to sleep just because I couldn't care much is bad!
Compare it with some random cartoon man in a turban and all those Cro Magnons come out in force to angrily burn flags. Boo fucking hoo.
Kai: Taemin is a very loyal man, and is willing to sacrifice everything for what he does. That's why he's always working so hard since debut
I know you're going to Paris, man. But you should not show the fuck off everything you bought there. It's annoying.
i have a friend name WAN(my man).he just tweet "hi semua" but i cant tweet him hi back.hmm i just cant "Hi" him lahhhhhhh!!!!!!!
War News Updates > Here`s What A Shooting War With China Might Look Like: Japanese and US warships perform man... twitterurl
what a scummy man, can see it in his eyes yeah that he's got a nasty plan. I hope you're not involved at all.
#singapore We must create a unique system in which the man-in-the-street can easily take ownership  and publish his unique creative ideas.
huh like you and your girlfriend not even loving or sweet at all ??? She's the sweet and romantic one man. twitterurl
Oledy got bobok song and its bobok time. Night my dear boyfriend. Love you and miss you. Be a good man okay twitterusername
looking at kagawa situation at man utd, i cannot understand y players like carrick, cleverly or young is starting in front of him..
Some toilets' flushing system needs to take a chill pill man. I'm not done and I didn't ask for a fucking ass washing. TSK
Kns almost kena knocked down by some motor cos I didn't realise is green man light and got car LOL wtf.
Man accused in Sheng Siong kidnap case deemed fit to make plea: One of the two men accused of kidnapping the m... twitterurl
Today was an adventure man pasar kalamazoo setup martial arts board setup with newly found friends kbx training with tyres and ropes
world has long accepted the best man for the job approach but Bharat continue to live by the rank opposite philosophy twitterurl
I wish i can work as a running man staff member! It's definitely got to be a amazing journey and creating lots of memories.
Where did this moon junyoung go? he left long before now ...that man that oozing confidence sexy joy and charisma has left since he got back
Dust: An Elysian Tail Crosses One Million Sales:  Indie developer Dean Dodrill has announced that his incredible one-man project, Dus...
Watching The Voice and American's Idol until lost track of time omg! btw these kids on The Voice kids can really sing like a mamamia man!!!
Why must suria have such show like Kembara Kasih? Im a man who's lacking of emotion, but this.......im soft within.
look around and see how He bless your "unfair" life with friends and family. look at those who love you. life is too short to complain, man.
Wtf man its hot in korea lol 10degrees is nothing compared to beijing lol i nearly flew off while walking to the plane cos wind too strong
Tipu :( RT twitterusername Felix Kroos - "Me and my brother (Toni Kroos) have already talked about the possibility of moving to Man United
But to spend my remaining years surrounded by the man that I will love till death. And insyaallah, with our beautiful children.
??twitterusername Checkers need a waiting room. -__-??? and a powder room. and a bathroom. and a PAC-man game for the wait
Think Like a Doctor: Sweating It Out: Can you solve a medical mystery involving a 25-year-old man who becomes ... twitterurl
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Sweating It Out: Can you solve a medical mystery involving a 25-year-old man who be... twitterurl
Thats me!!! Hahahhaa no one knows what i've been thru man. That moment of our relationship when my bf is down w depression, i waited.
why do people cross the road when the green man at the traffic light is blinking do they not read the instructions it's so dangerous
& being short makes the china man at the back think he can conveniently rest his fucking phone on my head. Cb I your handphone holder ah!
Man I will never be ok with having to be up at 330 am mon-fri..... iSwear it's tooooo early for my sole!
[Y!FB] A 64-year-old man was charged in court on Monday for vandalism and acting rashly...: A 64-ye... twitterurl #singapore
"Smoking weed, sippn liquor, staring in the mirror. No one to blame for my pain but the man in the in mirror...."
[CNA] Man jailed 6 years for cheating Khoo Teck Puat???s daughter of S$2m: A former private wealth re... twitterurl #singapore
All I am, is a man, I want the world in my hands. I hate the beach, but I stand, in California with my toes in the sand.
I miss the late night-last minute kinda studies for exam. The scary feeling to get results from teacher. Oh man
Inter Milan have confirmed that Vidic will sign in the summer after a deal was agreed with Man Utd & the player.
[TheVerge] Robotic arm turns man into a cyborg drummer: When Jason Barnes was electrocuted two years ago, he lost the lower half of h...
"twitterusername that little girl came to my house this morning again to ask for "that man" omg can u not" LOL
I miss my man but I swear I dont know how much longer I can take this space between us.#hisGG
The music last night was so sick man. I love the remixes, when the mthafkng beat drops, bright flashing lights and everything!
I wanna marry a good man that's real like my dad, works hard like him, puts me first like him, & has swag like my brother. #winwin
COLLARED: Man sentenced to 5 mths jail for importing 43 puppies into #Singapore w/o relevant import permits(Pic: ICA) twitterurl
Nabei some fucking old man smile and talk to my mum asking how is she when she was at chinatown. My mum answered "your mum the best"
Woah this guy with pink & purple hair. What the hell are you thinking man. A unicorn just pooped on your head?!
??Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord, whose trust is the Lord. He is like a tree planted by?? twitterurl
Four arrested after brawl in Paya Lebar: Four male foreigners suspected of being involved in a 10-man brawl al... twitterurl
Dear dad . Its been 10 years now . But I still can't be a man like you . Happy birthday dad . Alfatihah Ahmad Norli bin Abdul Hamid .
Left with 49 episode till i catch with lastest running man show . This is so damn fast . I watched this 3 months ago .
I'm a fan of liverpool but honestly, I grew    up seeing Man united one of the strongest team. those were the days...
David Moyes, decent man. But the poor sod beginning to look like Old Shep... No one wants to say out loud what might be needed #MUFC
Watched the match at a karaoke bar owned by a Man Utd fan. Requested YNWA after match. Bet he's gonna remove that song from his list!
:( like can u sleep tu??twitterusername If by a show of hands we could just see the remaining optimistic Man United fans ahead of tomorrow..???
I miss my baby, my bantal busuk, my budak temok and the man who makes my world go round and whole! twitterusername ....
So cold. Oh, its the air conditioner. Oh man. Still awake. Collecting my video later. What a long night. The journey begins again. Morning!
if a woman hits a man, why wouldn't she get hit back? because THAT'S when y'all wanna call it domestic violence.
if the man of steel weaknesses is kryptonite....for me would be a box of kittens or The xx mixtape but why not both ?
Don't make my toe laugh man. 384 followers call alot ... ??? How abt you say you got how many followers? Come leh ... twitterurl
U change my life to a better man for u. Everything u did to me till I fall deeply in love with u n ur?? twitterurl
Ouch.. Indeed. RT twitterusername A man who does not hold the door when he knows there's a woman behind him is a fucking asshole.
And once upon time someone told me this, "Find a man who loves his mother tremendously, for he would love you and your family as much too"
If my boy's playing his games, I'll go find something better to do. It's his boy time, man. Takkan nak layan aku je.
I have always wanted to wear like those high end & vintage outfitters. But man i think i cannot put it off. HAHA
If u're searching for horny man, u can found them on omegle. I mean like, when u start the video-chat, they're ready to masturbate. Stupid.
"twitterusername "if a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. if he doesn???t want you, nothing can make him stay.""
"twitterusername Marijuana was initially made illegal in 1937 by a man who testified the drug made white women want to be with black men." LMAO!
YES MAN"twitterusername You know a nigga didn't give af about you when right after yall stop talking he gets a new bitch"
Fuck you bitch "twitterusername ??twitterusername Y'all think that I'll find a man if I get off Twitter or nah???? nothing will help"
Hey you only live once, cheer up and enjoy yourself b... ??? Hey thanks alot man! I will! What's right and what's ... twitterurl
Take me to the every party cause all I wanted to do was dance. But now I'm dancing but I'm dancing with another man.
Looking forward to seeing the super inspiring twitterusername in SG this week! This man swam across the North Pole!? Not possible u think?!
I second that! RT twitterusername If I were a man..  I really consider travelling alone.. enjoying scenery.. taking pictures.. gg to villages
David Moyes admitted he cannot afford to become over-reliant on Robin van Persie whose double strike won Man United the Community Shield.
No cute guys to skodeng here today. Boring. And the murse on duty today isn't my favourite one. Another man has to see my asshole now :(
U da man! RT twitterusername Now You See Me Bluray 720p and 1080p version is already available via torrent site! cc twitterusername
Armed man in stand-off with police at Chai Chee flat detained after 5 hours: It is uncertain how the incident ... twitterurl
??twitterusername ODYSSEY. Declare a preference for the Iliad.??? idk man, the Honda version is pretty great, we had one for 9 years
Who the fk is screaming like hes getting raped by hentai monsters man calm your tits la play futsal need scream meh
"No evil ever came from a woman's womb that was not put there in the first place by a man" - Nuraina K. Shire
uhlanya manje RT twitterusername U see your man talking to his hot female friend and u ready to lose your fucking mind in 3 seconds.
In 1962 we put a man on the moon. In 2013, we let Miley Cyrus hang her ass out with Beetlejuice. #WeShouldBeInSpace
Nick Vujicic is really a man of God. i still can remember every single word he said to me back in Church a few years ago..
[Y!FB] A knife-wielding man, believed to be in his 40s, was detained on Friday afternoo...: A knife... twitterurl #singapore
#BoXilai trial: Ex-police chief Wang Lijun, who was also Bo's right hand man, appears in court to testify against him.
Watched the malay news and the man who vandalized the war memorial should be given a fine and not jail term and caning. Wtf caning?!
Man does not live on bread alone but by I forgot what's the rest of the verse I'm gonna get some bread
never know before that being called "my lady" could make you feel this happy and blushing than all those sweet words. good night my man {}
anyone else is as disappointed as me that Ben Affleck is gonna be Batman in the nxt Man of Steel?? *pouting*
"twitterusername Carlos Tevez has been unveiled as a Juventus player after completing a 10 million Pound move from Man City #SSFootball"
How time flies so fast....We've grown into a lady & a man. Too fast that tomorrow you are leaving me &?? twitterurl
"this is our new guitar player...................................who cares, we go with "The man who sold the world", song by david bowie..."
[News] 86-year-old man from Sembawang dies from dengue; third death this year: A joint statement by the Minist... twitterurl
Shit man my insta for have half naked girls and me sheesha-ing so many times and my mum wants to follow shit son shit.
The Running Man members that will be coming to malaysia are HAHA, Gary, Kim Jong Kook and Ji Suk Jin! via: twitterusername
NSA leaker holed up in Hong Kong hotel: The man behind of one of the biggest leaks in U.S. history is holed up... twitterurl
I think our "alignment" level has increased. I duno since when my man becomes as lame as me which I?? twitterurl
A good man will help those who has nothing and help others who have everything but doesnt expect anything in return.
Still can't forget the old man yesterday who was trapped inside the bank near Cilantro. He didn't know that the door will open by the sensor
I think ah boys to man is wrong. Left over of food was enough for one person. I wanted to eat and my bro had it instead
Dont want. People are so cruel these days man. I stay home haha RT twitterusername twitterusername Stop tweeting and come out & hang out bro hahaha
Im so irritated and cramped. Im claustraphobic la haiya. Im sitting inside and this man is taking more space than i am .
I wish advertisers would stop using our browsing history to asign what ads we get.Just watched a video abt hundreds of bed bugs biting a man
Not bitch about Skye but explain can the situation? H... ??? Haha explain.fm ah? Jk man maybe in person I'd tell y... twitterurl
Pacific Rim looks like iron man who ate Nintendo Marios Mushroom and grew too big till he lost his brain by destroying everything
FAZURA SAID THIS KAN ?!?! SHE IS SO PRETTY LAAAAAA... RT twitterusername I need a man, not a boy who thinks he can. #kisahcinta
[YH!SG-FB] Too fat for a country?A man who now weighs 130 kg and his wifemay face deportati...: Too... twitterurl #singapore
There's this little kid on the train that's def younger then 10 years old playing poker on his handphone LOL. Kids nowadays man
As i was cycling just now,a man was jaywalking,and he didn't watch out for me so i shouted at him,HEY!\
Man Utd are on the brink of losing 3/4 pre season friendlies as Cerezo Osaka are leading them 2-1
You were with a lady last night drinking and going town without telling me ? Ohhh fuck man when you start hiding from me
[TheVerge] PS4 is a return to the spirit of the early PlayStation days, says the man who built it: Even if you weren't familiar with ...
Scott Sinclair on loan to West Brom from Man City. Should have stayed at Swansea in the first place I think.
I'm so glad that my bf finally think twice abt joining dikir LOL fuck he can do better than that man.
How can this be? A chap in a Liverpool shirt with his son in a man utd rag....... I simply would not allow his #lfc
OUCH: Doctors had to operate on an Australian man after he lodged a 10cm fork inside his penis for sexual pleasure twitterurl
Look at the video I posted"twitterusername ??twitterusername that white girl is 90 lbs & beat that 240 lb beast lmaoooo she a fuckin rider man???whoo"
Wow really, my deepest condolences to all those who knew her personally man.. Even i feel sad despite not knowing her. May you rest in peace
what is your ideal guy type? ??? Hmmmm if my ideal man really exists, I'll probably go for someone who can handle ... twitterurl
Man just walked across the road, every car has to ebrake. OMG I almost hit the car in front of me.
It's my little brothers birthday weekend. My rasta man is turning six lol...I know he's mad I didn't come to NY yesterday.
If I were a boy,  I think I could understand,  how it feels to love a girl, I swear I'd be a better man.  #nowplaying
Clove Oil is really an ulcer lifesaver man. My mouth sores are now numb, gobbling up as much food as I can now before the pain returns. Heh.
Just reached home, what a day man today lost 2-0, similar prob against Balestier Khalsa U-16 but it's alright
jom lets stomp the fukin yard man , do twelve year ol... ??? You'd be surprised to know the things 12 year olds ar... twitterurl
Man i am sick. Like seriously. Been sneezing non-stop like a retard. My eyes they're burning. I think i got a temperature. Sighs.
But really la guys for those who missed family affair 4 gig just now.... Hais hahaha it was really good man. Really.
So delayed tweets from last night since I was up doing work but yeah do the Into Darkness and Man of Steel trailers look epic or not?
Industrial Areas are good areas to gauge the economic pulse of the nation, rather the middle man 'D' St , the main street only matters
Hello Dustin! twitterusername ! Happy birthday to you! have a blast, all the best for N levels this year man. #birthday #boy
Liverpool welcome former boss Rafa Benitez's Chelsea to Anfield today. Emotions will be running high for a man who was once a Kop hero.
That is not funny. Ours are not QT twitterusername The word senator is derived from a Latin word meaning "old man."
Yup you upload one gambar with telekung on and then another one in bikini. No no dont worry man totally not judging hahaha
do you date younger guys because i think you're perfect ??? Ya haha I do I think younger guys are soooooo cute man twitterurl
if you're talking about past achievements; man united is the only club in the bpl that achieved the treble. bpl/fa cup/champions league.....
Why did you sat until like a man with your mouth wide open in you DP?! Mouth open big big for the BIG D?
This looks dangerous. To pasang kipas, u need a pro to do it man. (Alasan orang yg scared of heights) twitterurl
I can tell twitterusername really took time and effort into planning his video out. Good job man! This vid has to hit at least 9 mil views ;)
We want to ???police??? what it is to be a man ?????macho, etc. ??? which then bleeds into oppressing women. Everyone loses.
#UKissinSG Hoon wants to try acting in a romantic movie, Eli would like to act in a comedy. He also wants to be Superman or Iron Man.
Dad and I singing to 'when I was your man' on the radio while drinking slurpee I mean this is the life
Mum saw TM.R's photo(the one where he was wearing the white bandage-looking outfit & pouted) & asked "Oh man, why is the guy injured?" LOL!
Steve Rogers: "Big man in a suit of armour. Take that off, what are you?" Tony Stark: "Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist."
Eew. Wierd man came up to me at my block's lift lobby asking me to help him button up his shirt. Wth?!
The girl next to me, who looks like she's not even 10, is holding a freaking iPhone and watching running man.
Okay I am 73648712years late but first time listening to Candice Glover on Idol and man she is pretty damn amazing
Adding killer game sound effects and i found this effect with sounds of a demented man dragging chains..... So creepy and scary but cool!
#IDontUnderstandWhy you don't wanna talk to her and make an excuse that she doesn't wanna talk to you? You know she's waiting for you man.
Liverpool and Man United face another contender for the signature of Torino defender Angelo Ogbonna, 24, with Bayern Munich now on his trail
FUCK YES! I still rmb tht bitter feeling when fucking man city scored 2 goals in injury time. FINALLY GETTIG OVER IT
Respect Sir Alex Ferguson the man who brings up one of the most successful club in the world to today #GGMU
"I think you pist off my sandwich." "If I wasn't so chilled out right now I will puke *smiles*" Oh you stoned, beautiful, dumb man.
And of cos my fav ORGEL SHINee twitterusername ...loonnnnggg notes so in love with that man....no that boy?!! sighh 7 yrs difference siggghh
I love Christian here, with his snapback and Starbucks. "I'm gon fuck yo up man... Let me finish my drink first." twitterurl
Just finished watching Iron Man 3 *yeah I knw a bit late* and I saw Skrtel! Haha. Overall, awesome performance by Robert Downey Jr!
Watching Man U vs Aston Villa and i have to say De Gea is really damn good now.. And im a liverpool fan haha
In twitterusername this month. Diego Forlan said SAF threw his boots away because he didn't wear bigger studs. Was furious at the kit man too.
Honestly I would say that Hugh Jackman is one hell of a cool and good looking man. He's so darn awesome. #nohomo
You shouldn't continue to lay down as a victim nor should you turn into a bully. You should stand up for yourself, be the bigger man.
You see you gotta get the pressure just right so the glue comes out nice and smooth. It's an art form man this is some real shit.
??twitterusername Wonder what Man City's answer to winning nothing will be. I'm going for throwing more money at it!??? Lol almost certainly!
??twitterusername The result at Wembley means that David Moyes can win his first trophy as manager of Man Utd when they face off against Wigan.
So. I'm done with the book. I'm surprised that I'm not even crying. But. Man. His death felt like a stab in the heart.
Who do you think will be prom queen and king?? ??? Huimin! I'm her number one fan man! >.^ haha, idk for guy la, m... twitterurl
Where "spice" means coke? RT twitterusername A pumpkin spice latte to every man of the praetorian guard who backs me as emperor!
[TheVerge] Man confesses to drunk driving death, uses YouTube video to say 'don???t drink and drive': "My name is Matthew Cordle and on...
This happily married man is keeping a dark #secret from his family He has a mistress and a secret love child... twitterurl
i finally finished idol special running man -_- i wana watch the shinhwa one but i can only do it on comp sobs
Allswell is giving away 6 pairs of tickets to the Running Man Fan Meeting LIVE in Singapore on 19 October 2013!: twitterurl
Let other kids live hau RT twitterusername Agh man aniyeke ukumitha bo! More rings, less bellies. Rather ring then Belly mmmmkay :').
DAMN! RT twitterusername out of job, Nepali man jumped to his death in TTDI. just trying to feed his family, i'm quite sure twitterurl
LOL.. RT twitterusername so XII choose twitterusername - roar as one of the theme song? man, someone should sack the marketing staff........
X factor not the show for me man crying every single moment when I see the families of the singers so happy for their child.
But for this yeaaaar... Only 2 more performances and I am fucking done man. Cannot fucking wait to be done with everything.
Imagine no possessions, I wonder if you can, no need for greed or hunger, a brotherhood of man, imagine all the people sharing all the world
Too many people have been pissing me off for the past 4 fucking months that I just want to kill all of you. Fuck man.
man when games can be played like in sao without the life threatening no escape rule, that'll truly be a nice time to be alive
I cannot thanks much to my friends sia their with me when im sad . My fucking family doesnt understand me man
I need a man, not a boy. I need someone who protect me when Im in trouble. Not the one who always blame me for my trouble.
??twitterusername twitterusername wa cb you just wait man, just you wait. I still using this rotten shit??? SWEG SWEG SWEG ON YOU
Got dragged by this man to see some wedding showcase. twitterusername and I just sat there awkwardly. Hmmmm...the amount of stares.
I'm not sick jaka-_- nooo,your smart! I like youRT twitterusername maybe yousick righn now " cause im not smart i just a lucky man
To be honest, i like the kind of man that have sense of humor, can play music instrument esp piano, the one who love extreme sport n ...
holy crap man, cant believe i even dared to watched The Conjuring alone , in my phone @ this timing stupid idea ever.
Actually, I do get turned on watching my partner (whoever) doing it with another man. But when I say I want monogamy, I mean it.
Wah im almost home today's the earliest it's not even 1pm yeayy shall wall Running Man first la hew hew! :3
LMFAOOOOO"twitterusername "twitterusername A #Pisces woman can make any man feel like a King in bed."wtf is wrong with me"
Your man keep playing your feel bcs he knows that his girl wont give up on him, he knows that she will do anything for him.
Sex for grades case: Former law professor Tey Tsun Hang a free man: SINGAPORE - The 42-year-old reported to th... twitterurl
"twitterusername 130928 ZE:A cut.. what show is this.. but dun die at 2:10 twitterurl OMG THAT LOOK THEN SIWAN....MAN DOUBLE WHAMMY
makRT twitterusername If a man says ur ugly hes being mean. If a woman says ur ugly shes jealous. If a little kid says you're ugly, ur ugly.
Whatever makes us happy we should stick to it. Sometimes we want something but we wont get it. And I am man enough to accept it.
Y'all should listen to Bastille man I swear they're damn good. They'll go big soon enough so get it while it's freshhhh.
Will take a miracle for Moyes to be the right man for the job at United. I hope I am wrong for the sake of the club.
There is a reason why folks believe the screaming man at the library is from SAF. Bad English, attitude and lots of screaming. Just like SAF
Man in the viral video identified to be Jason Tay and from a blog which seems to be created by him, states that... twitterurl
is that enlarged earlobes? How big alr?! ;) ??? yeah man it is! hehehe ;) aw just 12mm sigh lol wanna stretch more... twitterurl
Remember when Macheda was suppose to be the next big thing for Man Utd but now is on loan at Doncaster? What if it happens to Januzaj... Lol
Hey, hats off to Green Arrow man. Y'know, his bow, ar... ??? You need an intervention bro. Hahaha have you seen th... twitterurl
Youre smiling in yr sleep that like the first time i saw in 2 years 1 week 6 days 18 hr 45 mins and 20 sec wtf man
Don't read this if u've not seen the last episode ---> Die Like a Man: The Toxic Masculinity of Breaking Bad - twitterurl
Yeap. Valencia, you left your man. Hah I knew it he would do that again. Stupid moyes for putting him instead of kagawa.
I'm in the state whereby I don't care if Man Utd keeps on losing as long as Moyes gets the sack.
What will the future be like? ??? For me. To be " like a man" xD. To be someone who'll be able to take care of his... twitterurl
Good stuff man mmmm"twitterusername Smoking weed eh RT twitterusername Dreamt i was killing people at the beach with my kyogre and zapdos"
13 years passed so fast... That song was from year 2000. If 13 years feels like a day.. I'd be an old man in a week.
Oh fuck man BMTH having m&g and we all know how rotten my non existent luck is so... Have fun kids
all my ex's . . turned out to be EXAMPLES of what i dont want in a man reasons why we not together !
' man are very faithful, no matter how old they r, they still like 17 & 18 years old girl '  ( I heart one hor
As much as I disagree with how Turkey use to ban women from wearin headscarves in govt bldgs, now cracking down on cleavage is WTF MAN!
spm around the corner. well sht man! basically, thats my point. spm?/? pebendaweh? my ambition doesnt do anything about those subjectkiller!
Not peylin i've asked her. And the way it said "dont ... ??? haha yeah sahhhh wrong man gotta brush up on his English twitterurl
so sad when i saw isaiah gg home.. but he was being a real 'man' tho. i want to cry #actuallycryalrdy #xfactor
Weather here is playing my body. less than 20degree at night, more than 40degree on a daytime. Trust me, when im back in sg, I'm a black man
InshaAllah,ameen. u too :) RT twitterusername twitterusername you're simply amazing, humble young man! may success be yours now n forever =D amiin
Anyway had a good night sesh after a very very long time really happy my bro could accompany me thanks man twitterusername
Wth man... Just reach home whole day havent eat and my mum have to freaking piss me off....now i dont even have appetite to eat...
Oh man , Carrie movie is out on 18oct ... im going for one fighting championship one the 18th too ! Going to be a awesome day for sure
??twitterusername twitterusername what's up??? None much man, coolin .. Young slot that look up too you, can I get a follow back?
??twitterusername twitterurl I find it amusing that he can look cute one min and just sizzling the next this man is sex god alright
Females gettin outta hand with these eyebrows man! Mfs be as thick as my finger looking like a strip of electrical tape
[News] Two sentenced to jail for hurting man who died of his injuries: Two unemployed men were sentenced to ja... twitterurl
You can't evolve as a man if you never make a mistake. The only way that you could be perfect is to fuck up.
Anw was at somerset earlier, went into one of the jersey shop lookin for arsenal away kit for ladies, SOLD OUT. Sad man.
14 // Haz! Words cant describe how much you mean to me man. My pillar of strength & i thank you for being thr always love ya god bless x
^^:)^^:)^^:) - A great centre midfield. Continue to work hard man! And congrats on winning the COE title! You prove all the haters wrong! :)
Thank you twitterusername for coming all the way to my workplace from home today w your man bag hahaha. I owe you a visit too!
Think, Singapore! > Praise for medic who helped man in accident: By Lee Jian Xuan, The Straits Times, 10 Oct 2... twitterurl
was just talking to ling abt Chinese and I left tuition and a china man spoke to me and obviously I embarrassed myself as usualz
Jennie Kim doesn't beg ur oppars for some featurings in their songs. U guys can blame YG for that. But I love that old man too.
ISAF member killed in Afghanistan: A man in the uniform of an Afghan soldier shot and killed a member of the N... twitterurl
"twitterusername Running man ep;167 RAW is up! But no sub! Hahaha! Cant wait! For the sub. #runningman" Yes tomorrow night it will be out! Yay
rt ??twitterusername I'm just a drive by I'm just a substitute. why do I always allow myself to become one. hahaha fuck man.???
omg i type a bloody scene and started laughing to myself i read it to cheryl and she laughed too what has become of us man HAHA
'Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves." -Albert Einstein
Oh god. This new K-Pop band A Prince is too gay to function. Too gay. This coming from a gay man.
"twitterusername Im risking my life for Jiakai for informing mr chua that he couldnt do the assignment, hope he dont gl me" so man ahahaha
Bath salts? RT twitterusername US man sentenced to 60 years in prison for killing vagrant, then eating his brain and eyes twitterurl
Love a woman/man who can keep a conversation going. Not those typical "I only talk to handsome guys/ pretty girls " types.  . -,-
Call me crazy but I was talking out loud to the man on top(makes me feel at ease)& I understand why everything that has happened has happen.
Fibally can watch The Walking Dead. Cobtinue from wherr I left off. But man.. gg ns tmr. Why now?! Thanks twitterusername
I don't think Miley is foolish man. Think about it, she was so dumb last time that she thought a wig would disguise her.
Januzaj may be young & inexperienced but Man Utd needs him right now! He is a creative midfielder almost as good as Ronaldo. #wonderkid
It's funny cause Manchester United fans are going crazy. Relax, man. It's only one game. I know it's the derby but chill ah...
??twitterusername If a red head guy works at a bakery, does that make him a ginger bread man????oh my god
Why?  "twitterusername GAY AS FUCK! RT "twitterusername Is it gay for a man to get his anus fingered while getting head?""
Where's your father? "twitterusername the best time to suck on some big ol balls is right after your man comes home from the gym, YES"
Only in Malaysia #CaliphateofMeleis can you twist a video of a man kicking a robber in the face as a racial attack Cina pukul Melayu
??twitterusername Wheres the adrenaline or fun in watching f1 man.. Being there is like an endurance test really... Fucking 61 laps???
but you just sit thr and flirt with your classmates all day long la idc man why should i talk to you no sense of shame sia
i saw my tmis staff eyecandy last night when i went home. hes still as young looking buff man as i remembered it.
Do not fix your dark circles. Let the world know you're tired of its shit and ready to kill a man
[TheVerge] iPhones, BlackBerry, and 'Breaking Bad': 90 Seconds on The Verge: And in this corner, back by popular demand, the man who ...
Crushing damn hard on So E-hyun D: SHE SHLD ACT MORE MAN, &JUNG IL WOO! Nam Gyu Ri as well~
I would if I could. I actually should.. ;P RT twitterusername People need to stop unnecessarily using 'would' in their sentences man.
The Austrian Sausage Man has moved from his Chinatown stall to a coffee shop - K88 coffee house, block 5, Banda street (give sausage a try)
been watching definitely maybe and that old drunk man is much closer to how i imagined van houten than willem dafoe
Ishh the birthday man is on TL, gladly to say it once again Oppa twitterusername #SuccessInEverything and God bless ?? more #HBDReggieMax5 #MAX5IMUM
the sweetest thing is when your father text you "goodnight. Love you". I aint need any man bradah!!! My dad is amazing beyond words!
Yes ....sigh I can never marry/date a man who believes in God...I always use God's name in vain....I'm not a sweet girl ya know???
I may act like a child but don't ever underestimate my mind or my brain i'm not stupid enough to think like an adult or like a man!
#tbt Me And My Day 1 Nigga twitterusername Growing Our Hair Out Last Year Man! Just So Yaw Know I Was?? twitterurl
I must be fucking blind for being with you for nine months. Wtf man. After knowing every single thing from other diff ppl.
Dafuq man.. SMRT delayed due to earlier train ahead being struck by lightning... I knew morning rains were a piece of shit.
I think the colour of sambal puts me off. I don't like chutney too, gravy scares me. But not man-gravy eh heh heh >:)
Free kimchi and I was like haha I don't eat kimchi lol the service very good man this $2 a bit worth
" Im not broke , im just a broken hearted man . I know it makes no sense but what else can I do ? "
Fox fox RT twitterusername You can cry and still be a man, if your day job is saving the world - Ylvis
White bitch stole mine junior year "twitterusername RT if you ever let a bitch steal ya man  Tyler rt this too"
THIS"twitterusername NO woman wants a nigga that likes dick. So y'all can stop with the "a man can be bi" thing now."
Aww man! Why aren't you dating her anymore? Then are you dating someone else? ??? Idk... Nope & nope. Who are you? twitterurl
I don't know how getting an undercover reporter to visit the sauna and then report what is going on inside has got to do with the man dying.
.twitterusername that one article made it tougher for EVERY gay man in SG to come out to their parents. twitterusername ruins lives.
Excuse me saying United play like Singapore are you putting the Lions down too? Gth man dont ever support Singapore then
Hope they talk it out "twitterusername JYJ and SM Entertianment's Lee Soo Man to meet for the first time in four years? twitterurl
.twitterusername Socrates say that it is a shame if a man can't fully harness his body the way God intended. Or something like that.
Bt said that you are afraid of socks. EXPLAIN FULLY w... ??? I once read about a man who died from slipping in his... twitterurl
Man City manager Manuel Pellegrini has no interest in turning his side's CL tie against Bayern Munich into a personal battle with Guardiola.
BABY BUTTS FACE? no shit thats funny hahaha. Going th... ??? Hahaha oh man,I don't know I just use Loreal Men Expe... twitterurl
Wow so sad :'/ RT twitterusername For his last few days, a hospital let this man have his loyal dog beside him. twitterurl
Had a good chat with my hairstylists earlier abt Running Man & Infinite in SG. LOL! Korean guys & SG guys too... LMAO!
The man that beat up his wife was jobless and playing computer games... She slapped him then he beat her up... And she died... Wow
Book out early on friday can be a disadvantage. What sia book out then watch incredible tales at home. Joke man haha. Everyone's still busy.
Be happy young man while you are young , and let your heart give you joy in the days of your youth~
So this movie is all about a train that cannot be stopped. Eh may as well i watch ants walking right. Lame sia. Gonna ditch this man.
My lecturer checked out my blog. He was like u r a philosopher, too much wisdom for a young man like you!
Cause of death of man found in trolley bag, uncertain says coroner: The cause of death of Wong Teck Siong, who... twitterurl
"He got drawn into that celebrity status, you know? And for me, I???m a football man. He lost the focus" - Sir Alex Ferguson on Beckham
Titanic again. Grrrr. The scene before Rose jumps off the safety boat, I cried. Tsk. I would jump for the man I love too!!!!
My NS WhatsApp group is like playing Hunger Game, day by day someone just "vanish" & left convo.Let's see who will be the last man standing!
Sorry man, she's my wife already  ??twitterusername Heeyy you! Get the fuckin out from my girlfriend!!!! RT bensbob: Love youu pevpearce
[Y!FB] A young man in the US suffers at least once a month from a terrible headache tha...: A young... twitterurl #singapore
Dad: U know at my workplace (airport) earlier on, i saw lots of people crowding.. what this thing they call Running Man.. Me: O.O Dad: Dunno
Man, how dependent we are on religion, not that its a bad thing, but I reckon we should get up off our knees and DO SOMETHING.
keep watching videos when i should be studying. Super unproductive man. now i know why i can never finish my work.
Fuck man twitterusername Jadon Jawani Wala Jor Si Ve Jalma holding true for me now. Hahaha. Still love the band n the song though.
God who knew facial hair could increase/decrease the level of sexxxiness in a man by so much clean shaven Jake >>>> stubbly Jake.
Phone rang out of the bloom. Hoping it was you but it's just one of my faggot ass man fooling around
Tbh I think you're very smart. You're a very helpful person. Thanks for helping me out in math last year man :) twitterusername
Early early  in the morning a china man wanted to sell me a Samsung S4 at the bustop. Hahah ada chance si bongok nie perompak!!
Been dancing all morning.. man.. my arms and legs hurt so freaking badly.. HAHA goshh and worst part, im having fever
i just cannot take away the image of Jim Halpert from John Krasinski. HE IS DA PERFECT MAN. the office rocks.
This movie on ch 8, that guy penah jadi guest in running man. It took me quite a while t figure it out.
Witness #3: Identifying a man  (person #13) at the Jubilee church who says his wife & one child were burnt to death at Kiambaa.
A blind man just asked me for directions , I said turn the corner n you'll see it it's that huge sign you can't miss it ..... Awkward
Bus 31 is fucking with me man, I've been waiting for 30 minutes and they purposely skip the stop because the bus is full
Went to fairprice and this indian man saw me studying my notes and he told me work hard and all the best. What a nice stranger :')
"twitterusername Can die man play winger, run up down up down" but damn fun! Especially when you're good at crossing in! ;)
Read my notebook from '10 of our first like... 'Date' and ugh asdfghjkl what da heck man can I rewind time I miss that you :/
Former EA CEO Claims $60 for a Game is ??a Giant FU???: Former Electronic Arts CEO John Riccitiello, the man who helped build one of the...
So a man can't drive with a plier for a steering wheel but can if its a Saab with a joystick?
Good night all ....off to dream about sharing my bed ...and my life with the one and only twitterusername ....the only man that I would wish for
My mom is scaring me by telling me that our 3rd floor neighbour was griped tightly by some man who took the same lift as her
Times have indeed changed ??twitterusername The security guard at bt timah plaza this afternoon looks like is midle aged Caucasian man???
Lemme break it down for yah.kpop is their music genre.While running man is a variety program.all people in it are korean. They're human duh!
Conflicted. on one hand I'd like man city to win because yaknow, liverpool will remain second but on the other hand, I kinda like chelsea =/
So either her phone will be returned to her or the person who didn't return it will have some sort of fatal accident I dunno man.
Shocked that when I asked for the price after ordering the bee hoon and a piece of wing. FREAKING $2.90 #KOPITIAM! Day light robbery man!
[ST] Man jailed for stealing parts from 34 bikes: October 26, 2013 8:11 AMWith tools in his backpac... twitterurl #singapore
Lolll fuck you man and now I need to travel back home, just to put back the food lol. Really you are fucking pissing me off.
We should send girls like twitterusername to National Service to see if they can run an extra km for IPPT. Now make your man a sandwich, woman
Do you think you one day will choose a younger boy as ... ??? Definitely not old man pls. He can be my dad or grandpa twitterurl
Had a friend once, in a room. Had a good time but it all end too soon. #np When a blind man cry.
Sir Alex Ferguson says Man twitterusername can overturn a poor start to win the Premier League despite being eight points adrift of leaders Arsenal
Still can't get over the mystery of the curry incident at mkp just now Dafuq man how the fuck did rice all kena
Those are nice expressions of a man striving to fit his role to the T twitterusername leader im rooting for u dont let me down
A man frustrated at being single cut off his own penis believing it would stop him thinking abt getting a girlfriend\
Good game by the NUFC team yet not surprise by the attack from Man City!! This is definitely a worth game. Picture: twitterurl
my bf and i kinda like switch souls i think. He's acting like me suddenly otp 24 hrs and i become fussy man :o
ok., i know ima being late about this news coz...lazy to online last night T_T..but i want kris to be on running man too :(( #CryOutLoud
HTC Smartphone Blocks Gunshot to Save Man???s Life: A Florida gas station employee had a near brush with death on Monday morning, and a...
Thinkin'mybe y come bck here to d plac tht we'd meet n' y see me?? ?? The Man Who Can't Be Moved by twitterusername ??? twitterurl
Using my time on Tuesday to clean my room. Man, the tons of fur on the carpets and all. Must. Stop. This. Procrastination.
I never been meet a man like you,You're...i don't know,wht i said,thx ur advice dear last day twitterusername {}
"Real man is the one who prove his love". Thank you so much for this prove. Love you to infinity. Goodnight love. twitterurl
I only man who never get a strongest woman like you, I'm semi-retired pro wrestler, and you always active in wrestling #sadness
For one man, being at the front of a Tokyo queue for the new iPad was his way of saying "thank you" to Apple. twitterurl
Man screw 2013 I'm excited 4 graduation, new experiences, ppl that get into my life, new things, basically everything new.. I cant wait 2014
It happened again. A man jump off from a building. Life's hard I know, I feel. But if we could be a little stronger, we can survive. Sad.
I think i will be few hundred bucks richer if i sell all these papers to the karang guni man. $$ kachinggg
This is scary man. Why so many people mentioned about having mania after taking #Venlafaxine? I'm petrified to take #Venlafaxine. Lolx.
You're not a man when you bring your friends to beat a guy who has a problem with you. You settle it with boxing gloves in a ring.
Ooops "twitterusername Man United fans plan to remove David Moyes' ??Chosen One??? banner at Old Trafford if they lose to Olympiakos [Mirror]"
The idiotic neighbors is not only a pervert old man but an inconsiderate alcoholic turning telly so loud at 4:18am
5 lagu faforit dong kakak:3 ??? Holy Grail, Fall For You, When I Was Your Man, Burn, Clarity + lagunya Bruno aku s... twitterurl
what's your definition of a perfect man? ??? Someone who would give up anything just to make me happy, someone who... twitterurl
Ah whats the point of complaining anyway. Zzzz suddenly super cranky tonight. Man. I was just feeling great a few hours ago.
Beauty of a woman is not found in the outward appearance but from the inner man of our heart, which is?? twitterurl
I hope the new guy isn???t cuter than me if not I will explode. Shit man, I???m such a jealous bastard!!!!
learned overdose for two hours im like a dancing hippo i swear but cool man not really hard but the skipping rope part is confusing otl
We can land man on the moon and send rovers to Mars, but we can't find an airplane that actually has a signalling facility.
So heard the news that David Moyes was sacked & Ryan Giggs will be replacing the remainding games. Man, what a shocker.
& the fact how u dont rlly give a fuck ever since p6. lol whatever srsly man i gave up on you already
ugh this man be hogging the charger place pls give space. I want to freaking charge my phone too pls thx.
watch ya body the police watchin , tried to lock me down but im standing tall , whore bitch she chewing me & after that she top my man off !
My gossip partner (my boyfriend) already sleep omg I'm so bored. He seems very tired. Pity on him. You go, my man.
Man holds woman hostage with chopper for over an hour in China -- but gets subdued by cops and members of public twitterurl
Feel sorry for David Moyes.He try his best but it just to big for him to handle.Thank you for what he has done for Man Utd.#Respect #GGMU
I'm an Arsenal supporter but just to remind you guys that Sir Alex started off like shit too with Man U but look wgat happened after that
omg got someone wear same jacket as me in the bus, oni diff is, he got no man u logo #ggmu
Sources in Abuja claim that Norwich City center back Joseph Yobo has been excluded from the provisional 38 - man list submitted to the NFF.
??twitterusername There's a good man out there,  he just can't be found or i'm just too blind to see.??? Taik mata tu terselit tu pasal tak nampak :p
Hahaha not gonna help you this time man. Your crime you handle your shit. Tahu buat tahu tanggung ah. Where your balls at fucker
I thk I take up way too many jobs alrdy. I thk need to cut down man This holiday is really insane
Man, I really hope there's some sort of prize for spending Friday nights on geometry puzzles when I'm not even in school anymore.
Lol do u feel good abt urself after tweeting such lies to the mass? twitterusername Agh man, Mandisa is half of me even nx!???
I wanna tahan my eyes till my man wakes up but my eyes are killing me now. It's like weighing 100kg
Kyu's hair face grin eyes nose lips face I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOT THAT MAN THIS IS THE REASON IM LIVING FOR ..TO SEE HIM
Maybe I'll get famous as the man who can't be moved. Maybe you won't mean to but you'll see on the news.
Fuckin hateee wen they give me a hot chocolate with cream on top, who asked for cream? Makin ma shit cold man
Guys be jealous man. I was like only 5 steps away from bruno mars just now. Later upload video let y'all see. Hiak hiak hiak.
Bila Nk release the new paradigms and do the event.. ??? Ask the founder twitterusername , im just a man with an oder ... twitterurl
Thats such a great idea sia bro. Perfect man for the job RT twitterusername Get Moyes out. Bring Jurgen Klopp in. Get him to rebuild the squad
man utd not won one game against top 4 teams this season at ot, winning 1 drawing 1 and losing 2
Bumped into an old friend of years back and he had to open up my files to my man. HAHAHA haissss
I'm chionging so many dramas at once....lol. you who came from the stars, we got married yongseo, on call 36 2, running man.
Man United Patrice Evra may leave Old Trafford at the end of the season - he'll be out of contract and his wife wants to return to France.
??twitterusername hey man would love for you to do a remix! are you free any time soon? s??? I sure am!
compared to last year i was really skinny man omg hahahahaha ps, i know i look puny last time dont laugh. twitterurl
I can put up with a lot but I will never put up with a man disrespecting women when he himself came from a woman!
2 years. That's how long it's been since I've actually sat down, loooked at the waters and the buildings around. Man!!
DESERVED IT. RT "twitterusername Man in spitting case jailed 5 weeks, fined $800; cried when judge urged him to be good twitterurl
Fucking hell I wasn't talking about you for fuck's sake now I've another one to piss me off what is your issue man.
Like Ma Gawd. Lol Dear Men! Please take note :"D RT twitterusername twitterusername yes dear, it my duty as a man to provide fo u....lol
My comment was never meant to hurt anyone: Miss S'pore finalist apologises after making fun of man with holes in s twitterurl
The remaining teams will want to face man utd while they want to avoid facing Real Madrid or Bayern Munich #UCL??
"The true essence of a Beta Man isn't perfection, but the unyielding desire to attain it" -Brother Will 'El Siguiente' Russell #SLB28 #MyTat
Luckily that Indian mad man didn't Whatsapp me anymore. Peace restored at last. He's so irritating for the past few days.
why ? cmon bro. man up and make things possible. i ship you guys and i really hope you ... ??? idk ah. not ready haha twitterurl
Bringing my guitar home this weekend. Hmm.. If inly i have a camera, or camera man. But who would do it for free these days.
Yea man I'm so tight it don't make no sense. Bitches love playing roles. When they gone learn you can't play a playaaa
"Calls the pizza man. Comes to your door. Ring the doorbell. Open the door....." His pickup line sounds more like a step by step tutorial.
??and it???s time we started showcasing our individuality and stop giving in to the illusion of sexy created by man.???
tbh you're a true pal and a great friend to me man. a... ??? tiny then tiny now no difference mate! all the best t... twitterurl
and in the wilderness you saw how the Lord your God carried you, as a man carries his son... Deut 1:31
That Indian mad man keeps on Whatsapping me and I'm truly irritated. If I've nothing to talk to you, it means I won't have anything to talk.
I wish the current X-Men and Spider-Man film universe were under the Marvel film universe. It's just gonna fuck up the narrative. :\\
R u secretly married w/ 3 kids or what? :s RT twitterusername #nowplaying Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man [Official Video] twitterurl
Woman jailed 12 months for abetting god-daughter, 15, to have paid sex with man: March 26, 2014 11:43 AMA form... twitterurl
I wanna hunt like David, I wanna kill me a giant man, I wanna slay my demons, But I got lots of them, I got lots of them.
Can't wait for 6pm for Emma stone and casts on the red carpet followed by the press conference for Spider-Man 2! twitterurl
[ST] Sixth man to plead guilty to his role in the Little India riot jailed 18 weeks: April 01, 2014... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername A real man never stops trying to show a girl that he cares about her, even if he already has her."
#lifestyle #news: Man, 51, kicks bus, now arrested: He was on the road trying to stop the moving bu... twitterurl #singapore
Ok guys !! Help !! Man united game is at 2:45am or 3:45am later ?? Quick someone reply pls !! Needa set my alarm and go to sleep now !!
Oh man the mod of /r/kpics is posting Sojin pictures like crazy. I'm not sure if I can take this.
I got a crush on him since God knows when. Whoever get that kind of man,will forever be cherished w love care money hahahaha.
Man united's match tmrw and i cant wait. Tbh, odds are really against us since we are the away team but dont stop believing #GGMU
Oh wait, Joseon's Gunman too!! I know I must have missed sth lol. Checking this out not bcos of Lee Junki but bcos of The Princess' Man team
Juat know my hubby brought me a green juice in bed for breakfast!  Love this man, he know me so well! Sorry ahbie ter tweeting too much haha
Fav song ??? Don't Stop Me Now (Queen), Man in the Mirror (Michael Jackson), Seasons Of Love (Cast of RENT), Don't... twitterurl
Azure Striker Gunvolt???s English Website Goes Live:   We still have an entire year to go before Inti Creates??? and Mega Man co-creator ...
I am a Man U fan but I respect Liverpool fans more. They were the ones who stood by watching their team lose all those seasons.
the world is moving so fast that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it. -Elbert Hubbard-
Lol why the fuck is gerrard crying. Dude is not a final. LOL BE A MAN, U FAGGOT. SO EMOTIONAL FOR WHAT FUCK
Oh my God. He's still crying. I love you Steven Gerrard.. "Emotional..*sniff Emotional? We got to stay calm.." Love this man.
As a man,Icardi is a bastard n I sympathise with Maxi but sportingly, I am sorry Maxi u are playing in the wrong league.#INTER
Ok my day just keeps getting worse. The train is leaking water on me. I'm just gonna continue sitting here man
Wow what? "Today I want to leave"?????? Man shouldn't da use bing translator.....let leave it as he is glad to go home
All thanks to the job advertisement, it invited an Indian mad man Whatsapp me for a wk plus just because I putted my handphone no. there.
Roy Keane gave Arsenal stick for celebrating against a Championship team - who's also the Cup holder. That man is always so bitter.
To the guys who does clean eating AND workouts like mad AND prepares his own meals, fuh, hands down, you THE MAN! Proud to say I know one
Here come the crazy pranksters...man with back pack & rice cooker in it leaves bag at Boston marathon finish line. #Idiot.
[CNA] Man fined S$1,500 over brawl on MRT: A glass contractor who was captured in a video fighting ... twitterurl #singapore
Man City are the world's best-paid sports team with average first-team pay reaching ??5.3m a year, according to a new report.
Man fined S$1.95m for importing duty-unpaid liquor: A former company director was on Monday fined S$1.95 milli... twitterurl
Babe my husband doesn't hear a fucking word I say but if I whisper sex from any room in the house he hears it..well man kan kahkahkah..
#SHLWarriors damn fierce. HAHAHA. What am i doing in SHL man, i'm such a nice guy, i cant be fierce :( HAHA
yes because women want to be friends w a man who perpetuates the stereotype that we are annoying and bothersome twitterurl
Portugal have asked for a six-man security guard team, four will be in charged with looking after Cristiano Ronaldo. #WorldCupBrazil
Thank you Chelsea!!! For once... Yes, coming from a Man United fan. U mad? I don't give a fuuuuuck!!! HA HA!!!
I really hope my mom will allow me to work, at least on the weekends. Running out of ideas man ugh. #fingerscrossed
LiverFOOL fans barking at man utd fans for being happy that Chelsea won them and saying us 7th and they are 1st
I rather see a man building up his career, being independent and keeping fit then being all lifeless sticking solely to FB/ Twitter/YouTube
Think, Singapore! > 'Modern kampung' to launch in July BTO: New HDB housing complex is the first to put so man... twitterurl
First when my gf recommend me to watch Running Man i was like "what cock show is this?" Now, i got hooked and have watched all 190+ episodes
Hah whatevs, arsenal made my night with 3 points add up closing them with man city. Gunners fight for a better rank aite!
"twitterusername I love to see pictures of man looking at his lady and his eyes telling how much he loves her twitterurl
[TheVerge] Thank you for vaping: New Yorkers protest the new e-cig ban at Museum of Sex: "Hello, thank you for vaping," the man worki...
You think that you've specific type for man/woman. That's not true. When you found her/him, despite everything, he/she becomes your type
Thanks man ! Guess I'm not as strong as youRT twitterusername I know how it feels. RT twitterusername I have a dad but I don't feel like I have one
Dear Goddess of Mercy, i just want one man that love me in his old age ....still buy flowers and a card and bring it to my grave every year
"you should be aiming to have a circumference of less than 94cm (37in) if you???re a man and less than 80cm (31.5in) if you???re a woman."OK CAN
if anyone asks me if i miss my ex or not , i will obviously say i dont . but fuck it man , i would do anything to meet them again .
So this old man looked at me typing my stuff on my laptop & wanted me to take off my adapter from the plug on the floor cos he might trip?
I dreamt of a Malay guy driving a bus at batok who lost his head because of an accident and an old man that had a heart attack. God bless me
Oh and dont forget that the husband is fucking fucked too. The kind of a man who do that to a child deserved to be tortured. Cut his pEnis
I'm not gonna lie I've felt with a few hams. I even made them more then what they we're I want a Real Young man to show me something
Oh man, what a good mourning Monday it is indeed. N I gotta go to the bank later. With a magazine n full batt iPhone for sure. Duh, it's mon
Nigga really tried to run game on ya man son....I didn't invent it but I was born in the belly of the beast...we do that hustle thing
Haha Dafuq man. Was smoking then dad came out of the room. I was holding a cigarette he was right infront of me. But he still act never see
& I heard if you want to overcome a phobia, you have to feel happy while facing your phobia and shit. Wth, no man how to be happy with blood
We are once a toodler. We are once a teenager. We are once a man/woman. We are once a lovely couple. We are once grandma/grandpa one day
"Girl I been in this here long enough, see I been doing this here long enough so imma tell you where I stand I gave my heart to this man."
And thats will totally hurt. Fuck it man dont you have a heart? And if you dont wish to come to me to stay for a long time, then fuck off.
I jus know tt e driver who hit e 2 kids in e fatal accident is a China man!!! FUCK!! Seriously. N he actually ran over one of e boys' head
So farking pissed off in e morn! Cb farker of a man.. Muz u walk to my front to get a cab? I also nt purposely stand in front. My hse is juz
It's so rare n so precious to hv a drama in which both the male n female leads are hero n heroine in their own rights,like The Princess' Man
When I see a man cry over a girl I feel like going up to him & saying "Ayo, you dropped your testicles, pick em up and go on with your life"
Its like a spring man,the more you hold me back the more I propel off and one day there wouldn't be enough elasticity and I won't come back
Living pure so that one day I can tell my kids with a clear conscience: Hey baby, your daddy is a pure man, and you can walk right too.
eh cb twitterusername happy birthday la sia! HAHA i miss u la when r u gonna meet me? has been ages man :-( sigh wtv it is, have a blast! love u x
My dad used to beat me when I was young, so I could ??man up???. Every time my farents fought, he would take it out on me and beat me.
And so they added a photo of a crocodile with bloody teeth looking as if its smiling, to a post about a man being eaten. Oh wow. Happy croc.
i also cant look at a man in the eye. even if hes my boyf. it'll take me a few months or years to get comfortable w a person.
Kev1n- NATURAL ENOUGH MA? Used to be damn close BUT WHAT HAPPENED YOU ASS! We gotta go out soon man! Rich la go off to auzzie not like me :(
A real man comes into your life to join you and to strengthen it, not to pull you out of it & make you his. That's not love. That's robbery.
Coulda cried or went off on him for not being able too do what moms could do but it didn't matter to have a real man thats always here does
Don't knw how long will I be in, whether till Friday, 8-5 or 2 days in 2 days out, just hope to be out by Sat for the game and Iron man 3!
If i were a boy i think i could understand how it feel to love a girl i swear i'll be a better man I listen to her cause i know how it hurts
Bangla paitao u guys sorry RT twitterusername No school today so I'm spending the first half of my day at the gym with a china man and a bangla
B just finished his Iron Man as well. Asked him how was it, he said not bad & (exact words): BUT it could've been better if it was with you
knn cb i want to cry sia bro. f u man. im so sad. pls dont mention me if u know who da... ??? I think i know hahahaha twitterurl
If I want a lapdog, that job is for cats. When I go out, I need to overcompensate for my small penis, with a big dog. YEA. REAL MAN.
Grow up man, you break up, you move on. There's nothing you can do about it. So instead of crying and only be sad about it, move the Fuck on
While having tea/lunch with mom, she had asked what I would like for birthday/Xmas.. Me: I want a man.. Mom: My dear, you can't have a ma...
Im over being a married man magnet..the s**t is played..I deserve better than to be someones side thing..im way to good of a woman for that!
man ok someone among you lads just tried to add me on fb and trust me, you do not want to subject yourself to the torture that is my profile
I can talk spazz say I love u to any man but in my heart there only kyu ...how I wish I can see him ....now monika going it makes me miss
My mother made me watch my first running man (cos she won't change the channel fr me) and ITS SO HILARIOUS. Now I gt what's the hype all abt
n we have a LDH be posting an instavid of him in the passenger seat of a moving car listening to BN's "When I Was Your Man" at 4 friggin AM.
Last time Pogi used to be really mad at me fo loving Kid Cudi more. I'm sorry Pogi, Kid Cudi is the only man who doesnt breaks my heart
Every won't be surprise to see Man U at the bottom of the table if they carry on like this. And that will be the joke of football history.
I wonder one day how many cans of RB can u drink man.. U are gonna dai.. RB + MIB and LUSH! Yes LUSH.. HAHAHA! the last one I like..
shit I smiled at my phone and looked up, seeing this old man looking and me lol fucking pedo and he thought I was smiling at him. okay. no.
Was with some of the guys lastnight & they was killing me with they man talk. Like my ol lady at home but you know I still got my hoes
I dont think I came from some magical Big Bang but at the same time I follow no man made prophecy! I believe in God! So STOP questioning me!
A simple thank you to the man upstairs is not really too much 2 ask 4, I mean he gave u the gift of life. Be grateful to your God. ???
A man who loves the fuck out of my past because he sees the woman I'm destined to become in the future... Even when I can't. I need him.
" I got kids man, i got a mother fuckin girlfriend, i got a wife on the side ! " lool guy said wife on the side tho. Shit never gets old
If money is the issue I don't think kinda mama realize how hard it's gon be for Kandi to find a man that makes the same or more than her
If one night a big fat man jumps in your window, grabs you and puts you in a sack, don't worry, i told Santa i wanted you for Christmas.
A man bearing such level of crudeness to woman dont deserve a place to walk on earth. I hope you treat her better than you ever did to me
i need to sleep, not look at such videos surely God must have blessed her but always think back of how hard it is for a rich man to go to
Only had one and a half hours of sleep, man u match wasnt like how it was, there's a spider prolly crawling on my back & its 8am on a Monday
A woman has no need to nag, yell, or beg to get what she wants & needs. The man either provides or she up & on ha feet doing it on her own
be in ur shoes? what the hell man. you told me to gave you one last chance and you'll prove to me and i did gave u and what happen?
But Kyu still the only man I will marry without so much as a blink I will cling to him till death do us part I would let him get away with
so tired of living in sg already man. trust me if I had the money I would have left this country and bring my whole family to migrate istg
I'm no longer the huge YG admirer like I used to be,but I still hv tons of respect for the man,so it irks me to see ppl bashing him blindly
So im the 1 wrkg has to clean the house, cook & do the laundry while my sis only goes to sch & cntinue sleepg. What the phuck man. So angry.
to be married to the man i "walk down the aisles" for the rest of my days.. i dont to have multiple divorces and wear that white dress more
tell u the truth the reason i stay away from this account is twitterusername she be crazy man lmao ok i kid i love that best friend of mine
yeh what? im a Ze:A's i know but the man i love is twitterusername what ya going to do about it??? if he asked me i would drop every bias i have
Now I can see the real Man Utd fans. For 26 years, you been served by champions. And all of you can't stand for one year of sadness. SHAME.
u 22 bro??? yes i hve to agree u look older than that. hehe RT twitterusername I am a 22 year old man with the looks of 27. Jeez...
Man I wish my lil sister fucked w. me more often . I'm sure we have more in common now, except the fact that she can't take a joke . Damn
I suck at tying other people's hair. I should marry a man who knows how to tie a ponytail so he can tie our daughter's hair, since I suck.
Ardy can't make up his mind lah. Calls me boncet then i start to eat less, after that he said my pipi turun already. What does this man want
Slide over here let you hands feel th way , there's no bte method to communicate. Girl stio yr talking words jus get in th way il be ur man.
Heading to Pasar with le mum early in the morning. Then off to town to get my stuffs in the afternoon! I hope I can wake up man, seriously.
one punch man is nice,when u thought a hero can just win with one hit nth much can write abt it...but the story was a big surprise after all
I'm nt the man fr u. I don't do the girlfriend thing. I'm nt a hearts & flowers kind of guy. I don't mke love. This is all I knw. #50Shades
why do people like to scold me for what i did in the past not like its gonna haunt you in your sleep or smt man. its over, move on in life!!
I find this incredible. Mdm sue mark my ss hw and i did well?This is like a dream man. All the while, she kept giving me 1 mark over 12.
Not happy with me since last year then no need spread false rumor about me to others lah. Be a man and not a pussy talking behind my back.
Met a mad man jus nw..he asked my bro & i for $6..saying that he needs money to tk MRT home in yishun. Huh?? This freaking hr..tk MRT??
That old man using my butt as a prop to get up was funny even though he scared the hell out of me. Never turn your back to old men.
And you know im like that and I do that D8? Wow! I must be living in a hole man.. I dont know im such a horrible person o-o
It's so rare n so precious to hv a drama in which both the male n female leads are hero n heroine in their own rights, like The Princess Man
Ima tell where I stand??,I gave my heart ?to this man, he never mentioned he was in a situation??, he told me I was his one and only?????? !
Why such line have to be in "any otha duties tt may be assigned to u frm tym to tym"- signing urself to slavery & d "big man" will always...
I love susu man it's so good for your body. Strong bones and it helps you grow taller actually but when you were young. Now too late alr lol
The bank lady that called me probably dont believe that's my voice. I mean i just woke up and im having a sore throat. I sound like a man.
Eh at least someone from my batch be in the same class as me lei walao I'm gna be a loner ranger in class staring at my juniors sharks man!
I don't want to know if you just got home nor do I want you calling me like as if you're my bf or tell me you're going to text me. Wtf man?!
Woke up feeling ergh my man is an ass sometimes but I love him. Its like I wanna push him off a bridge then run down to catch him.
My heart never changes for one man....others can come and go but my heart still stops and I stop as time freezes when I see just his name
wish my dad is here w me. we could watch the game tgt. Grandpa is a fan of man utd so his not int to watch the game w me -.-
P6s on the bus talking about getting only 2A and 2B for PSLE to get 216. No way man, i got 3A and 1B and i only got 218 lol.
Let me tell u guys one secret.... When I was p6, I used line. Then my dad was like "I don't wanna catch u watching porn eh" hahahaha wtf man
I need a new paint job. not that anything is majorly wrong w it. I just wanna cover up the minor scratches that bugs tf outta my soul man
I just realized I always have a slick way of saying I'm crying, and I never just say it.... Weird. I need to man up and say it one day.
Officially sent my boy off to his new journey of being a man. He looked so sad so poor thing. Wave wave until I feel like crying. But cannot
I AM OFFICIALLY DONE WITH PI :') tears welling up man i swear . it may seem like a stack of paper to someone but it is my pride and all
Fuck !!! Serious r beb, iron man 3 will be out on 26 april or 3 may ?? Ad poster tnjuk 26 april, ade yng tunjuk 3 may... which fuckin' date?
Iron man eh? Maybe no ah i mean like thurs is da first paper but then it can also take over my time at home tweeting and doing nothing....
Best friend called me, crying.. Today is his NS enlistment. I know how you feel, there's a lot more for you to take to be a man so be brave!
Now got back up already want show your pai lang uh? Got members then got wings one la? Man up la. Dont always depend on your friends la hor.
chiong my work today so I can go home early and sleep in the end makes no difference. kovan man, how the heck he reach here in 10 mins -_-
so funny this girl from thailand she was like oh when i saw you i thought ya thai japanese ahahah i was like oh man. even in my own country
#69 this number as usual haha. Great to have known you ma jr. You're a nice guy but just need to keep your temper in check! See you soon man
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do - Bob Dylan
Every girl wants you to be her man. But I wait right here til its my turn. Im not a kind of girl who give up just like that #np
My Dee Dee went to Duke party and she still out there! KE KE I WANT MY BABY My Mr. Man turned 2 today!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY WIT YA BAD BUTT!
Saw a Chinese man who's AT LEAST 2 METRES TALL! He had to bend his head to enter the shops! And everyone else was just taking a pic of him!
Idgaf. Thought we can be friends. You ask me the advice and i give a good respond to you. At the end, you still trust your fucking jerk man.
Met the msian actor from kes 253 and he gave me a wide, sweet smile when i didn't even smile. Haha but man he looks so fine in person!
just like my previous RT, I ain't saying her color in 2NE1 is not real... aw man you get what I mean my words can't fit into 140 characters
I really only want to see this man acting cute childish sing solos after solo or duets with one other person or three I wanna see him in a
dead cause it wasnt moving. since there wasnt any man ard in the house, we got our neighbours (who were all men) to come and help to lift up
Just saw a China man peeing into a canal and then now he's begging me for money. Wtfffffff no no, get far far away from me. Good God, shooo
You said you have a dream & life, but the truth is your dream & life is you want to be rich without job & your life is depends to an old man
I'm not really a good boy, nor am I a bad boy..... Not really a boy as well, but not yet a man.. But I'm a male! And that rhymes with whale
You can blame the other woman, but the truth is your man is the one that is committed to you, and it's his job to stay faithful to you.
The more muscular and ??fit??? you are as a gay man, the more I will know that you are either a drug addict, steroid addict, or have an STD.
I don???t know if I am happy or not. Because I am still a very angry young man. With burning ideals & desire to change the world. Still angry,
Never do I more keenly feel the need for a man in my life than when I find a lizard in the house that needs to be not alive.
Trying to help a blind man otw home. But he refused. But i just followed him behind and get confused, how he know his house just by a stick?
I'm not in any group. I'm a free man with my own willingness. I am with my circle of friends, be it secular or not. I choose and i choose :)
she want this dopedick, man she want me to fuck but notuhh cause thats part of wastin time if I'm cupcaked up hell the hell am I gon' grind?
I'll never date a rich kid unless he knows how to work and be a man. I'll never date a clubber too. I'll nv date anyone unless he is mature
"If your child's father pays child support and takes care of his child u are not a single mother u are a mother with a child without a man"
I love seeing GD having fun n being silly w his friends, being like any man his age would n not being the super celeb that he is for a while
When i look at you by miley cyrus? Ooh, you gave me that song and i just stalk her profile and she tweets about this song tho. Wtf man?
It doesnt matter anyway. Those words once came from a different man than the one he is now. I know i will get over it when i wake up
Wow respect to that worker man who returned the cash. I mean, he could quit his job and open a prata shop with that amount of money but no..
when i was young i watched Ole Gunner Solskjear as a player at man u,but now im watching him as a coach. fuck i am old and he is a legend :)
Yes...I do...I really only love one man....had been for two years now... twitterusername i know u must be sick of reading this but i love u
Diarrhea. Toilet for the idk how many times. Oh man must be the food at Farmart. But I ate so little only? My sis and bf also nothing haopen
Just thinking about the fact that one day I will be married to the man that I am so in love w/ & loves me just as much makes me so emotional
i had to watch that boring MV all the way to the end to see what i assume is Jay dancing ...why in the shadows??? man that not worth my time
Im so sick and tired of u telling us irrelevant things that no one fucking cares "Omg im going to do this and this" Arent you a man? Be one.
A pillow of concrete a man with no home. Lend him a hand, then we???re walking the way. Leave the virtue of pity, but we live with the shame.
it's easy for people to say man utd fans are plastic when we all know they would do the same if they were in our shoes. sad but true.
I wish I can have you, & I swear I will love you like no other man would. But no, I hope you will get him. Break a leg. You deserve him.
I can't do anything if you're scared of insects but practice what u preach man, and if I cn do it for u now, when can u do it yourself? Die?
All this while my dad said i'm the rudest child in the family. I only see him like less an hour per day. He can judge me. Good job old man
After a while some things are not worth fighting for if a man can't go out his way to show you he wants to be with you then move around
Searching for a man all across japan just to find to find my sumurai. Someone who is but still a little shy, yes I nEed I need my sumurai!
whoa while I was at msia I was literally eating like a pig man. ok I didn't eat much for lunch but WHOA MY INTAKE FOR CNY GOODIES IS ??
people who going ptv concert wow just fuck u hard man F U C K Y O U. im stuck here with no money so try not to make me jealous okay thanks.
"What GOD has joined, let no man put asunder." A RS meant for life is one joined by God, nt human ambition. Is He drawing both of u to Him?
I am an average asian girl...I say Islam is not a religion created by man. Islam come to us..i live day by day.De rest is really up to Allah
Things Fall Apart as Africa is No Longer At Ease having lost A Man Of The People, tall as an Anthill Of The Savannah struck by Arrow Of God
See what i mean. Ppl dont get it when i share my running man stuff. Sucha a bore that i dont have close frens who understand rm like i did
i`m not wait for pious man to take me out for a marriage life, the one i need is, who can guide me well and teach me good things in life.
My old man no longer has any trusts for any guys in my life anymore due to what'd happened. So to my future, try ur luck to please him k.
"The true character of a man is not defined by what he does in front of a crowd but instead by what he does when no one else is around."
You were once the mystery man i fell in love,the urge to kiss you,the urge to keep fighting for you....now all i rmb was it was my faith.
If I dont like u ima get one of my bitches to take ya nigga, and if he hot fam? I might Fuck around and just make em mine man! #SNATCHGANG
Tip for the ladies: If u want a man to leave u alone at a bar, dont tell him u have a boyfriend. They dont care. Tell him u have a penis
Idk bout you guys but to me Iron Man 3 is so-so. The fighting could be more awesome. I even imagined The Avengers join forces in the middle.
I love that Mark Ruffalo only appears at the end of Iron Man 3 haha. I kinda expected there to be some hulk action in the movie.  But naw.
My one seat is only enough for the ahma, with the girl on her lap. Disgusted by those who still act as though the the old man is invisible.
So I was talking to my bro about iron man 3 and he told me that he's excited about sherlock holmes 3 I told him me too but we're gonna have-
If you???re a married man with kids, it???d be prudent not to like picture posts of hot ladyboys on Facebook cos WE ALL KNOW YOU???VE DONE SO LOL.
If a man can't be faithful 2his woman in a relationship and cheating on her 4 u what in the hell makes uthink he's going to be faithful 2 u
When I say "Where Got Time?", I really mean it. I havent even watch Iron Man 3 or any new released movie yet. My last was G.I Joe with.. o.o
why no subs for ep 23 lee soon shin it's subbed it's supposed to be subbed bt there are no subs aw man so lazy to switch on my laptop
#1515 - Great to see you playing for NFA right now man. Miss playing as a team with you in FAA. Good luck for Lion City Cup bro! See ya!
One can bring a horse to the water but if it's not thirsty it'll not drink. One can teach a man to trust but if one doesn't want to trust...
#27 yo man thanks for always being there + listening to my shit and for always making sure I'm ok! I hope ur band makes it big, c u soon!
Me and my brother were talking about batman and all these stuff and dad said I liked iron man and the dude playing it he was fun!THANK U DAD
The life of an uneducated man is as useless as the tail of a dog which neither covers its rear end, nor protect it from the bites of insects
they tell me to step up. but what they fail to tell me is that i need to man up too. & the worst part is, i'm not supposed to.
you talk to me when you need a friend, but when i need a friend? no you dont even sound in the least worried i fucking hate u man
I wonder one day how many cans of RB can u drink man.. U are gonna dai.. RB + MB and LUSH! Yes LUSH.. HAHAHA! the last one I like..
Slam 5 books on my head for fuck. I got make until u anot CB. You man whore. Guy still slam girl's head. CB dog ah. Socially retarded look
I dont know why all I need to see is twitterusername pics and I have a wisful smile ...oh the man I love so far away but to me distance is nothing
I miss you the man I love ....a million words can not say what I wanna say...yet to you I can not say a word...even when we are in the same
Ad perhaps a French man? Okay, my brother is going to scream (in a bad way of course) once he finds out what I am doing with my life.
What are u wearing? No not the baju and all. Your face. Yeah, is it a mask? Take it off and shove it up to your asshole and man up.
One day,you're going to need her.But when that day comes,it will be too late and she will be with a man who knows the value of a woman.
Omg one man just gave me a pack of tissue coz I keep trying to stop my running nose. I think he find me disgusting but I'm glad haha
the delivery man cant wait though. he rang the doorbell, not even 10s later he went to knock the door. AND IT WAS SO HARD. HELLO MY DOOR LOL
I had the same dream but this time, everyone was safe. We were fighting against idkwho but man i got shot a number of times but was all cool
I see them coming,they tryna bring me down but I won't stop,they want me on the ground but I won't stop,till I'm dead man I won't stop,noooo
Man, it really sucks not to have a phone. Why am I so dumb to jump off from the boat to the ocean with my phone in my pocket?! Why Afiq?!
When they sang Hey Jude, man I lost it. And then LET IT BE AHHH I WANNA BE PART OF THE NY GANG! HERE COMES THE SUN TOO OKAY AJAJAJA
uve thrown her away mutiple times and a she can do was keep waiting until u came back yet when uve got bored u dump her again wtf man
I just want to fall in love with my study course so I can study better and get higher pointer and get a better man, not a douche bag.
the theme for dnt is totally crap like my mind is a blank sheet of paper when I have to think about what to do omg fed up man
All i want is him to change into a man wit patience. I dun mind if not full but at least have a little patience. His temper nvr change.
Ive been sitting here, cant get u off my mind. Ive tried my best to b a man n b strong. I drove myself insane, wishing i could touch ur face
A man wearing so formal walked up to me, tapped me and said nicely he needed a dollar coz he was hungry. then a sudden flashback in my mind.
Jeez man, I've got work. I can't be always on my phone. Fine I get it. I'm the asshole. I can't be who you want. I am who i am.
Now that I finally official be allowed to go see the man I love ...it doesnt matter when it doesnt how much I am no longer feeling so burden
I think we all know who the politician in #RajaGoyang pics, time to move on let his own parties deal with it.This #PRU13 is abt MY not 1 man
I'm not gonna lie I've delt with a few hams. I even made them more then what they we're I want a Real Young man to show me something
So thankful. Juz like the old tyms. No matta how old you are,tt one special man will wait up for u & fetch u afta a late night of work....
I fell in love with man. And then he fell out of love with me. And when i have the chance to love again, i run away from it.
A considerate man ran down from a double decker bus to give a dropped phone to a guy, but the guy say it's not his. And gave it to driver??
It's my off day and I just wanna sleep in but my mom just had to say that the air con man is coming later. Off day mission fail.
20 mins just 20mins i be on a plane to war seoul and the only man that i would die to go see 8hours to we in the same country a day to see
Let no man despise ur youth; but be an eg to those who believe, in word, in ur way of life,in love,in spirit,in faith & in purity -1Tim 4:12
Fuck man, I feel like giving one tight slap to those people who don't take care of my things well. I trusted you that's why I lend it to you
aw man i love 2/6. we were supposed to have the health check up now but ethan went to tell the ppl that we were having a test so
Sent you a message only to tell you off nicely and you humji? My temper's very good wan but if you wanna test my limit, ill fck you man.
Bitch you know how much i hate you but you still got the guts to msg my bf . Well fuck you man i hete you no matter what happens
Came out of zouk ard 4/5am pulse still can't get a cab till we need to take bus home at 6am. First time man. But it was a good ride thou.
someone just sent me a text and told me that i was absent for o lvl math entrance test?  if get A/1/2 for math, no need go what wtf man.
Tried to social dance w syuk. Cannot make it lol. Horrible. But i got to social dance salsa with a nice man who knew how to lead THANK GOD.
Please forgive me, please excuse me But there's nothing else that a man can do I cannot pass or think a woman I just need to be next to you.
Chinese woman and indian man arguing over a cab lol. The woman so mean. He flag the cab. Then the woman went in front of him and flagged too
A man that wears a suit & ties is real G.. They got shit fucked up. Real men use to wear suits and handle their business back in the day.. !
Itsokay we aint no chic we're ladies sista THE man will come RT twitterusername all no chics all talk to me got chics alr forget me STORY OF MY LIFE
There was a lizard on my car. Omg. What luck. N I am terrified of the creatures!! Had to pull a super bimbo & ask a man for help. #ashamed
I have this fear that one day I might do it to someone and it turns out to be a girl. K that would be a nightmare man. Slap to the face.
Old man on his phone.Im on my phone. Bet hes texting me,to go to his home. Shawn is here,reading this tweet.So he can come and lick my feet.
I really will worship the man who puts a ring on my finger , I swear I annoy the crap out of my own damn self at times. Im bipolar
CRIES!! now how :( should i just book it on sunday.. it would be stupid to book on sat. then i can stay there like 3 days man from sun onwar
I really really didn't expect to get a scholarship this yea cos i only got a gpa of 2.5 last yr. i must really really thank my teachers man.
#24 Awh man I miss you! You were the only guy I trusted with everything . I BETTER have a class w you next year or else im gunna flip lol
I think my parents don't understand that I am a working man now; that I do have to do work at home, MC or not. I don't have time for chores!
And I've waited all night long no I know what I wanna say, I wanna say ay, ay, ay, everybody get up and stand, I wanna be your man~
So happy! but no one's here to share, I can't help myself to share it here in Twitter. Not to brag, but this kinda luck man, no easy shit.
As a self respecting gay man, it's says a whole lot if he now refuses to have any Lady Gaga songs on his iPod. You've lost a fan, honey.
But seriously,there is a long way to get yet in the season n to convince me that Moyes has it all figured now n is the man for the job.
Tsk. My body clock is screwed and I can't sleep but it told off by my mum. Seriously. To me, 2/3am is consider 11pm/12am to me man.
"What we???ve seen so far is a man earnest in his desire to bring Singapore football to the next level, and he is having to do so in an ..."
I'm filled with envy towards people who can find love and fall in love in such a short time. But no guys ever appear on my path man. Sad.
I'm just a simple man who dreams of one day sitting between James White and James Black so I can say "Well, this is a bit of a gray area."
Speaking of balls i was at a store and the staff was helping a man show stuff and the wife was like "why you talk to my husband" lololol
the last time stoke played at old trafford, we won 4-2. the last time we played at stoke, we won 0-2. how drastic can changes be man omg
There only one man I want a solo from.preferably one that last a lifetime twitterusername in two days it been two years .and I love u more not less
"Like Byrd or Magic or somethin..yea u know a nigga got dough a nigga could leave the league but if I leave the fans still gone love me man"
If Only I Had twitterusername To Go To Sleep With & Wake Up To SMH I Would Make Sure That Man Is Taken Care Of..Lord have Mercy He Is Blessed
How I wish my dad was 20 years younger.. That way I could feel safer than usual.. A man who loves me whole heartedly and would go far for me
i swear all of you are fucked up. got balls to ditch him, no balls to tell him. man up please all of you. and y'all call him your friend -.-
He thinks hes the only one who can speak a dialect and annoy me cz I cant understand hah. My mother has taught me dialects too, you old man.
Wow okay this fucking bus driver has the guts to nod his head at me when he closed the fucking door in my face fuck u man karmas a bitch
i can never pretend to marry a man let alone live with him as a fake wife....i only want to do the Tea Ceremony once in my life ...i want
Wishing me a man that is perfect for me is fine ....it be up to me if I let him in my scarred heart ....good luck future bf u gonna need it
When you find a man you love ever so deeply, a love you know you can never have with anyone else. Hold tight. Great love is not easy to find
They describe Nabi Yusuf as the most 'beautiful' man in the Quran. If i hv a son, i want him to be as good looking as him inshaaAllah haha
I wear myself with a moral of a man,aint ashamed of it,just my morals and dont judged me for how i potray it,you aint saint either.
I don't know who Seo Junyoung is or any other drama he is in...but in less then 4 hours this man has made me swoon fall in love twitterusername
"We all get a bag of hammers. The thing is what u do with these hammers. That shows u what kind of a man u are" - Ben, A Bag of Hammers 2011
Wah piang eh, the PSI of the car in front of me must be over 500 man! The dust on the car is so thick I cannot even see the driver!
THIS is why im still dreaming of a perfect love ....have not found the man im willing to wait for and stay true for the rest of my life
Ms lee said all our efforts went down a deep deep drain. She said we need to go to the drain for a class outing. Man time to work hard
What???s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.\
finalised im going to japan....man that sucks - mum said no way cuz went on her own....i ask her what about dont u think i might go with a
haahah I told the organizer oh man 3 to 4 am? means I only have 1 hour to party after.. then he said hello u still have the after party..
Yes nonsense I dream of a fantasy with a man that I love he doesn't know my name face let alone who I am but I just can not stop loving him
twitterusername for both man. yup for iPhone n iPad, but thr's a website storage page also for you to access on ur comp. go chck it out its grt
IDC man., if i see Instructor Utt or Alan on the street I will just shout out to then.. IDC if they lose face or whatever;) they are AWESOME
Man my mum, freaking tempting me to be a maid, $200 per month do the freaking chores, which means i got to get home early and go out less
Sigh dance already took away three days of my week and it may be changed to four days in future when syf is nearere. Wtf man. Kill me pls
I am sooooo inlove w/dis girl man she loyal af &beautiful she on her shit g & keep a smile on her face no matta what her name #Jonnicqua :-)
Its been a month since u been gone &I wake up er mornin like "cant buhlee u gone y it had to be u bro" I still love &miss u man twitterusername
just cos you want to know sth and people alr feel damn sad and dw to tell you,you have to make the person even more insecure. Good job man.
This out here on the block Husslin he bout 50 lol I'm like man yu should be a damn king pin by now yu to old for dis lol
A man truly loves you when missing you is his hobby, caring for you is his job, making you happy is his duty, and loving you is his life. ?
woke up to my dad saying he had an accident when hes at the door. he fell off his bike when a pedestarian chose to cross during a red man.
Its so hard to find a decent man out there nowadays. So what if we are living in 2013,there are women who upholds her dignity & pride. Its n
Some guy in a Man Utd shirt here has the name "ELAINE" at the back. I really hope it is a tribute to some girl and not his actual name.
Wow this guy so handsome but when he went in the train he literally ran to steal a seat I was eyeing on WAH U WATCH OUT MAN U WATCH OUT
Ladies, a real man & a real love is one that tells you the truth, keeps you on the right path & close 2 Allah !! Not one that sins with you.
A man where can always accept the faith of his life. No matter how hard the situation is, take it n find the best solution for a better life
A hero can be anyone even a man doing something simple to ensure that a person is fine and tell him/her that the world is not gonna end
Maybe that is why I dun believe in love ever since after E.u can never have a man Tt loves u 4ever.Maybe for the next 10 years but not 4ever
Had the most horrible dream of my mom being shot by some crazy man in a plane on e way to visit my brother in Vienna. My eyes flew open.
im supposed to go to kk for my appoinment then u say no need go cause no money. Wtf man. reason why i dont bother telling u my problems -.-
#14 hello Berry, long time nvr catch up alrdy! i still rmb sec 1 we like so close man! now hardcore RM fan! not bad !:D thanks so much- cont
#18 Hey man, peer class de!:D you're a very sporty guy & can run very fast! Oh & you dance REALLY well at TRDO when I first saw you dance!:D
"I held the door for an Asian man today. He said "sank you" So I punched him in the throat. How dare he bring up pearl harbor like that."
If i get to go to Vietnam for YEP, man that will be my 2nd time visiting in Vietnam. Last i went was in Sec 3 for Overseas Camp. :)
Man anybody that kno me kno when I get sick I get angry as hell n shut down smh n if I could sleep the whole time my body acting up I would!
... Wtf Man U dont know how to apply makeup u buy so much.. Confirm plus chop what I have u will have 2-5 different brand of the same item
I once work at an aborginal clinic ...a man used ventolin 2 inhaler in a week every week he can go up to 6 ..and dont give..he wave his cane
No I will just stop running after some one I can not have...that man had become too much to me ...more then life...I can no longer live
Got no idea what man u is doing nowadays! Attack ah!! Through pass ah! Make runs ah! We could have score if rvp decided to run down the line
Off go buy mac for supper. Im so fat look at my thighs =( i gained 0.2kg in 3 months =( god i eat so much im obese man i have 2 meals a day
I have never seen a man so lame as Sunggyu in my life...how can that boy be a leader??? He can't even take care of himself let alone those
All I want is nothing more to hear you knocking at my door 'cause if i could see your face once more I could die as a happy man I'm sure
A lot has changed in a yr. A yr ago i was in love with a man who meant the world to me. Came to a realisation life is still fine without him
dont be mad lah if i always play with my phone dad,,,,,bcs idk what to do in this house man haha u asked to cook sorry i cant lol
To find the man I like so I can see as much of him as I can I didnt care if u noticed me or not I just wanted to imprint ur face in my heart
I bet that Arsenal match will be less than 3 goals. Man U match less than 3 goals and fulham match will be 3 goals or above. I got it right
SGSO: I love my son, I rmb him telling me to give him only $5 a month as allowance and I'm proud of him. Training him to be a man.
Happy Birthday to the very first man in my life. The one who never fails to make me smile. Love him to the moon and back, my dearest Dad.
My heart still knows how to love a man unrequitedly even if I dont believe in love it doesnt listen to my logic it sings to a different tune
I m eating in the bus cs i cnnt tahan my hunger and the Poly guy seated infront of me is digging his nose and ate it fml man, spoil my mood
As much as I don't want L'pool to get 3 pts, it's kinda nice watching man u suffer so much in a game. Served them a piece of the humble pie.
All my life I fought that fight, the one that no man can never win, and every day it just gets harder, to live the dream I'm believing in.
Sianballs la eom omg and maths lecture test tmr oh man. And econs tut and stupid gp tut omg hate gp tut though I don't even hate the sub.
idk ah u nvr once appreciate all those things we did for u. i dnt think u need us also as ur friend. u just need us when u fight with ur man
7 days 6 nights to my beloved twitterusername 7 days of counting the seconds 6 nights of dreaming of seeing the man i love again & to see trap live
"twitterusername Too bad i alr watch all the ep of running man then now hve to keep waiting fr 1 week fr the nxt ep." Today release latest ep!
So this older man just asked me for the chair that I've put my bag on. I don't mind leaving my bag on the floor, but there's a lot of
Jan 2013 to april 2013. A total of 6kg lost. Not bad but I want it to be down somore. Another 6kg to go! I can do this shyt man!
Do not eat the bread of a man who is stingy; do not desire his delicacies, for he is like one who is inwardly calculating - Proverbs 23:6-8
Getting the iron man 3 Midas mark XXI for $600 + ugh it sucks that if you miss a preorder you'll end up paying $200-300 more for a figurine
And perhaps a French man as well? Okay, my brother is going to scream(in a bad way of course) once he finds out what I am doing with my life
Maybe i'll get famous as the man who cant be moved maybe u wont mean to but you'll see me on the news and you'll come running to the corner
can i just go to the part where i know that i will be one of the richest man and evry dreams of mine will come to true? hmm
N there is nothing much for me to enjoy in my single life anyways. I am just working my life away like a mad man obsessed with my job.
Fuckin hateee when ppl in the office get angin bits of coffee in the sugar container coz it fuckin ends up in my tea. Do ya sugar 1st man
'Be men, fight fair, DAP tells Barisan Nasional' OK LGE lets b a man, stop #DAP bullying of #ROS n stop hiding behind BN if u r in trouble k
Lol I die :"D RT twitterusername "Ladies if ur man is cheating on you,dump him and date his dad,make him ur stepson" ha ha ah ha ah ah ha #fb
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. No man has learned anything rightly, until he knows that every day is fun
I hate when mytwitterusername man try to lie about what type of strain the weed he be giving me is like I ain't gon catch him. I smoke too much.
She turned Sec three this year. Man if there was anyone from Sec 3 in this whole country she has to be the only one I'd go for lol
Ok but really nak pergi lari. Shall drag my man the next time we meet don't care if I have to personally drag him to it. But I will.
I'm not trying to say that i'm smart but i hate being in a group full of slow-thinking people. Like cmon man, chop chop get the work done!
walk away ..that how i feel about it and that why im still single and will remain so for a long long while cos there is no man i have met
with nothing but the look of pure adoration and love in my eyes ....because he IS the only man that i would do anything for and to die for
I can not I surrender whatever man I in too much pain for this if moon Appa doesn't turn up so be it.. My pains and shakes wait for no one
I think she had loads of fun and my man love her so much till the point where i scold her, i got scolded back. HAIS PILEH KASEH KE SKRG
man mum back to pushing me to buy a new ipad there a crack well a long one and the screen is well green half the time and omg it really old
"I wear my heart on my sleeve for everyone to see the man i wanna be. I just hope they see you when they look at me cause are everything.."
