Goodmorning mey ??
Gmorningg mey ! ;)
Realistis dong mey :'
Facial timeeeeee w mey???
Lope monday lontong for mey
Hello. My name is mey mey. Let shake our hand! Muehehe @ Bachang, melaka twitterurl
haish done study statistic . tq mey
Followed mey RT twitterusername RizkyAsunandar beh folbek
Late dinner w mey,peh at rm.cirebon???
Mey be this is still not my time ..
Comic 8 (with mey riska at twitterusername ??? twitterurl
With Zola and Mey at Kampoeng Popsa ??? twitterurl
Mey.. pratically stalks everyone who stalks exo in berlin
Mey wants to ship herself to sg HAHAHHAHA
lol mey your tumblr dp is ... the pajamas pants pic !!!
Mey better love me omg the post is soooo long
humko hamee sey churalo.dil mey ghayi hey chopalo.emmmm emmmm.
Ecieee mey (??? ??) "twitterusername Kemaren cerita sma twitterusername sampe mata sipit (??_??)"
ops i took too long mey is gone LOL
Selamat 5 bulan Mey cin :) longlast ?RT twitterusername twitterusername laah ce mey jg anniv yo? hehe happy 28th ce meeey, longlast yooo :))"
its rare.. mey is online for a long time today LOL its like 2am alr
It's really sweet when someone bothers to remember the first day you guys mey??????
"twitterusername manager hyunkyun (specialty: slapping) RT twitterusername who's even athletic in exo" LOL MEY
Gosh im getting more and more into exo bc of mey lol
I have been strong for to long .. mey be time to relax my shoulder.
really hope to see mey ;A; and attend a event there lol
i am ///slow/// but idek that im friends w mey on facebook omg such a fail LOL
"twitterusername sorry not sorry RT twitterusername Gosh im getting more and more into exo bc of mey lol" mean !!!!
Needs to block mey bc she is the source of evil (mainly kris) on my timeline huuuhuuu i should get off twitter
Thankyouuuu Memeeyyy jeniusss :D hahah iyo mey :'D RT twitterusername Happy sweet 17th twitterusername !!! All the best for you! Motorny dk hilang
Finally homeeee TT.TT I need to give myself master sun finale episode as a gift. You're doing good today mey /pat pat pat/
twitterusername IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY!? Man, it was just last year we bought for you a Lil Wayne iPhone cover. Ah. Enjoyyyyy! Last long w Mey! ???
Got such thing here mey? "twitterusername In Singapore, the holiday National Night is specifically to encourage sex and increase the nati...
