Hep ! Sedak lah.. I say wat lex, wat peace, wat lex wat lex wat peace...
Nope. Not even close. You probably don't even remember me. :) ??? Wat. Wat wat wat wat who twitterurl
wtf RP's offering international business wat wat wat
eh wait.. tomorrow is June... wat wat
wat i knew was not wat i receive, being deceived and being mislead. wat a life.
c1:wat c2:wat c3:wat c4:bye RT twitterusername Alevel Core Maths problems\
What question do you ask yourself a lot? ??? wat? wat? wat is going on? twitterurl
Breakfast near angkor wat temple, @ Angkor Wat Temple twitterurl
Wat lek wat pis.. #Wondering #DontForce #LetThem twitterurl
Wat will tomar brng
Omg wat is this??
$25 Firefox phone wat.
Soo annnoying for wat?
Today got wat match??
wat the fuck twitterusername
Wat tah wondaful world
WAT? Chauster leaving CLG????
Wat happen! ??? Nothing twitterurl
Wat a boring night!
Downstairs got wat programme.
boring or wat
"twitterusername twitterusername wat?"what?
Lord wat will today bring
wat abt this one twitterurl
Wat yu lookin at betch
Litle india rioting now? wat
Wat chalong temple yo. twitterurl
Following week ada WAT test
Wat to bring for ss?
wat is dit ?? #4pics1word twitterurl
Shock hearing wat happen unexpected!
wat a game @ stamford bridge..
Wat ima drnk tonitee hmm
Early morning feel so wat..
Wat seterong wih me toniteeee -.-
Wat a hot weather today..
and im crying ok wat
Wat to wear tmr LOL
u know wat.. screw maths.
Argh keep moving for wat!
Wat is wrnggg wit ppl
wat is the boss doing ...
Wat wong with justin bieber ?
Reclining Buddha. @ ?????????????????????????? (Wat Pho) twitterurl
Wat ekzekly hapeng now? Hm :/
Wat time is meeting anyway?
stop holding on to wat hurts n mak room for wat feels gooood!
??twitterusername Urghhhhh tension with my face.Hate it!??? Wat wong nada ? Wat wong ?
I wear wat ever float ma boat fuck wat u heard
Wat why is teacher not teaching wat why did he stop.
Window8 dah ah nak wat ad hoc connection xleh.. Wtf win7 senang je wat
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername cnfirm dia dtg ni..??? wat lex wat due ! smus stby
??twitterusername I am not wat I've done, I am wat I've overcome.???
??twitterusername No class today fuckk off.tau blk smlm je???  wat lex wat due !  pejaa mme
Wat about us ? Wat about now? what about now y0u fuck off?
"Wat peace wat lek" Someone want to see the world burn..
A fucking D for my dg when I was actually present. Wat wat.
wat wat wat? stupit brein? mana ada ya :p RT twitterusername i hate school more than i hate my stupid brain otl
"twitterusername why is demi lovato performing in malaysia for free but we have to pay for her concert in singapore wat" wat wat
Prayer is nt asking God for wat u wan but for wat God's will and plan for us which is always best then wat we think :)
??twitterusername Done with my shower.??? WAT
Not sure wanna wait till wat time
wat did i do wrong twitterusername
Wat is wrong with my head ~.~
Idk wat to wear fer later.
??twitterusername Vic no twitterurl HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA WAT
??twitterusername twitterusername wat game u playing ???? DRAGONBALLLLLLLLLLL
No idea wat you're talking about
Starving don't know wat to eat.
Wth wat is the big announcement??
companies.. ya know wat i mean..
Hungry liao dunnoe wat to eat: (
Oops sorry wrong Ashley ??? WAT twitterurl
??? Wat I cannot see this question twitterurl
wat the fuck r u doing twitterusername
Wat show is tis! Omg scary sia!! ??
Thinking of wat to eat later.
its so hot wat the frick frack
theres people dressing up as halloween wat
SEAsia Trip Tip: Wat Phnom twitterurl
Kuya's favorite song is MAMA. Wat brade
Wat the fuck was that cheksny!
wat shopping time omg u faster!!!!!!!
??twitterusername twitterusername cocok jubo dia..??? WAT
Wat so big deal about trypophobia?
Wat happen during ussr just now?! Omg...
hi JR . nah roll me wat kn
Wat if tmr rains too. Nonono kenot ..
Stop Repeating Wat I Said !!!...LOL !!! twitterurl
??twitterusername Comic strip at esplanade today??? WAT
Haiyo still thing wat to wear -.-
amazong c wat i did there
Wat happen at that Hanna burg scrimmage?
Caner nak wat flash. Help T.T
The most Impt: wat to wear !!
I dun even know wat to feel
Wat "twitterusername Taylor Swift loves anal twitterurl
Going to visit Wat Phnom later. :)
Wat wif fb n ic name?
Check and see the similarity ??? wat twitterurl
But wat if they're not there anymore ???
wat playable fighting RKB GAME?! LINK!
Wat is sup tulang without somsom
Lord wat ima do too this head
Put in all that work... fah wat?
wat r u wearing nw? ??? shirt twitterurl
Da mmg lapar nk wat cane == hemmm
Morning whoa wat a sleep..haha...peaceful
Nk wat photoshoot camnila nnt..hehehhe twitterurl
??twitterusername Playing lan after work!!!??? WAT
??twitterusername twitterusername Wah Raiders.... Fierce XD??? WAT
Ok she didn't lose her job wat
Hmmm wat will tonite brng me
So boring dunno wat to do.
??twitterusername Stacked Cheeseburger & Fries twitterurl wat no
Btchs dnt know wat being loyal means
Wat the fuck is wrong with me..
what my bro got note2???????????? wat
Wat is bhb ??? Buey hiao bai twitterurl
wat phone u own? ??? xperia twitterurl
can i ear u ??? wat twitterurl
LOL 7 for the color test.... wat
A cow buying a milk, wat? XD
U using wat hp ??? iPhone twitterurl
Umumum dats wat I'm dealing with
cracking my head thinking wat to write
lek wat ????#asot600kl #asot #inisemuapoyo #throwback twitterurl
Tis trending for wat sia? #dontgiveuptengxuancheryl
wat is wrong with Tanamin hair wwwww
Wat did i eat today sia seriously???
U do wat big business sia?? Cb
Haha miggy what sia wat i do
You know wat I'm done trying
Wat channel? RT twitterusername Watching selena
Wat will i eat for dinner sia :(
"Education is not free" U WAN WAT?
one by one merajok. wat is life
Tomorrow we going to Angkor Wat. ???
Wat is twitterusername talking about right now?
milky just chop of her hairrrrrr wat
Now wat train stoping at yishun !! Sighhh
Anw currently wat are you doing ? twitterusername
"twitterusername Wat twitterurl must be thanksgiving day
go home have to wat steamboat again >.>
wat class you in ??? 2E1 babeh twitterurl
justin is turning 20 tmr omAIGAT WAT
Expo got wat today? Why ramai orang
I went before Wat Rong Khun!
So emotional about everything recently wat
"do not save wat is left after spending but spend wat is left after saving." - dion emerald
di balikeun eta mah -__- RT twitterusername Care rudet is wat=))RT twitterusername twitterusername wat rudet is care ? =))
Kim why you so chio huh? Explain nao. ??? WAT WHO IZ DIS and wat chio dis is lianz language\
Beauty of #UNESCO #travel destination Angkor Wat, one of 7 wonders in the #world. @ Angkor Wat Temple?? twitterurl
Pd sy, kwn tu nk annoying mne pun dye ttp kwn... Jd xperlu unfollow.. Wat lex wat peace jek.. Auuummm...
I don't trip wit god about wat I need I just thank em for wat I got ..
Ask not wat a pussy can do fur u, but wat u can do fur a pussy!
oh my god wat was that at the pasar malam
So now wat?  i have to work morning on sunday
??twitterusername Yoooo Jabree is sooooooo funny lmao??? wat I do ??
gurl wat RT twitterusername Jsmnmhffy stop being so perf
i dont knoe wat cosmic gate is playing. 0.0 #ASOT600KL
Wat ting tat we cn do at night ah.
kalau cosmic gate dtg Aq wAt line clear .
Can't wait to see wat game Shaun buy for me
??twitterusername been shitting water the past 5 days????? WAT
??twitterusername Omfg. Sedapl pe drg main. HAHAHAHA??? WAT
??twitterusername Morning monday bluess...??? lex lu wat due !
Wat will happen if we aree latee tmr ?? O.O  Hmmmmmmmm ~ ~
??twitterusername Wat existing products can find at home????? chicken rice
wat the #LOHYEHMOHYEH so touching ah basstitsss.. :D RT ?twitterusername
Eiei wake up so early for wat? heading bed again: (
And guess wat taeyeon seriously post something about jessica
I shoot str8 wat I need with a weight room !?
??twitterusername twitterusername wassup yoo??? wat u getting into today?
remember when i thought accounting was easy??wat a dumb
Amazing shimmering temple. (@ Wat Nong Bua | ????????????????????) [pic]: twitterurl
I hate wen niggas act drunker than wat dey are !!!!
Baucer tinggal lagi rm100. Donno wat to do
"twitterusername "twitterusername shes so cute wat" @ me" not u
Ehk wat the fuck happen to my twiiter
First triple science now double english ?? next wat ?! -.-
They said kai had corncrows hair for recording wat
U look young wat grade are u in ??? 11th twitterurl
Haiya wat to wear tmr what to wear
my teacher finds it amusing to torture us wat
Guess wat I am still fangirling about yesterday hehe
Of Yesterdays. | Day 2 | #wataruntemple @ Chao Phraya, Wat Arun twitterurl
I know wat not to do before i sleep
So many peopleeee wearing uniqlo product in TP. Wat
I wonder wat is plan for me in the future
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername wat i not ok!??? K
Wat did I just hear from fina mouth hahahaha
Ur ec from engineering wat course?? ??? hahahah why twitterurl
Yo Tweet Nigga Slow Ass Boa ??twitterusername twitterusername wat nigga????
Omg!!!!! Can't wat for 2 degree of artttt
can you turn off you body? ??? wat twitterurl
i forgot how to play flappy bird wat
wat attracts u to someone ??? Smell looks twitterurl
i think i know wat hair color i want now.
What the hell did thug banner thing just...... flew wat
Walao eh dk wat to wear for tml. Zzz.
Dunnoe wat to wear for art exhibition tomorrow!! twitterusername
Downstairs got wat programme ah? So noisy. Got music.
Let her compliment another persons avi n see wat happen !!
Wat.. OTL i'm just laughing at this twitterurl
100. RT ??twitterusername twitterusername fuck wat niggas think???
Walao eh. Tmrw go the dk wat home.. boliao sia
I need to be doing wat grown folks do
??twitterusername Started watching porn when i'm in P1??? WAT
Wat a noob i m wht is this hehe twitterurl
Wat tix are u guys fighting of as we speak?
creates oxygen with the reaction of water wat.
What who say one ??? who say wat twitterurl
Hmmm got wat Anime or drama to intro ne?
Omg he exposed wat qingqing did to everyone thr!!!
WAT IS LUV ??? Commitment, caring for one another and trust.\
which is like wat... there's only young jump :/
another pic ? ??? WAT R U TOKIN ABT twitterurl
Anything happen to you i lnw wat to do.
This ain't wat u want nigga no lacking over here
demi drew a penis??? im so slow omg wat
Wonder wat they are doing rn for SNW.
Why unity sec so happening ah. Got wat prog.
ade org nk copy email nk wat pe ?
Out...wat a game..interesting but bo~~~~~ring~~~~~~..
heard there's kinky action on the field. wat
Inb4 nak wat camana. Kita follow the leader jer
Im chillinRT twitterusername twitterusername wat u got up
Siting back thinking about wat you did on yr past
Should have brought my jacket I'm freezing wat is this
wat RT twitterusername Siaaaalah pundeh, this game really exist uh?\
wat the heck.. ske doing marketing for samsung?
kris wat are u doing at my twitcon
wat time u coming?? hen xiang ni!! twitterusername
We still on for the Morning or Wat ?!?! twitterusername
I have no idea wat to wear tomorrow hmm
??twitterusername ??twitterusername twitterusername  wat would u do ? twitterurl
I cannot find my glasses wat is tis
O well her big 5 gonna be wat she want
So long~~ translation wat th hell u toking ??
Okie faster show me wat nice moviee to watch ^^
Da twu xdew mood wat pew call2 lg..
Wat is my mum waiting for gy keje la zzzz
Wat u got in spanish bra? ??? B- twitterurl
((wat am i doing with my life idk))
Wat will happen if I tell u? ??? Nothing much :) twitterurl
Going out 4 days in a row wAt
time2 gini la ko wat clear stok kn .
Someone wearing the same grey SCANDAL shirt as me. Wat
wat.. are they cooking eggs in the AQGR recording studio?
I have no idea wat i'll wear tmr ...
So aku mintak.saturday off guess wat her answer?
omg wat happen to Mimi...she's like shrunk a lot
I've no idea wat phone to buy yet. -.- aishh
"twitterusername What's your favorite style of nipples?" omfg WAT
wAT RT twitterusername #ThreeWordsSheWantsToHear "I sing bass." #OhMyGodYes #LOWER
twitterusername yo!! wat abt the iphone 5 PRICE???
"twitterusername twitterusername malto dah nerd." im like nerd already wat...
Rock ya Own Shit is wat im sayin lol
Chilling RT twitterusername twitterusername nothin sister wat u up too?
"twitterusername siao crazy meru oshi on alert lolol" WAT?
Wat dnt kill only killing ur ass ha!!!!!
Spend 12 bucks plus on food.omg wat was I thinking.seriously
You gone to school for wat ??? some english programme twitterurl
Wat u sing now? ??? Dont wake me up ???? twitterurl
Pap? :-) ??? I m beautiful no matter wat dey say twitterurl
Im broke is that wat yu wanna hear not near ..
nearly 50k tweet ? wat the fak i tweet about ?
Wat de fak is rong with det faking bullshitt girl?!
Wat happened to dem???? RTtwitterusername Calabar girls.....hmmmm???
wat "friend" ? ??? Sibei pro leh u. Haha  not bad twitterurl
Ailee is so brave! Show them wat you you got!!!
Wat song is this :o sounds really catchy
Another angkor wat shot of the besties in #siemreap. #Nofilter \
Friend trying to convince me his MBTI is INTF. wat.
Like your cute cheeky face QT twitterusername Sewe like wat?
feeling like crap. wat is wrong with my health
Wat if s.g got this kind of block no.? twitterurl
I have no idea wat to wear tomorrow
Cb lah eyes don know use for wat!
Can I take back my words! See now wat happen
hongleong wants to make me a bimbo wat
cmon betches no ragrets ya kno wat im sayin twitterurl
fking stressed hahaha wat am i doing with my life
Wat is ur WOW factor? ??? My attitude lah twitterurl
??twitterusername Wat da weather looking like outside???? It's Str8
??twitterusername Meeting my father to collect my beburd. ;)??? WAT
KU not that good from wat I just seen ..
Omg wat happen to ??? sia? He got some sickness ah?
watching running man and I'm just like........ wAT
I'm at ????????????????? (Wat Liap) (Mueang Ubon Ratchathani, Ubon Ratchathani) twitterurl
Chilling Woe! RT twitterusername twitterusername wat up rider!
Omg wat chenyu your dad helped Aisyah's family move house
Everythng is just so expensive now sia wat the shit
wat seriously happen at Saturday event...during K-NEXT
Comey abg twitterusername wat muke comel tdi hehehe #kakibola ..
I mean i overuse those words. Dah biasa wat~
SEAsia News: More to Cambodia than Angkor Wat twitterurl
Look wat i found.! fazirazyraa ^_^ Taken years back! Heheh! ;) twitterurl
Till now im still thinkin wat am I gonna wear -.-
Haha tot of buying u something hmm but wat
Thats wat i get for trying a New Nailshop . Ugghh
Well this is wat I'm doing now haha twitterurl
PSPS; Pretty Stupid Presentation Session. wat I doing am twitterurl
I can hear wat they saying clearly in another room.
Wat others think of me is none of my business
Strumming my guitar but idk wat to play.
Wtf she wants me to start packing alr??? WaT????
I know wat they going wear for the event Liao!
wat a dumb bimbo. insuting the indians thru fb.stupid move.
Cousin getting pissed because she can't find her underwear wAt
??twitterusername I have the worlds blur bestie ever. twitterurl wat
idk wat to wear for this friday graduation
Meeting tam and sam at 11 wat confirm coffee alr
I still have no idea wat to wear tomorrow haiss
I shoot straight wat I need witta weight room ..
Dk wat sch i'll be gg to next yr.
favourite all the time wat the fak tap twitterurl
So now wat all have gone to waste ah bagus !
Big face statute in Angkor wat #Cambodia Siem Reap. twitterurl
i put my sleeping songs on ere woa wat twitterurl
Living it up in Angkor Wat. #siemreap #Nofilter.\
wat is puke out gastric juice twice fml
nak wat camne. customer is priority! go go!
how do ppl remember wat time someone rts them like
So wat sissy said yesterday was so effing true!
I'm already looking forward to dinner tonight. WAT
No why? jz  ask oni ??? Wat date ah twitterurl
tibe tibe kena wat program computer  ...wehh susa do
Yu never kno wat a person is going thru
Wat time is rp showing us our results? Anyone? No?
If it ain't foreign it's boring wat dem bitches say ??
No idea wat cca should i take up.
wheee~ alrdy decided on wat to wear on 518  ^^v
Omg wat 12yr old girls smoking at cine wattt
Bf: wat u wan me to sing for u? \
I think i pms. Got so angsty for wat??????
"twitterusername Juz wondering wat are u doing currently~"
Angkor wat cocktail in #Cambodia signature drink! @ Asian Square twitterurl
macam gan report project mgt nk wat mcm ne??
3days off idk wat to do omg so boring
I been eating more fish than chicken wat is this???
Ohh I see wat time is the concert? twitterusername
Haha memekak gila kan ! Wat time is the concert ? twitterusername
See wat I wish for my mama twitterurl
wtf so many year to Rmb for SS. Wat 1969,1948,1970,1998,1972\
omfg tumblr wtf is this reblog shit wat
#temple #wat #vacation #instaplace #instaplaceapp #instagood #photooftheday #instamood #picoftheday?? twitterurl
It hurt to hear tat but wat I can do?
I found my car keys wat teh fok :o
Pernah masturbate? ??? Wat type of question iz dat twitterurl
Hmmmm......wat I could be doing right about now
Wat is the name of the streaming person!!!
rooney to arsenal wAT how long have I been away
You ain't talkin bout my bitches wat u talkin bout
I'm at Wat Burapha | ???????????????? (Mueang Ubon Ratchathani, Ubon Ratchathani) twitterurl
A Rocket To The Moon is coming to Singapore wAT
wat to do sigh this is not good
wat is see doctor short of $1 kns
Idk wat to wear  for haloween preview later
Dont know wat to wear for the interview
wtf.......my mom's eating chili crab at 1.25am................wat
Pillow talking bout ya man that's wat hoes do
was packing my box and look wat he did... twitterurl
omg i have 10 person on my blog wat
i am rehearsing with a voiceless voice wat
June Angkor Wat, Sep Myanmmar Bagan then Dec Maldives? Hmmm
y r u zinging me love zongs wat good is a love zong wat good is a love zong without the love
I was innocently watching Doctor Who when suddenly the butler exclaims, "Sir! IT'S SHERLOCK HOLMES" and I'm like WAT FOURTH WALL BROKEN WAT
retis sm wat concert kalau dorg dh debut 2 tahun..so agak logik la if exo wat concert next year..tp dtg msia? hmmmm dunno meh~
Salah sorg kwn sy yg rimas ngn sy sbb politik melampaw budak ni la --> twitterusername tp smp skunk follow.. Wat lex wat peace je dye. #respect
How could i???!!!!! Peeps 14.20 is wat time? Noe wat? I thot it's 4.20pm we reach tanah merah ferry d?? twitterurl
Try keeping up to TRCC's artistic standards. Confirm that stupid girl take back her "RP performers only wat. So grand for wat fuck".
tis is wat i meant when im complaining. I'm nt in a gd mood and some ppl can come telling me wat he dun feel lyk doing. srsly?
A lady who just tapped & exited the bus has $189 in her ezlink card!?? Wat?? Ok ok lets imagine. Wat if she loses her card ? Money gone rite?
Curate Value: You???re implying that there is some similarity between wat you do & wat some1 w/ an advanced degree who works at a museum does.
I try my best to forget wat happen not gona let wat happen to pull my mood down and affect me :)
I text to her is out of concern and wat I get back from my auntie is saying that I wan Ang bao and wat...
If someone insults Bruno mars, wat would u do? ??? I will just say 'k'. twitterurl
Niggas worried bout wat I'm doin but ain't got $?? to they name ????????
too stress out sometimes that i dunno wat i talking to my manager yesterday
"twitterusername First time i talk to aldrich sia" wat ur talk bout?? Haha!! Im being kpo!
"hais wat to do twitterusername twitterusername alamak weak ah! been craving for the donuts ):"
Thn wat she do ? ??? Just some bitchy ???? stuff. (Hope you understand Chinese)... twitterurl
Haha wat is left now is just memories lah beb people change twitterusername
I get wat you are trying to say haha yup correct :) twitterusername
You wear wat bra size? ??? Yours and mine same ah I think :') twitterurl
New trending word is Hoover cuz that's wat ya mom is bitchhh lol
My brothers just told me that I have the iphone face HAHAHA wat nonsense
I need to claim the money... This is wat happens when u don't hav a job :(
Now wat i lost farah number how to contact her sia!
Ohh well u lucky enough. Curfew sucks big time but wat t do hais twitterusername
Nak happy bila bila pon boleee RT twitterusername Hope nextmonth sume org wat aku happy..
Must find me first hahahahhaa RT twitterusername no idea wat to do tmr GG :/
??twitterusername Ehh anyone update me why a girl passed away at zouk????? WAT
wah frighten me i thought wat...but why she go press on 'like' D:
Can't sleep, something is nagging me.... but i dunno wat isit... GOD DAMN IT
I know wat sayin so pls stop explaining don't me cause it hurts
Wat me and my baby frank baby gone look like ong hes so cute <333 twitterurl
#np Soldier and Police Wat by Patrick Loyd Francis aka Jah Lion\
AsiaClassifiedToday: China's Water Pollution Crisis - the Diplomat: the DiplomatChina's Wat... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
I dont have a reason to bitch today i got wat i needed lol
??twitterusername twitterusername wat happened???? I have stomach flu. Keep on vomiting and poo2
Ending Your Career Wth A Ring  !  Wat More Can You Had Asked For ?
Hate the thought of you being w/somebody else buh it is wat it is
lex lu wat due ! RT twitterusername Bleh caye ke Smally?? Mcm cannot kn??
Wat are ya doin in front of my house, paparazzi? #1 twitterurl
wat da flying fak, i think something scratched my shin when i was asleep jn..... ??
Since wat age u play guitar? ??? 12 year old! But started learning bass first. twitterurl
wat RT twitterusername twitterusername btw what makes you think it's a one shot...... *winkwink*
Now that somas is played out wat do basic nigga wear?
wearing tanktop and berms stuck outside in this fucking freezing typhoon wat.
Commemoration of Buddhism and popular among tourists. #temple #bangkok @ ????????????????????????????????????????????? (Wat?? twitterurl
Wat if the right person is the one you been pushing away?
Wear until so chio at home bc lazy change AHAHHAHAH wat twitterurl
wat song u like now ? ??? Last week, I fell in love with Wrecking Ball. twitterurl
Wat to wear for tmr's wedding eh. all the way at tamp.so lazy actually
I live everyday like it's the weekend.....wat can i say im young as shit
??twitterusername twitterusername must tell me hor , wat time break.??? YES BOSS.
Brother is really hopeless!!!!! Now dunno wat trouble he's got into!
Last night/this morning >>>>> &wat we did at Megas lol.... *long sigh* #memories
lol jinyoung standing on a block to be the same height as sandeul. wat.
wat teh fuq Q3 is over?! did I accidentally fall asleep or something
Wonder wat Steve brown said at the show that got somebody in their feelings lol
Wat does???means? How many diff types are there? Lol.. can someone help me out?
The wind and the sun and te sea. Exactly wat I needed. ???? twitterurl
WAT NO RT twitterusername parti animal??twitterusername tonight we're drinking from the bottlessssss???
bebi das wat snapchat's fo RT twitterusername Jasmine is so fucking ugly on Snapchat. #whyyoudothistoyourselfbeautiful?
Last dance b4 they leave for the day.. I'm not sure wat dance it's called.. twitterurl
Oh pls. Im stronger than u think, stronger then wat u gimme credit for. ???
Sd pho kun (with twitterusername twitterusername and Galih at Wat Pho) [pic] ??? twitterurl
Wat an Amazing Sunday Morning Svc twitterusername Breakthru praise & worship, anointed atmos. Jesus is alive!
It's so unreasonable when you dislike someone because of they're pretty/handsome/ugly. wat the fuck
You know wat man utd need a new signing n I mean a major signing
Mum needs u to take care too.. Help to watch wat she is eating ba... Sigh..
Imagining smth unexpected n hopefully wat I imagine doesnt becomes a reality
Alhamdulilah so far so good nothing much how bout yourself curreny wat are you doing twitterusername
My man twitterusername is hoopin'! Wat u got twitterusername ?? Leggoo rockets!! #nbaplayoffs twitterusername
wat iz point of habing remote wen u cant reach twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: They're watching, and selling your data - The Star Online: They're wat... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Galileo season 2??? O.O wat did i missed out during finals >.<
"twitterusername twitterusername yessss khatib so small only tsk amk mmmm" haiya wat 2 do
Wat happened to Nay???? ??? Something is just bothering her i guess? :( twitterurl
I rub my thumb over the edge of someone else's nails when I'm jittery... um wat.
i suddenly just thought 'zachary' and burst out laughing ??? wat twitterurl
wat is stuck in the rain and im having flu fak
Wat is tis! bt wae so cute!"twitterusername Jaejoong to fangirls: You're just another girl\
If only memories can be played once again wat fun would tat be
idk wat to feel about this being in my school twitterurl
I just dont noe wat to study for WFB  done all of my specimen  papers actually
why'd you block me when i wasn't even following u wat who r u
Yuhss"twitterusername twitterusername lol ppl nosey ppl gone be mad they cant see wat you doin"
Slim keeps on working again and again !.....wat r U waiting for ???? twitterurl
If you snitching or switching sides this ain't wat you want #Haze
ask me anyth man cmon no ragrets ya kno wat im sayin twitterurl
Wtf is wrong w my phone smpi salah mention org wat da fak
wat if a boy stares at me everytime? ??? He's mentally offering you the D twitterurl
"twitterusername Pity for nazrul nazari's dad.. get well soon uncle !" Wat happen?
If sbs gayo only sunny, Tiffany, Yuri and seohyun then wat about kbs and mbc
wat if ur nipples fall off and u have to replace them with cows nipples
Radhiah what, forever cute! ^^ RT twitterusername twitterusername so cute or wat hello titty?
Waah this food is fucking sweet. I wonder wat my sister add in.
She said she don't fuck wit rappers I'm like wat yu talking bout bitch !!
Hello lowstaq. Jgn hinggaq jgn dok wat loqlaq tempat org. Salam lowstaq.
Wat da fak didn't think that Divergent is so damn good
Okay wait . As wat ? Doctor ? Nurse ? Teacher ? Grrr grrr . Skola spm stakat celah gigi je , cmno ?
Its candy n imma eat them silly! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Got my Fruity Mentos!!!?????for wat
Chilling chilling! RT twitterusername Wat It Do??RT twitterusername twitterusername Hey nicca!
Pistol in yo mouth i cannot make out wat you trynna say .
om twitterusername twitterusername segera wat sntron sweet couple twitterusername twitterusername di tunggu2 ya om!!!!!
Then people giving me weird looks cuz I'm hitting keys on my keyboard. Wat.
Wat was the score of the hbg vs steel high game???
haha this lah "twitterusername No one cares about wat u gonna do on Valentine's day ."
Z idk if u dw reply or wat the last seen is killing me
Nun much listening to the rain RT twitterusername twitterusername Wat it do
"twitterusername My hair is quite long when put down but short when tie up . Wat the ...."
Why is my best buddy sedih2.?????? Harrrooo kekk.!! Wat telah happen??
Look wat turned up while researching my QAD urbang3m horoscope online. Wtf srsly hahaha twitterurl
When someone said untunglaa ill reply untung la jugak bc idk wat shud i reply hm
Fuck you, fuck what you about, fuck wat we shared, fuck ya words.!
[GIF] B.A.P's Visual line pouting faces -Himchan twitterurl -Daehyun twitterurl ~~wat is airrr
Mummy knows wat happened but not sayinf a word so unlike her
Is SGD$500 enuf for bus/train, food & shopping in Japan? Lol. Wat a dilemma!
Shldnt hav googled wat the meaning of TP..... Mind is officially corrupted by twitterusername
Boutta blow oomf phone up to they tell me wat I did
I wanted to take her to prom but she don't fwm idk wat ima do now ??
The 'sin' of being Pinoy. RT twitterusername twitterusername wat did jolibee do ?
??twitterusername RT twitterusername twitterusername wat time y'all start selling wings! &gt;&lt; now??? On my way!
my ear hurts when i plug in the ear phones. wat
??twitterusername twitterusername wat da fak? Then or the? Haha typo maybii??? typo ah sewithart, hehehe
Char kuey teow. Yums. #food #foodporn #melaka #malaysia @ Wo Wat Coffee Shop twitterurl
if only ppl know wats happening. not to assume just to wat they see.
wat happend w shikin??? ??? Nah nothing, she love some other guy oh well twitterurl
Bt havee noo time too watchh duee too school almost everydayy ~ wat a "holiday" ~
Family sewa life . Wat a life . I dun want dis kind of life .
Say i'm judegemental or wat but yeah i choose my type of friend
Emm tq tyra :) RT twitterusername twitterusername gudluck nuna..semogako leh wat presentation tue :) chaiyok..!!!
HAHAHAHA RT twitterusername match fighting ? wei coach KL , u drink wat yesterday ha ?
Shit wat a bad timing to listen to Hello Venus at this time... so soothing OTL
fuck i was helping my parents couldnt watch exo wat im late
wat is this man...everytime i click on the assist...nothing to assist liao
Lawwwd Yes ??twitterusername Ig wen ppl change up u get wat u ask fa...???
nooooo . u just got on twitter . wat are u talking about Anthony ? lol
Look wat I got in the supermarket today (Get #MEME Reader on the Appstore) twitterurl
Wat to do tis is life, if life goes of ur way tat not life
Actually wat sufi said to me today during assembly quite meaningful leh..
Latinas are hot ?? RT twitterusername Someone mistook me as a latina. Wat is this
Your right ??twitterusername I could've sworn it was Uoeno not Uneno.... But wat do I kno???
wat happened between you and mindy :///// ??? It's over already, I'd rather not talk about it. twitterurl
Singer is u Wat  RT twitterusername Pdp post parade is going to be the best segment.
Ion. Gve a damn wea yu at or wat yu in fuck yu !
WOW LA my Idiot bro was unsure of how to spell my name -.- Wat is dis!!!
Jezrin Technologies Reinhart, Rogoff, and How the Macroeconomic Sausage Is Made: After wat... twitterurl twitterusername #technology
Rabak sehh ! Wat to do ehh anw hows your jojojoget ? Masih ade contact? twitterusername
omg!!! wat happen to u RT twitterusername feel like fucking someone
Sorry babie you either basic or shone till proven otherwise n guesee wat yu iss ?
I do a l0t of drawing more for him and this kind of stupid or wat?
wat is ur face so smushy RT twitterusername Beanie babies with twitterusername #coolsterz twitterurl
Should i masak nari? But my back hurts la fak wat is this
dad says that its my snake tattoo that is causing me all my sickness lol wat
Please release us lah keep to your waords lah 11.30 am now wat time already haiss
The one night I want some damn chicken, I can't get wat I want.
"twitterusername Just loved wat #Sofia said about #Gauhar and #Kushal #BB7"
Shall dye my hair in Kl heheh but wait wat colur should I dye
And i donno wat i like actually...maybe playing games and sleeping ?? :v
??twitterusername twitterusername wat og lil haley gotta lie fa playa!???? Since when you an OG
??twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername tak la hais y u do this" do wat hais??? this
wat the president of zimbabwe's daughter was studying in singapore waaaat
Can't be the ocean gobbled up the whole thing without any single thing left wat. #strange
At wat ahe u plan to get married? ??? Mmmmm 26-27? twitterurl
wat kind of font are they using at C3? the K looks like H??
Tak mcm berlumba plak wat kuiz dlm class soil science nie
awh shit wat D: RT twitterusername twitterusername wrong. It's not the same girl. twitterurl
"hanisazman827: i hate minah since exo r not debuted yet" lol wat
a magic called.....?? FILTERS ??RT twitterusername twitterusername wat magic sia bangun je dh lawa
Wat u think of student teacher rs ??? Just don't get caught twitterurl
Haha. Read whatsapp. See wat knis texted. RT ??twitterusername twitterusername gd, kim jong kook hwaiting!!???
i dont like pictures on my twitter .  wat yall thought this was instagram or nah ? lol
Hoping that they wont call.now wat time already still no updates.
I kept looking at this girl today because idk she was surprisingly cute like why wat
??twitterusername twitterusername wat incident wor???? The capacitor exploded! HAHAHAHHA! luckily nvr kena my face.
World #heritage #UNESCO housing more than 250 temples. In Siem Reap, Cambodia. @ Angkor Wat Temple?? twitterurl
My sister would bake the fish. Not wat I had in mind.
??twitterusername twitterusername phone jacked?? HAHHAHAA??? NOPE HAHA YOU DAMN CUTE WAT
Later: Han solo RT twitterusername WAT?! RT twitterusername twitterusername before: far han after: near han
Wat are you gone do when i fanesse you out yo racks
Tuesday. CNY public holiday. :) RT twitterusername twitterusername 12 feb on Wat day?
If the teachers are doing new topics or wat?? im doomed
Like 10ish lol RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername wat time we going lol
Speaking of which.. saw a dual cam HTC phone ytd. Wat
"twitterusername RT"twitterusername twitterusername Ocasioanally"Wat the fuck man..." Mmmmm YEAH. *Occasionally
Seriously, thinking abt wat to tk in jc is eons ago for me...
"twitterusername ??twitterusername Wat channel is the game on for Verizon????461" omg i love u
Is it true?  wat special thingy are they having sia? twitterusername
Provably cruting with jock im leaving walmart RT twitterusername twitterusername She Just badd Wat She Doing
Wat type of guy u looking for? ??? A guy which is funny (: twitterurl
Everyone is going out enjoying their saturday me?? Non stop working wat a life!
ctfu wat i dooo ? twitterusername Ctfu im done with kyeesha yo"
guess wat everyone is asleepp only left me alone haiya boring!  #whatsnew
Dono wat to cook so I just anyhow cook tis heh. twitterurl
TOTALLY AGRREEEEED!! ??twitterusername wat good is a yukirin shoot without bikinis.....???
it's been so long since I saw this lil firecracker twitterusername WAT~
To c Gotti! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername Lets see who buying my ticket!???to wat
N talk about younger sis future wat if she got b.f semua
Wat if sec sch has morning n afternoon session. Isnt it better? ??
going to bed now ??????? goodnight everyone, sweet dreams and happy mornings lol wat ok nvm goodnight ????????????????
I just saw a flash of lightning and heard the thunder. wat
wait wat...momo is in regular team? then who in support?
I never understood how one could be an attention whore while simultaneously criticize "the thirst".... wat
wat RT twitterusername How To Not Be A Slut twitterurl #archives
wat do you think of cheng ding? ??? Friendly, open-minded, cheerful but pervertic sister :b twitterurl
SOBS RT twitterusername "Elijah Wood is older than Tom Hiddleston. " wat
Thanks bro! :D RT twitterusername twitterusername keep doing wat you doing!  Your awesome #thefinal1sg
Mandi then wat FOE then tido then tngok bola then xg class..hahaa
Oh well. Not my fault. We don't choose the dreams we get at night wat.
Guess wat beb i dreamt of meeting u in school .haha case dah terlalu rindu  twitterusername
who the fak r u to tell me wat to do
Fun running.... this is wat i do when im bored hehe
and wat u lookin for has been here the whole time ~
Wonder wat some local girl is thinking now looking for duck -;-
guessed wat i almost cried  knowing that u trying to hurt youself haiss
Wat with u staring at me from top to bottom ?? Anything not happy??
yay it's 5-ish, i can finally wat without feeling guilty.
Havent been back here for very long (@ Wat Ananda Metyarama) twitterurl
Lol! Omg wat follow instrujctions n be featured in the next Bieber hit single. -.-
Guess wat, jm drinking MOCKtail!! No more alcohol for me pls. twitterurl
Many more pictures yang lain lom upload. I just upload wat i have.
Wat y'all weird ass Harrisburg niggas be up to now a days
u pushed me away nw u calling me telling me u miss me wat is this
Dont even noe wat im wearing now to the congress.haah lantak la
59%"twitterusername 10. Wat percentage Is your phone battery right now?"
At the Laundromat. . Doing wat I was suppose to be doing yesterday lol
I tweet wat is on my t.l so dun feel offended;)
Totally no idea wat to wear for the first fashion show this Friday evening!
Irritating or wat??!! Always get this msg @ 797 Woodland Drive 72 twitterurl
Your bby coming to singapore lah! Heheh and guess wat i am going :) twitterusername
The previous group sang wat song ah ? I forget the title
Srsly? Wake me up for what? Is my brother being cute or wat sia._.
can someone like say hi or wat omg im dying srs
My head like got a small benjol hahahahaha thanks to wat happen just now!!
Wat is ur biggest regret this year? ??? Not studying harder in sem1. twitterurl
Wat do u usually wear to go out? ??? Tanktop, berms and Havainas slippers twitterurl
Bangla pun tawu off dah.. wat to do.. its all abt money
wat the hell is this russian song sang by a cute japanese song?!
RFT "twitterusername He was wat I was looking for the whole time..."
Wat if only left the undies that u already wear ??? Then too bad twitterurl
So hungry bt theres ntg to wat bt maggi WHAT THAT MAKES THREE DAYS WTF LA
After thinking abt wat she said then tried to think back ... hmmm
I feel the love lol this is wat happens wen one knocked out early !!! twitterurl
aiyo. stand only wat. cannot ah? can die is it if stand everyday for three months? \
"twitterusername aft everything that has happened , idk wat is true and false anymore"
When was the last time you danced? ??? wat dya think twitterurl
Hahaha I wonder wat perfume he use eh the smell still sticks there twitterusername
I. Got her under rm 246 cus she know wat we did in room 246 lol
Tiada pengganti music video will be out tomorrow whop whop! But wat time yea mr twitterusername
The Mail Man is Outcheaa ! Thats wat im talkin bout lol
Do you regret anything? ??? no ragrets ya kno wat im sayin twitterurl
Wat a end for episode 14 on Walking dead! Love it..
Yeah if you cn see wat i tweet good coz i realy hate you all
Play until pu he knn fucking lina PUI QUIT DOTA LA U PLAY FOR WAT
I just wanna get rich I don't care wat dey doing on the other side !!
wat color panties r u wearing ??? I'm wearing what you're wearing twitterurl
Dis wat i get for taken dem long ahh naps in the afternoon
Lol look wat I found in my phone ! Y'all go follow my designer twitterusername twitterurl
Isnt it fair I buy dinner, she fetch lil bro? Say wat alot hw excuses la! ??
HAHA WAT RT twitterusername FINGER LICKIN GOOD  "twitterusername Dia boleh measure with no ruler lah sia.????\
Fri shud be holiday cuz 4 days of schooling enough wat..
my phone acting like it dont know wat time it is .. it keep switchingg up lol
Omg wat? RT twitterusername DMTN???s Daniel arrested for smoking and dealing marijuana twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername wuhuhuuu . thanks !??? Hehehe, most welcome, eh ngah wat pe ni ?
Wat RT twitterusername What tha father facking fack? is this real? twitterurl
i asled shawn wat we doing he gone say "chilling wit my boys " *deletes number *
AsiaClassifiedToday: Singapore watchdog calls for F&N auction - AsiaOne: AsiaOneSingapore wat... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Mother and grandma the same lah. Say wat ur work more tired.. wth lah pls -.-
i've had chips and jelly and ice tea haaa wat iz tiz maaaan
wAT RT twitterusername 35 Chem Bonding questions on the LMS? OTL
I bring a bag nothing inside.. But guess wat inside got pants onli XD
Mum told me listen to music @ nite not good. Bobian wat. ??
twitterurl UTM wat apps for android users..bleh bkak aimsweb..its call aimsdroid. #UTMawesome
Idk wat to tweet. Frm just nw just refreshing my tl.
i have already fulfilled most of wat i expected,but it is not finish yet
??twitterusername Just reached home not long ago, dead tired.....??? <------- omo TOTALLY WAT U FEEL
dah tue kte kne reka cerita bru boleh wat storyboard RT twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
So everyone had prob w twitter uh? Nt only me thot my twitter hang or wat.
#StoryOfMyLife school ,work ,where got fun story?this is wat living in s g is like!
now i have no idea wat course should i take hmm
pMSL RT twitterusername ok waT RT twitterusername Sasaeng fans interviewed on ???Cultwo???s Veranda Show??? twitterurl
First there was Saving General Yang trailer in English, now Oblivion trailer in Mandarin?? Wat??
wat AK47 isn't going to be at MAA today with the rest? :(
Im like wat the fuck u guys being there not saying anything
twitterurl is it ok for me to touch this pic but idk wat to write ;|
Gave up on the paper,didn't even noe wat I'm writing lor~
I wonder wat time the Farmers Market Open... prolly is... I need my Organic Foods!
218 .. im mad i aint see u today lol wat campus u was repping ?? ctfu
btw happy yoona, i don know wat is the tag for her bday
"twitterusername Fuk wat yall talkin bot my bday tmro!!"#TURNUP DAWGGGG !!!!
Roston Cropper. Hahaa wat an innocent cunt. With his bag. Reminds me of tinky winky / twitterusername
She fine too alhamdulilah so currently wat u doing masih kerja ke ? twitterusername
So big mouth go tell them for wat sia. Idiot lah u
With twitterusername twitterusername and 2 others at Wat Arun [pic] ??? twitterurl
In d nigerian economy wat eva  goes up must continue going up!
Fuck wat yall talking bout I got that sack wasssup lmaooo
??twitterusername twitterusername wat re u trying to say????? Want me str8 to the point ah ?
Ok I really dunnoe wat to wear tml to meet a top model. Stress
Omfg isnt that wat mr leong says almost all the time? omg
kau yg indirect dulu wat u r rlly two faced sial palabu
Lewandowski......"twitterusername Wat do u call 4 goals in one match?"
i dont understand wat mimi's saying and bc shes not fkn typing in english smh
i know roughly wat to expect at a maid cafe...but not an idol cafe D:
ADSA, the subject that i still have no idea wat they are teaching at all...
hi rizal here!! how are you? hahah ??? Hey hey! Im okay :) Wat bout you? twitterurl
Very cute u know wat. Mcm stacy."twitterusername twitterusername hmm sorry. Why my twitcon ??"
What was the last song you heard? ??? Is a snsd song. Can't remember wat song. twitterurl
is she sobbing to herself or is she about to barf idek man wat
Why do I keep saying its ok after a customer has said 'thanks' lol wat
??twitterusername Teach your dog how to play dead by killing it.??? Wat AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Idc wat annuone says jordy nelson is the best reciever on the packers
can anibadi tell me wat iphone game is fun cause ayam borez
Wat is the story behind that bandage that chorong have on the hand since nonono comeback!
my shoes and dress are worth about 13kg wat they split my parcel up whoops
Thot modem spoilt or wat, ended up was cos of de fire.
insidious was scary but funny like everything must have the baby stroller thingy wat the fak
still swaying when i sit in front of my computer wat
indirect wat who say I talking abt u I talking abt my brother
School kids on drawing assignment, view from top of Wat Sraket, Bangkok. twitterurl
I realised i dunno wat im learning in this mod. Die. Me.
"twitterusername 18. Twitpic tha 16th picture in your phone (no matter wat it is)" twitterurl
wat, the mooncake my bro gf made has alcohol in it. taste fucking goooood
I just wished you guys feel wat I am feeling now be in my situation
??twitterusername Everything will not go back to wat it was so just move on ba.???
So happening. Suddenly few people whatsapping me one after another. Wat twitterurl
u r in p6 gal pls dun try 2 teach me wat to do in lyfe
First time smiling with teeth, sucks at smiling hais wat a weird smile I got twitterurl
Dont nobody know wat I go through but dey think they do tho !!!
Why does it matter wat gift I get??? I'm not competing.
Daddy did not even mention a single thing about wat happen phew!
Cant believe theyve killed off my #Homie #Brian Wat a load. #RIPBrian #FuckYouSeth twitterurl
ur muffins if u know wat i mean ??? I don't know anything twitterurl
They say wat goes up must come down so S550 sitting low to the ground !! - #BL
hais wat is dis maths test on wed hais chibai lah ni
"Joke or wat ?hahahah s.g twitterusername Retweet if you want to play here. twitterurl
But naah I think I am preeety happy with wat i am doing now
woi wat the last 2 letterS? ??twitterusername twitterusername sry I'm wrong xoxo i love u 13143344583838372838298283839382838837373738383cb???
Nothing special in my day... Neway hapy birthday wat aku.... #pisces #birthday #pisces
One thing about sitting at home is I will keep snacking like wat I did today
one has to wonder wat ngzk girls do to each other on a daily basis.
2012 vs 2014. damn wat was I thinking back then. #sofat baju sampai ketat twitterurl
Okay set Jun Jul Angkor Wat but hotel must have pool! 2 in 1!
orange caramel's song is so weird yet its strangely addictive wat is happening to me
I love tis photo.. Wondering wat we were looking at on my fone.. twitterurl
What associations do you have with the word "circus"? ??? Wat twitterurl
too much money in my pockets wat the fuck is a wallet ..
If break and nana ask to patch, wat will u say? ??? No 'If' twitterurl
Haha!  takpelah wat to do someone else gives you the attention ^^ twitterusername
exclusively choosing certain things and even anime wat is wrng wit meeeeee
wadahell wat are we even supposed to bring i forgot lols
Assgnmnt fin, keje mandrin, call org. Everything nak kene wat ari isnin. Nebes i...
omg wat.......my dad is playing angry birds on his ipad so engrossed some more....
Wat did u do to me... Im really interested in finding enkas to listen to.. ??????
??twitterusername Ko taw eyh smally!! Yall laa!!??? apeeeee ???? tibe2 . -wat muke sober-??
oh dear lord. sayanee did it again HAHAHHAH HANMI O PEN PEN O PEN PEN? WAT
omg -.- i just dropped my keys in the lift hole . Wat the actual F.
Don't JUDGE me based off wat your friend THINK...ain't no tellin why tht bitch mad!??
wat AK47 isn't going to be at MMA today with the rest? :(
After wat happened to my bro Tim I trust nothing but The Lord !
idk how i can make the auntie understand wat i wan for the cake!
The construction opp my block really last warning. Started drilling since 5am. Crazy or wat!!!
wat if instead of moaning u yell out math equations during sex
cheh step tgk bola rbk but once in a while tgk bola ok wat
We had third party lenses for DSLRs. Now we have dk wat lens for phone camwhore.
omg or wat if i am a 10 y/o girl
u know the bug that keeps flying in WAT IF IT FLIES IN WHEN IM SLEEPING
Fuse, galaxy n my place all got cid spy wat a fun nite
wat happened to shaqina? why like MIA only. ??? Studying perhaps? :) twitterurl
Bitch gon see wat a hot 4-5 bullet feel like fuckin wit me
Laugh for wat? Its not even funny LOL. 45? ??? yah about there twitterurl
Dropped 3kg AND MY THIGH GAP IS STILL NON EXISTENT WAT
Kept thinking about wat my mentor Scott said last night about the bicycle race. So inspiring.
Wat hepen wit mai favorit club is in trending topic Worldwide...
"twitterusername Everything will not go back to wat it was so just move on ba."
Yes"twitterusername twitterusername ,lmfao wat you mean like how a bitch would moan ?"
Wat is the babymetal skeleton guys doing with dempagumi oioioioii collabo car
I rlly wonder wat did taemin whisper to naeun on tdy episodee !!!!  #taeun5thmonthsary
Mum came in my room and start talking about kpop huh wat
$876 for Singtel, without trade-in. RT twitterusername twitterusername wat da fug seriously? Starhub or Singtel?
Yeah sure do any idea wat time the gate close tomorrow? twitterusername
Hi babe guess wat! I am meeting Justin bieber tomorrow !! I dapat free tickets hehehe twitterusername
Wondering wat kind of dance are they going to do in dancing9
For wat tell me to see n u change other thing later
Alamak now wat generation alr. Still got ppl buy canes ah.
everyone goes japan for different reasons.. ahhh.. wat a nice country.
Y continue to tweet watch if u keep gettin pissed off about wat u see
-.-" yes kau is Irritating "twitterusername twitterusername wat to do.. Thats just me :D"
"stand in one line and say sorry to miss tan" wat
"twitterusername twitterusername Bree chill ." if u knw wat i went threwvu wouldnt be complaining rs
I got this 40 cal tucked in my PRPs wat do you expect I'm from MOKC ..
#ImSingleBecause i wanted a long lasting relationship but wat i get is a long lasting loner
The past is wat we are now...stop looking back move forward
#iWontReplyIf i don no wat to tok abok ah sia, no topik, no aidie, no sepirit.
Oh i see all the best wat must u do sing?  twitterusername
a month a day and an hour since i was talking to leigh anne omg wat
Idc wat none y'all haters think I kno ima make!!! I'm just waiting on ma moment????????
"twitterusername twitterusername i forget .. Hahahah! Then LimBoSeng go chershire home say about his history.. HAHAHAHHA" wat?!
Omg wat i just broke the ticket thingy in the bus AHAHAHA I CANT LOOL
#Technology #Geek YouTube dropped from iPhone-iPad operating system: Applications to let users wat... twitterurl #TodoSobreTec
Egg!  Morning go work. Come back take result.  Night go work again! WAT IS DIS!
she is coming to HAS dinner .what .____.dalam drama pun bleh wat grammar errors
#HappyJonginDay I forgot about it shit!!! Wat the toot am I thinking about
"twitterusername twitterusername haha nth . I stay at bp wat (:" ohhhhhh cehhh i thought what!
my phone been losing signal...dafug? wat wrong with m1 today
They know WAT you did but they dun know y u DO IT
mugging to keep myself awake till jj new MV is out =D wat a motivation!
"twitterusername We was chill but now I'm like fuck it....it is wat it is"
??twitterusername twitterusername wat trailer?? :O feeling so out dated!??? | Haha Daddy's #september11 trailer .
i complete 3chi paper 2 and 1 paper 1 within 2.5 hrs omg .. wat a achievement ~>=]
Wat for breakfast dis morning..? Invite-Invite Sardine by kak jamayahali.. twitterurl
??twitterusername You got no childhood ah mary RT twitterusername twitterusername wat is alipom??? :C
isabella faving my tweet wont make me less bored wat r u doing rlly
Maybe not florida rite away but Out of NC is wat i do Know !
OOPG I read le jitao sianjipua,I got no idea wat I'm reading.
??twitterusername seriously takda orang pun online hahah wat???jom play fun run with me :)
I'm so frustrating my grammer is all around the place. #wat
wah today's train towards joo koon damn fuckin slow or wat
"We fight alot during group discussion...  we exchange heavy blows.... on dick" wat
Bout to just start callin ppl and see wat they doin cuz I'm hella bored
Wat cars does your family own ??? a CAMRY lol is that the correct spelling twitterurl
karate chop manager noona and cooked her for break fast ok wAt
So wat will happen if I wear red n black tmrw?
Very curious to know wat happen between u both ??? Nothing happened twitterurl
ya you showed me wat ??? Wtf? I think you got the wrong person twitterurl
wat is happening now will be tis way , i do want it to change
??twitterusername twitterusername fa wat!!????? Lmao I'm bein sarcastic witcha slow ass
??twitterusername Jonas Brothers Break Up: "It Was a Unanimous Decision" twitterurl twitterusername twitterusername wat going
i can yes, so i am going to breathe u tomorrow ??? wat AHAHAHAHAHHAAHAH twitterurl
Hmm hoccay. Hmmm RT twitterusername awok tu jande wat care jande boleh x ?
Being a leader is just like wat Gary used to say: STRESSSSS
??twitterusername twitterusername Omg why does she look like you..??? HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH WAT
Brother going out and i just rot and do nothing productive today? Hais wat a life
Two scale rulers at popular. $3.55, and $9.40. Umm. Wat. Got diff meh?
wat are the possibilities that ATs riot at cheena town today?
Naya you fucking sext vlut. Let me wat you. Nom nom nom
Folks go search for Wat dey Lookn for den b mad ion understand it
Wat "twitterusername Chinese students tie hair to ceiling to stop themselves from falling asleep twitterurl
wat is ur fav colour? Sooo basic but still I wanna noe :3 ??? GREEN! twitterurl
wat is going on with ImAs nico nama?! i see coin on tanima?!
Wat a morning! now I am stuck in a very bad traffic Jam !
Already got ma mind set to do wat I want I don't need nobodies opinion
Tml last day of feb liao. Wonder wat have I done for this month.
??twitterusername Merlion to spout 20.000 litres of free Red Bull tomorrow 12.30 - 1.30pm. twitterurl twitterurl wat
So wat i am not going to here from him for 2 weeks ?
So wat I am not gona hear from him for 2 weeks waah piang
I'll do anything to cheer u up...tell me wat u need dear fren...wat happen was the biggest impact in ur life...its time for her to go
My wallet lost also not ur kp so much for wat fuck, den tok abt my work pui don't let me be mad one day I don't care u my bro or wat
Im not like most ppl I wudnt cry tears of sadness if I got pregnant young I kno wat it takes to get preg y cry if dats wat I was doin ijs
Same sheeit I went through 2 years back. Pls! I dun want to get into the same kinda sheeity situation. Wat I assume is not wat it is sadly.
Slaps self I hv to learn to appreciate wat I hv n wat he does for me. Drives down juz to see me n feed me yet I make so much noise.
Lol my math teacher ask me wat is my score for last year exam and I was like 30+ then he was like shock or wat cause my math hw is like
So, wat if i piss ppl off 4 speaking my mind ? It's called standing up 4 wat u believe in when nobody else has da balls 2 do it !
#888 ure amazing. When u told me those things yesterday i was touched by wat u did and wat youve been thru. Stay strong cuz aimah is here! x
??twitterusername SAF third sergeant under investigation after boasting on Facebook.. twitterurl b careful wat u say online
??twitterusername 15 mins additional travelling time required for journeys from Paya Lebar towards Pasir Ris, SMRT says??? ???????? wAt
Ppl always make they self seem 10 times better at wat dey do then they really are ..
Wat do you like about yourself the mosttt?? ??? my daring personality. always trying to be unique and always takin... twitterurl
cb insult my aunt for wat knn. if isnt because of u, we wont fucking end up like this nb
I dont noe wat to do haiss just gona rot at home and leave early for work
#squaready one eye monster. Wat do we live for? Happiness? money? I dunnoe anymore. U decide. twitterurl
So see you tomorrow you coming over to my crip rite? Lunch at my house or wat?  twitterusername
"twitterusername The world is ending in 17 days and I still don't know what I'm going to wear." Wat
wtf this great eastern life,keep bugging me...i dun wan listen to wat upgrade cpf plan la
The jawn in her feelings lol she really going be mad after wat im boutta pull lol
??twitterusername Wat do u give a girl tht already have everything????A simple date a simple promise ring & loveeeeeeee
I love spending time in airports, especially for delayed flights, love you #goair , wat a way to spend sat evening
This father of mine dunno wat is in his brain, thinking that I 24/7 free ah?!
I was crying afyer the moment i woke up. Wat is tisssssssssssss. ><  but i was touched so yknoW.:')
How fuckin hypeddddd is this guy. Guys eatin pizza express takeout in nandos. Wat a geezer twitterurl
#SGfootballConfessions RT twitterusername #TheNewPaper interview with #Legend17... juz wat he told me last week! #FAS kena slam!
This manish hor.. say wat he dk how spell my name and say the girl sitting beside kt... -.-
"thistwitterusername Im doing what you are doing to me" so both of us know wat we feel
Watching MTV in the middle of the night while indulging on chocs... Wat a sinful (& fattening) desire. ??? twitterurl
why is samsung not calling me to collect my phone?! they already mention 2-3 days of fix wat....
??twitterusername twitterusername my bf bm don't like me but ion gaf im fuccn yo bd not you??? nigga wat ?
haha knows wat beb did i  miss anything? ? i only see your twitter name je hahaha! twitterusername
"twitterusername guise why r strange looking people following me zong ur it" wat if they followed me
"twitterusername ??twitterusername wow can someone suck my dick??? wat dick" the one u sat on last night :///
Yeah ! Anw wat sing did u sing tadi? twitterusername twitterusername awwwww nah it's okay! :) hope there's next time :")"
This is wat I do when I am bored at home just editing pictures of us. #random twitterurl
wait wat justin is in bali ohman im gonna explode baby fly here im waiting for you
Panda News: National Zoo keeping watch for panda pregnancy - San Francisco Chronicle: National Zoo keeping wat... twitterurl
Jelous of wat ??? Idk. list me the things that you're thinking that im jealous about about twitterurl
Ppl who dont reply texts or pick up calls , may i know wat ur phone is for? :-)
Since going NS soon let me pamper myself hahahaa wif wat I want so $2000 out hehehehe
My #fav taufu goreng but but but too hard alr.. Wat more I insisted on hving tis :( @ ? Keppel Tower twitterurl
Before I even say anything you all was already decide wat you expect me to do sia
Half a yr has passed.... Hv i done wat i wanna do?? Or even close to it? Omg!
AsiaClassifiedToday Fewer sites may be offered in upcoming land sales programme: market wat... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Ummm some secondary school boy just got on the bus and his class tee reads "4E1 BONER" umm wat
The minute details of engraving the #wax @ impressive Wat Nong Bua Temple. Fly @ AirAsiaSG to Bangkok?? twitterurl
I have no idea myself from wat I heard ade slashing case at lot 1 just now   twitterusername
Sones are sad about yurim's car accident and here comes taeyeon updating her insta! Wat a good timing tae!
I talking about wat to pack in the end I haven even start yet. I still in bus sia
But the weather is so hot.. I can't wait to get back home. Hahaha.. Wat a hot hot Mother's Day!!
Wat i need to do is 1.get some bread 2.go shopping 3.get on this feild
AWAKENING ASIA: Good morn! Here's a photo over Angkor Wat in Cambodia that viewer Foong sent us. twitterurl
"twitterusername Tanisha is so cheap ....wat the hell has gauhar and kushal got to do with arman's eviction ... twitterurl
Fk one moment my mum damn pissed and another she ok is it smth wrng or wat
wat was I thinking. food intake wasnt even digested thoroughly. how can I go for a run. haiya. tmr la.
ANSWER!! KISS OR HUG? OR BOTH ! Please ??? Omg I don't need to tell you wat we do:( twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername maybe ur eye bags bigger than ur eyes! (if u know wat I mean)" HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
wat RT twitterusername Attempting to maintain a friendship with someone you're in love with triggers feelings similar to physical pain.
Nobody is ever going to want to go out with you you're so fucked up like wat
??twitterusername Girls,wat shampoo y'all using ah?tell me laa???|Shiyakai powder akka.Conditioner's Parachute Coconut oil.Thick hair conperm.
AsiaClassifiedToday. For the First Time Ever, Explore Angkor Wat With Google Street View - ... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Lol wat. Instant reminds me of Alan's song "twitterusername flumpool unleash PV for 'Ashita e no Sanka' twitterurl
So raftly got an idea of wat course to takeup if I get into poly  Keyword IF*
twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername I'm not a techspert so duno wat happens behind the scenes. But it's lousy. Grr.
My aunty give me $100 for me to buy Chinese New Year cloths. Wat should I buy sia
Argh terdelete whatsapppp! Just nak pengsan skrg.. twitterusername HELLO BABYYYYY heheheheh if y'know wat i mean XD
??twitterusername Fuck up moment when you're brushing your teeth and the toothpaste drop on your dick??? WAT
Ren in period costume.. wonder wat role RT twitterusername [PLEDIS NEWS/ NU'EST]  Ren while shooting <Jeonwoochi> twitterurl
THIS LA SIA! ????twitterusername haha this lah "twitterusername No one cares about wat u gonna do on Valentine's day ."???
"twitterusername twitterusername how is that ?" i se or hear from u ever wat happen to our frenship?
that guy that sits beside me during chemistry is way 'dirty' ... if y'all know wat i mean
If u didn't hear wat I say, den forget about it~ I don't have to entertain yr attitude...
Jonghyun driving tvN's taxi, CNBLUE film tvN taxishow aft MusicBank. got me interested, wat show is this? twitterurl (cr 900515_j)
Classic. Always work right? RTtwitterusername twitterusername ko knal kn dia?? so tnye la wat pe?? then tnya dh mkn ke..
Dey, why da? Who finding problem with you? ??? i dunnoe ah . haha anonymous wat so i dont know . LOL twitterurl
Gonna be so pink tdy hahas. Bt i lyk! Wonder wat color theme will i hav for tmr... hmmm
wat dee.. gosip apa lg ni.. -_- RT twitterusername Hadeeewh , bkn ny ud pts dr twitterusername  RT (cont) twitterurl
>< call oso nt call my phone wat... wae am i holding on to my phone so tightly... -.-" ultimate baka ><
Also thinkin wat to wear on e 5hours bus ride to KL! Top+jeans or tunic+leggings or dress?
2PM's ADTOY comeback stage. omg Wooyoung did a hurricane sweep thru 2PM's dressing room, wat happened to Woo's hair? twitterurl
"twitterusername why tak sampai sampaiiiiiii?! ??????"ehppp grass slows ur time haha if ypu knw wat i mean
If u could see me now, im sure u will regret wat u did to me in the past.
u lol me fo wat fak u RT twitterusername LOL ??twitterusername twitterusername ASK HIM GO DIE LA!!!!!???
The Listen Language app on Spotify is great. twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername though the Czech lessons are wAT
"twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername she loved as so much that she forgot ouo" ;; wat is it" your love xD
Bought dis DC Heroes Superman Camo Tshirt for his birthday last yr.. Still tinking wat i shall get for?? twitterurl
Walk and walk ard jp thinking wat food to buy and Ended up buying ananas noodles instead.
wat if im asleep and someone sits on my face n i cant breathe n i die oh GOD
Today move all out pai kaki lemah sendiri. Hahaha! Tis is wat u called pratice makes perfect. :)
knn i dun wanna go wat onboarding,lj join company so long also nvr successfully go for it one,knnccb
"twitterusername twitterusername wat the hell is going onnn ??????? Hahahaha" no hell here.not funny at all.what do u want bal ? Lol
Wat if the big announcement is they will stil be having the comeback, even without the mv. Hahaha
GOOD. Cuz if you don't you're not my friend. Haha JK. Do you game? ??? wat AHAHAH I play league twitterurl
He seem so cozy with you at back of the taxi! I see what you two did there ??? Wat twitterurl
Stupid or wat this uncle dont noe how to say excuse me he give sound signal expect orang paham
That god he didn't had his head with parting cut or wat bc it remind me to the red sea..
Waiting for next appt n clash of clan goes on a maintenance break.... Wat r the odds?
"twitterusername Did Andy tell Ajaz not 2 use his personal items?! So wat was gauhars lingerie then? Idiot #BB7"
Guess wat shse always been so sweet miss you babe thank you !! will do love you lah babe :) twitterusername twitterurl
Yoi je peHahaha. Ah then i say.it back to you... you got friends wat. Sol relex babe. twitterusername
I am happy to share the knowledge of wat I learn from uztazah with my fellow friends ^^
Why do you have a lot of haters? ??? im not likable i guesssss haha wat to do. twitterurl
now that taeyeon deleted the pic in insta, she also apologised to wat she never even done
Fuck lah not in a mood hais thanks eh if this is wat that  make you happy!
Ok thats fast you wat course ah? Aww thank you dear you too ok :) mine first exam next friday twitterusername
Ikr hais never still got hope belum second half twitterusername twitterusername Wat to do.. Haiz.. Goal pls.."
The UK's manufacturing sector contracted again in April, but by less than expected, according to a closely-wat... twitterurl
wat you mean babe ? I need my lanyard for tomorrow temperature taking tapi i lost it hais twitterusername
When politics, schemes & manipulation abounds, wat muz 1 do 2 survive? ??????? premieres tonight 10pm! #hkdrama #channelu twitterurl
I really really dunno wat hapen to maira . When her car is broken then she also speak broken .
haha is it? Dorang penyayi or wat ? i only kenal yang One of this guy Nazry twitterusername
Dreamt I went back to sch for an event and literally queing up get food instead wat the hell
"She has the incense burning so we can't smell the weed she's smoking" wat chill i just luv incense
And when snsd own sunny also have that face on so wat are you guys going to say now
I never knew turn down for wat was a song lol yall get everything from songs yoo ctfuu
I NEED HELP OK WTF RT twitterusername wat is happening RT twitterusername I'll never get over this twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday. Virtual Google Tours of Angkor Wat Comes Online - VOA Khmer: Daily Mai... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
make a lot ltr all cannot eat how haha wat u do again ytd when u're drunk
ltr make a lot all also cannot eat one how hahah lol wat did u do again last night
AsiaClassifiedToday. Map Monday: See the Angkor Wat temple with Google Street View - htxt.a... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Dah la mengacau orang tidoq. Hmmm okay now boleh start wat keje, stop disturbing people and do your own work.
Morning sickness? Wakakak RT twitterusername I only feel this discomfortness in d morning.. Duno wat is it...  ... twitterurl
Wat tag are u gna b r0ckin? L0l RT twitterusername We out twitterusername Tonight ? got something special planned
Ray ban on ma eye Gucci on ma waist wat can I say I got expensive taste
Idk wat m i bringing but my luggage is filled! Gosh! Hope everything is just to gif ppl
Hi guess wat in my house theres 16people 3catliving in my house ,amcm da mcm zoo lom?
xde sape nak wat gitu.. T.T RT twitterusername cd's sweetheart RTtwitterusername letak nama twitter acc someone's husband padahal budak2
[Mcountdown] Woohyun's shiny golden blazer paired with big sunflower prints shirt inside. Wat is the stylist thinking =_= #INFINITEMANINLOVE
Someone help me, wat the fuck on earth is the word for this pictures !! I'm stuck aite now twitterurl
Yeah or have boom gates RT twitterusername twitterusername yeah that's wat the meeting will be about have like security ... twitterurl
I can't stand ppl who purposely dun ans u when u talk to them. Dunnoe deaf or wat. So rude!!!
So now wat i been looking forward to quite my job and suddenly u say cannot wtf!
Stfu lah you r super noisy hurt so wat must tell everybody meh... ??? I like ley how? twitterurl
if u found a ezlink card, wat will u do? use it? or return it to the ticketing office?
I wake up every morning thinking of wat I gotta do for ma self not caring about another's opinion
Bisphenol S: A Toxic BPA Substitute Found in BPA-Free Products: Manufacturers of plastic products, including wat... twitterurl
??twitterusername With a dildo. ??twitterusername Sometimes i see myself stabbing my own dad in the chest in his sleep.?????? WAT
piyo jio me wtg...oh my,long time neva do already...dunno wat song to do also
So don't think I don't kno wat be goin on I just choose not to speak on everything
Seing kampong teenager not caring about wat people think of them n me carIng is jus sucks
You knw wat, u will always be my eyecandy ?? ??? Awwww sucha sweetheart. Mind telling me who are you? twitterurl
Thats not wat u told me lol RT twitterusername I had a ball last night twitterusername twitterusername !!
huh what? got wat? new safari???wth is tt wnag new what zoo wjat safari...??. new animals?? haha!
We finish all the lessons and the repairs for the sch liao they still go do wat osl??
how you handle all the haters ? All sex ask yoy ??? Dun take wat they say to heart i guess. twitterurl
Nowadays 13years old kid talk about club,tattoos,pierce omg for god sake wat you want to become?
Not joking... tis is wat we saw on fri nite at aquanova...oO @ AquaNova Restaurant n Bar twitterurl
I got boo's every where feel me don't me mad at me its wat I do feel me
"twitterusername zong is back watch half the fanbase getting depressed again he he he" wat do i do? :///
I have dream about apink eunji hahaha I forget wat happen but I remember that i back hug her
"twitterusername what do u say to ur sister if she is crying????? are you having a CRISIS" omg wat hahahahahah
View of world heritage Angkor Wat, one of the 7 wonders in the world. @ Cambodia, Siem Reap.
An office guy with long sleeves n pants just dashed by with his mini scooter on the pathway.hahahaha.cute or wat
Wadthepink, 14 stops to jurong east.. Still have to take bus.. Woah wat time will I reach home man
Good thing I'm not a hoe ??twitterusername Man I promise yal hoes dnt kno wat yal want !!!!!!!???
Most entertaining composer!! <3 RT twitterusername the best composer in the world! wat a masterpiece!! twitterurl  #SeungHyunDay
Called one of the haemato doctor on the phone and he suddenly said "hi yes whattsup?" Cool or wat doc.
gak pake bb aku yot "twitterusername Wat da pak of mean? Wkwk bagi PIN RT "twitterusername Now here is Nowhere.""
Ayel should stop tweeting n start thinking wat reason he gonna give to wany becos he's late
lol wat. RT twitterusername I get to hug and smack my crush from the same cca. #NYPconfessionss
wat minhea what did i do how am i being weird (pls i am never weird, always cool)
Because family matters and mother is asking all of us wat to cook tmr for hari raya haji heh.?? twitterurl
My love for watches.so anyone getting me sumtin for my bdae tis nov, u noe wat to get.heh heh #muketaktaumalu
Fam aint fukkin wit me i gueesse time to do wat i do best n dissapere for a while
Hahahahahah dumbest :"D RT twitterusername twitterusername lol forgot to get wat we came to get from u :"""D
wat the hell!! million live is not available in sg gree?!! $^$%^twitterusername then how do i breed idols?!
rumoured only but wat a bullshoot rumour they hv... exo mini album tracklist... scarecrow (d.o. w/ lee hi)???????.. #nuts!
"twitterusername Look at me out the corner of yo eye one more mf time !" Wat you gon do ??
No motivation is ok. I will fuck you someday. Fuck you hard.... ??? wat bye next question pls twitterurl
Mfs dnt wanna help u unless its Benefiting they sorry ass ! So sick of ppl idk wat to do..
"twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername old school stuff tonight yes? :D" xd i see wat u did there!  Lookiing forward to 2nite
Even though he said wad if like that happens one day. Wat you said really breaks me..
Guess wat I am doing stalkin kak liz youtube ! Hahaha justvto watch all those forteen video *peace*
Get out my mentions before i snipe you! RT twitterusername Wat chew sumbody boyfriend gat RT (cont) twitterurl
WAT THE ACTUAL FUCK SIA I WANNA WATCH THIS RT twitterusername Film Censorship Board bans Noah twitterurl twitterurl
ok u know wat i'll just force myself to popular tomorrow morning and have some mini stationary shopping
Wat r u doing ikea stahp get yo shit together RT twitterusername Ikea pulls almond cakes after bacteria found twitterurl
u forgot once u was lik close to her as a fren? then nw wat? wunnderful fren u r.
Idk wat I could possible do sitting on da phone wit u smh I'm goin to sleep
Watching our wedding escort video n thinking wat if we are still like2010-2011 where we are unite
Tis stupid japanese guy! U think spareribs noe wat u saying to him?! Siao must keep hitting him meh?!
Its the start of a holiday guess wat ?i will be at home rotting while others go to a holiday
??twitterusername Your boyfriend treats you like dog ??? Wat teh fak. No. Wtf. twitterurl somehow I find these people so pathetic.
9 months of our up & downs, laughter, arguing , acting stupid, loving each other no matter wat.. Through?? twitterurl
Without school I keep forgetting wat day is today LOL everyday seems like a Sunday to me  :p
??twitterusername So I woke up in the middle of the night with my brother vommiting all over me . Fuck??? WAT
All black for LUNA SEA concert!~ yeah... I dun need to think so much of wat to wear le hahah!!~~
HAHAHAHA NOLAH . wat i meant was people that stay as part time nak jadi mateir la belo haha twitterusername
Seriously... say wat if i go ite thn don go back see u. Dont go back lah!
Wat c0l0r tag u gna b wearin? RT twitterusername Just a few hours until we doing twitterusername !! #SinglesParty01Feb #SinglesParty01Feb
Wtf some faggot added me on fb and after i accepted the person blocked me..... Uh wat ok
Tulahkan wat can we do now is just to pray for him. Insyallah everything will be fine twitterusername
NOOOOOO RT twitterusername Wat TaeTiSeo to leave their MC positions on ???Music Core??? later this month? twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername omfggg i almost forgot wat neek looked like elementary days lls awwww??? shush lls
Totally forgot about the Songkran Festival @ Wat Thai #SFV starting tomorrow 8am-6pm! (Last year's recap: twitterurl )
Guess wat! Sembawang got Pasa Malam!!! Nostalgic Max! N of cos ramly burger is a MUST! twitterurl
"twitterusername twitterusername wat??? Serious??? Damnnn!!! Harapkn youtube je lh"ade live streaming kt website astro but problem tk dpt tgk..
Haha but wat if this happen if dorang matair?  twitterusername twitterusername then buat bodoh sudah.. nk gado pon tk gune."
u think u wat? Parents big fuck? Can change timing as and when u like isit? Wtf sia
??twitterusername SEX PARTNERS: Aquarius, Virgos, Taurus, Pisces, Aries, Gemini, Cancer Libras, Sagittarius and Scorpios" u see wat sign 1st
First time going to the chill room n i go wooops! Wat a way to welcome me TT twitterurl
i dont know wat happen. my mind was just thinking bout just now. stoning while the rest help me out.
I just passed and didnt see D: RT twitterusername Wow wat an accident on picasso and zaragoza damn
??twitterusername Uk didn't even make the tourney ??????????? y'all lost to trey Burke lol ay wat happened last year ?
Sis.... Wat did. U bring back 4 me???"twitterusername twitterusername odeeeee!!! , thks for the "cute avi tho""
Memories or souvenir ? RT:??twitterusername twitterusername u have a new phone alr right?? For wat u want that phone.???
[CNA] Dengue cases could rise to 1,000 a week if nothing is done: Balakrishnan: Environment and Wat... twitterurl #singapore
jermaine gone text me talking bout some " wyd " nigga lets talk about this TWITTER BEEF  fuck wat im doing lol
I am at my lowest  any i need your help this is wat i get thanks eh beb
You gone die with a 100 racks wat good is that gone do you ?? Spend that shit !!!
??twitterusername wat made u intrested in first place? I am nvr into it. not even into smoking!??? \
"twitterusername wat if taylor swift is one of the special guess during 1D Day" dont even think about it
Mom called sayin she's not feelin well.here I am in the bus thinking wat to cook wen I reach home.errrrrr
Wat a nice wheather to go to  sleep but i have yet to do my packing hais
Wat age u knew abt sex? ??? sec 2 we got the sexual talk ah thats why twitterurl
Large segment of planet will be hit by water shortages: More than 500 million people might face increasing wat... twitterurl
Wat yu know about dem glass jars it can be a V6 & ima drive it like a nascar ..
HAHAHHA WAT RT twitterusername Like a coffee shop iced milo. Confused. Warm at the bottom, cold on top.
Wat could be more badluck than getting screen by ssb in the shopping mall n you got a contraband cigg?
Alicia's so happy and annoying wat problems does she hv? ??? the happiest people sometimes hide the darkest secret... twitterurl
That was mariska hoo lol. "twitterusername Wat de hek leee hahaha RT twitterusername Say happy birthday to me!!!"
Sorry but I cn nt see my friend kene bully or wat I will cnfrm stand up for them
You have friends out of schl who skate wat ??? yezz but I no longer have a board hahah twitterurl
Article bout a patient kicked a pregnant nurse. U think we nurses are like wat? Ball isit? bodoh punya orang.
Guide to holiday etiquette: Firm handshakes, clean plates and sharp gifts could all land travellers in hot wat... twitterurl
??twitterusername A man can legally beat his wife, but not more than once a month. (Arkansas)??? wat
R u watching #uservedhot now? W/o Owen & Tailong's tastebuds down, wat will happen to e eatery?
Bfre you point out to people who celebrate  valetines day is haram think of wat u did first ,
Told sis about him and she ask me to do the same thing as wat otheres told me
kinda lazy to go for the hokkien course later.forgot also wat I learnt 2 weeks ago. sibei jialat
I think I should not have said wat i just said just now to bro  I noe u are offended
i lost so much respect for #oomf.  idk wat this nigga still doing on my #tl #unfollow
If i like to help people solve their problems.. wat kind of job is suitable other than customer service?
4get that. Wat a hot avi maan RT twitterusername Tag o_O RT twitterusername RT twitterusername Is your unfollow button broken? -__-
so this is paint wat i'm talking abt RT twitterusername cant stop watching this! Ah paint <3 twitterurl
Wat I look like Mr. Frank fuck free ?? No doe hoe you can't fuck wit me .. #MacDre
if you were nt a dancer wat you were doing in ur free timee... ??? Watch pewdiepie videos twitterurl
Wat do u do when u miss someone terribly. U suck it up n do more impt things!
Chill ah bro wat to do this is life you cany run away from reality hais twitterusername
AsiaClassifiedToday Asia Thirsts for Water Security - Radio Free Asia: Asia Thirsts for Wat... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
??twitterusername twitterusername haha! wat? terlupa.. oh yah uh... paiseh.. lets hope no wrong meanings.. &gt;&lt;??? google it. Tkcr :)
I don't like to see something that will get me reminded of the things that hurts me in a wat
I'm exhausted ~ shall continue deleting tmr morning~ gosh wat have I been doing w my FB all these while? D;
wat do actually girls go for when finding a boy friend ??? His heart, looks, and character. twitterurl
I usually don't use the side door but I did today and this is wat I see !! Smh twitterurl
We both got a thang for one anotha so shawty tell me wat its really gon be
Tupasal no matter wat I always love him so much daddy  I almost teared when he said that just now .
Omg wat a monday.super duper busy to the max running here and there like one mad woman
N level! :O RT twitterusername twitterusername hmm dats a bad thing bt u know wat is worse?
Look wat turned up while researching my QAD urbang3m horoscope online. Wtf srsly hahaha hahahaha tis is?? twitterurl
Look wat turned up while researching my QAD urbang3m horoscope online. Tis one more tame. Haha twitterurl
Another 5mins I go out from my house. RT ??twitterusername twitterusername wat time u going to school????
TQ wat selalu pon xpe RT twitterusername Sem ni kena boros for someone elseeeeeee .tapi takpe . Once in a lifetime
People may call me a flirt but thats wat they see , coz even if i flirt i know my limit :)
my phone is like kena sambar petir or wAT because the memory card wont work and IDK WHAT HAPPENED
Look at wat my bro did to him.. It's not a scarf, it's his C.D stuffs.. twitterurl
Class rep can pass to someone wat, doesn't have to be me all the time. Haizzz, irrits uh.
SAME!! HAHAHA :D RT twitterusername Too scared to see the UT answers so i just ignored wat faci talk. :D
catching up with matteo, talked crap during lunch..n suddenly 2 hrs plus passed by. wat the.
Ooppss..sorry wrong choice of words..RT twitterusername twitterusername wat slash? I nvr say anything bout slash...
Idk wat 3e2 do for osl when they went to the same place as 3a1 & 3a3.. like seriously
#lifestyle #news: Five minutes with Water Wally: An imagined interview with latest YouTube star Wat... twitterurl #singapore
wat girlfriend ? RT "twitterusername #mygirlfriendnotallowedto  talk to Jake from the State Farm, she better go call Flo from Progressive.."
I heard you afraid of cats. Wat a loser!!!! ??? Haaaaaa then again, who are you to talk! twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] Watch this video of the hailstorm submitted by user Azhar Yusoff, taken from the...: Wat... twitterurl #singapore
huh wat the!?!? rules of engagement just ended like that? i didnt even know! the ending sucks!
The beauty of Wat Nong Bua. Fly twitterusername to BKK five times daily and transit to Ubon twice daily!?? twitterurl
Wa Liao I have 4 big cheques late on delivery or lost in mail or dunnoe wat. Argh. My $$$!!!
??twitterusername twitterusername Hahaha ! Nonsense. Wat your doing now? Ns uh? Haha??? nice england.. Yes NS! Not N lvl.
YX: Duizhang is in charge of inventing new dishes... -errr.... tetibe tringat cake yg die wat kat shim shim tapa =.='-
Wat if they pretty n smart? RT twitterusername These girls that befriend each other ngobuhle I wonder If they ... twitterurl
wat is champagne chase after a stray cat and i chase after her wa thanks ah twitterusername
During ss, i didnt study and went to wat h masterchef. Manageable still in the end ROFL.
Hungry n dnt know wat to eat but i know it aint gon be no thanksgiving food ! Smh lol
Got out of bed,saw wat i was wearing in the mirror....tros feeling flashdance. *pull lever, splash!* #onceAdancerAlwaysAdancer
You can know wat type of person she/he is jus by looking at their music playlist
Lol I dnt knw wat she's talkin abt RT twitterusername Lmao akufani naye "twitterusername They should talk to ... twitterurl
"twitterusername Missing someone.. but wat im afraid most is , is it me in that someone's mind right now ?"
been on steam the whole day no one invite me, when I'm gonna leave for work EVERYONE invite me. wat.
no joke sia i feel abit the scare whenever i saw bangla hahah wat if they not happy?
lol wat the new instagram has this function called the "instagram direct" for sending pics & vids to ppl hahahaha??
wat a differ....hyung bought present worth 100++dollars while maknae bought present worth 7dollar #exo #Kris #KaiAndSehun
Every one thinks kchigh351 and I go out to hoe around!! Well this is wat really goes down ppl !!!! twitterurl
Wat if chu onn says that he dun like u? ??? Hmmm okay. And you forgot to off anon, tch twitterurl
Whatapping with dini and I swear this is wat I call sweet hahaha not those kind of.... twitterusername
I flash receipts fuck some bands money ain't shit if can't spend it on wat you want !!
sensitive topic but wat the hell is going on?.. about cl, teddy, mental breakdown song, muslim n Quran??
do you want to send me the letter?))hohoho..i`m not Santa ??? Send lo btw wat letter twitterurl
Wat you mean by misunderstanding. Trying to bring them down one by one. You reporters should apologize to the girls
Fuck this bus driver don't t noe how to drive properly ah keep sudden break for wat!!
huh wat charlie? RT twitterusername CHARLIE GOES TO CANDY MOUNTAIN!!! RT twitterusername did i had dream of kidney being taken away?
:( how was your test?  mine besok last day wohoo!  lepas tu dah leh graduate hehe btw u wat course ah?  twitterusername
"twitterusername Ppl say that they are gonna sleep 100 times and guess wat are they still doing? Freaking still Tweeting!! Hahah"
You are not always on twitter anymore,wat happened? ??? Wow someone actually realise! :) Uhm I just got a job rece... twitterurl
??twitterusername im going crazy... why cant i understand the chi-square analysis result TT???wat is that chi chi why so cyte
GD_WW fanbase doing donation stuff for charities in SG. Do these charities even know who GD is? Kor charities are more meaningful wat! Zzzz
ZE:A5 sub-unit to debut in Korea with 'Voulezvous' album. Starempire Ent i still can't figure out wat that word mean twitterurl
sama !!! HAHA RT twitterusername Wat if i said i still afraid of meeting dentist evendoe me gonna be a dentist. #oneofmyrahsia
Today went from >>>> to <<<<<<<< but tomorrow is a new day so we'll see wat god has set for us tomorrow everyone have a blessed night ????
??twitterusername twitterusername wat is that? I need to have a look first.???its an iphone app.idk about android try check it out
U know hw to handle that then! RT twitterusername twitterusername dats wat i said dey wanna b grown 1day n a child da next day
All you have to do, is to agree with wat i said and then just help me get it... it's THAT SIMPLE... OMG how hard can it be? -.-
THIS IS MUCH RT twitterusername I feel more foreign when I'm trying to explain something in Chinese than explaining it in Japanese. WAT IS DIS
Today a empty bus and empty train!!! Happy to the MAX!! Tis is wat I need after a long day at sch.... :D
Why is these east niggas all sucking ma dick? Wat yall there last night? Did yall ride for Purdy? Did yall take a L for Purdy? Oh ardd
Heh I had my fair share of working with him while in sh. RT twitterusername Oh man!!! He's retiring?!! Wat a great loss!!! Best of luck Neil!!
hola migos twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername i m now doing the slides for poly projc so wat colour dyou guise want for the slides
Keep seeing fanpics of TAO & SEHUN together! Wonder wat they talked abt Lol. TAO is Chinese & his Korean isnt tat good. twitterurl
sometime somehow i feel like laughing at wat u say,coz everything come out frm ur mouth doesn't make any sense at all.
Wat i meant was do u see urself marrying her or only ... ??? Too early for that question. That depends on our futu... twitterurl
I make a decision!! I wan to appeal to SP.. Wish me luck!! Hahaha.. Jus try and see wat happen... :) same course jus different sch... :)
You know wat is sucks? When yr friend is happily whatsapping people n here you are starring at yr phone,hopping for texts
This dumbass lady took all this to ?? nxt level ! She was holdin a walkin stick & asshole she nudged me wit tat damn ting ! I look like wat ?
I see wat u did thar ??twitterusername Lyin on der cold hard grawnd RT twitterusername Sudden obsession with sitting on the floor???
A bad news followed by back with a bad flu ,trobbing headace,bad sorethroat and fever haiss wat a holiday I have :(
What is masturbate ??? Soalan bonus if you dk wat is that you are to young to even tweet that lol... twitterurl
When you rejected someone dun expect them to stay n wait  for you.you think wat waiting for people is fun meh,??
Ima enjoy my summer wit ma niggas John Ross n Reese doin wat we do fuck everything else #SuckaFree loyalty its a lifestyle not a tattoo
a female aint a hoe just cuz she talk to niggas .. she aint fucking or sucking so she can do wat she please , !!! esecially if she SINGLE .
And so I asked dar: do  I look skinny or slim? Dar: "skinny but got baby fats..." wat a nice answer
Again, much respect to the girls who can wear normal girly/porma clothes at angkor wat and take nice pics. Jusko ako pawis galore.
"Aww no not today. Bubble tea is too fattening hun. C'mon lets go get mcdonalds." - ang moh mother to her daughter. WAT.
Do u know wat would be nice right now? A smoothie. An ice cold mango n pineapple mcdonalds one. Anyone not busy fancy deliverin? Go onnn
wondering wat was original lyrics.. hmm RT Infinite7Facts INFINITE H's original lyrics for Tasty's 'MAMAMA' were too racy & had to be edited
Den i be thinkn like wat if sumn happen to em while im not talkin to em, ah be really hurt... Cause i was being a lil petty
"twitterusername zong is so rude to everyone omg?????zong is so rude to everyone omg?????" rlly omg????? IM NICE WAT im rlly nice ugh
Guessed wat I am on my back lah guise study Rpp with the ladies and the best pat is main hujan hehe
How are you even a slut?! You're like the most innocent girl ... ??? thank u and we're all innocent wat u talking abt twitterurl
Flu again!! I hate having flu!! Tis tym given 2 types of flu medicine.. Dun know for wat.. Asked for?? twitterurl
i got lots to tink n when ppl ask me wat i m tinking..  j say nth cos.. idk how describe?
Terpkse follow roland garros kt sini... Urgh~~org yg kje astro ngn pemilik company ni mmg suke dpt dose free..sbb wat org marah..
Did not managed to watch music bank today as I have NPCC and I was not able to go airport to see suju too wat a pity
wat is the no of the epop? (Ans when ur fren tell u) ??? Sorry not sure but this is the cover page! Hope it helps ... twitterurl
she saying IM dumb but her school closing lol.& last time i checked its MY twitter and i do wat i want & spell everything wrong if i please
Fuck wat she talmbout i dont care if you burned shit  like i said i had nothin to do with dat shit......dumb ass bitches
Wow so many typos. *they were amazing not webeat maxing wat. omg they sang falling in love and I was a mess ;___; I saw it live yo?? guys
U av a GF nah!!!! Wat kind of boy r u sef"twitterusername twitterusername wah abt d relationship btw U n I......??...loool"
This is not good... feeling tat weird feeling at my heart again... too tired i guess... >.< bt wat had i done? Lols
"twitterusername wat is happening to the world today." in singapore there is this girl named fatimah who is lying down on her bed
I wonder wat will I be doing is taeun wgm ends cause there won't be any eunkey moment once it end
How many sub u take for o lvls, wat r they?? ??? 6, art emaths english chinese bio/chem geog/ss twitterurl
btw crew 8tv g hongkong.. bestnye dpt update psl MAMA.. xsbr nk tgk ap yg en. yixing aka mysterious goddess wat mase performance exo nnt..
this lady sittIng beside me just now had breast smaller than the primary school girl sitting opposite of us. wat are kids eating this days..
Dont ever lie to a ex police officer see he found out wat u are doing twitterusername Hahaha! And he is our dad!
then if u dl why post a pic with him with that emoji lol wat a jk ??? why cant i and who is the jk now LOL twitterurl
If this is wat u want me to react towards you then so be it ! Tak kuasalah hari hari nk gaduh
Mate with one of these niggas RT twitterusername I always wonder wat my kids will look like.... Lol lawd please dont let them come out (1/2)
Feels so weird waking up not hearing tv sounds frm the living room cos thats wat the lil bro will do every morning wit his cartoon shows
WAT popcorn with stickers that say "ready to pop!" on the packaging are perfect baby shower gifts!! Thanks 4 inspiring me bubu's mommy!
U know wat the best thing about working in uss casa,?its the bonding that make us like family, i'm?? twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername you tell me wat course and i'll knw ^_^???  electronic in comp & net. Hmm this april year 2. Haha happy finding
Hate it when people only says the pos stuffs about them to others ,making  them seems so outunderstanding. wat abt the neg? Letting it rot?
I really menyampah when pple asked me "bila nk buat passport?" & guess wat? Th person I hate th most jz asked me tt. kepala otak trus ZNGGGG
how was seyoung unnir? is she really pretty as we wat... ??? She is really pretty, I actually took quite a number ... twitterurl
idk wat 2say omg but thank u fr the random surprise @ my doorstep & every other little things u did to make me happy twitterurl
??twitterusername ??????????"twitterusername Hais really feels very sad in my heart actually. its like i dont know wat im feeling already at times??"
In life people come n go but 1 thing for sure is our family will always be there for us no matter wat
So now before we book any flight  overseas suring our balloted leave we need to ask permission isit? Wat kind of soccery is that..
Im so crazy missing you tat i talked to the pillow... After a few seconds, i was like... Wat the?! Im talking to the freaking pillow?!?><
I'm tired but I can't sleep . I'm hungry but I'm lazy to cook . I want to go eat outside food but I dun have money . Wat a life ? -__-
WAT D: RT twitterusername When ever some one ask me to buy them food, i masturbate and cum in it before giving it to them. #NYPconfessionss
In class: 5% Paying attention - 12% Playing with a pen - 21% Checking people out - 62% daydreaming of wat I could be doing if I wasn't here.
Hi guys see wat me n my friend try to make?icing for muffin heheh first time do n it went well ^^ twitterurl
is i talk to u,u busy. then nw u free but i jus woke up and on twitter. dk wat to say
Why u don't dress up properly sia.. Always see u wear... ??? because I only dress up if I have to.. AND WAT IS CHA... twitterurl
Sub  tweeting is pussy shit I laid ma offer on da table bull didn't wanna fight so I left it alone wat more u want me to do?
??twitterusername Get her one! RT twitterusername ??twitterusername This ice cream cone!!?????dats wat dip hollin fa???I got to she ain't gone hush
Cassies dunnid a fancy seating plan.. We juz nid to noe whr is ech area then we can decide wat tix to get!! Pretty pls release it Tt
Lol. Wtf sia just now two ite Indian Mackals go middle of the road in front of the lorry duno wat they doing also..
just realised every time my comment is not really related to what Marin posted because i always use it to tell Marin wat i wanna say instead
Thats wat its All abt! but they fail to realize smh RT twitterusername I'm not picking up until you can call at a descent hour #respect
Close to my previous NS term. Way too long because the money's not right! Haha. RT twitterusername 2.75 years to go , too long or wat ?
died in my sleep n my hp fell. they tot something bad happen to me..sweet or wat..pastu angkat call kene maki.
??twitterusername I would be v pissed off too. So wat if u drive luxury car? Doesnt mean u own the road. "
If u juz gonna edit/revamp wat others had done, then might as well let u do everything =.=' basic courtesy plz
Hmm i dunno like a lot of famous pol there i think? Haha.. Wat cca were you i... ??? Hahaha, netball and npcc xD you? twitterurl
Wat does love means?Watch the lengths a dad is willing to go for his daughter. Rmb to catch Testube (Unconditional Love) tonight @ 11.30pm!
??S/o to those niggas that's only fucking with one girl and keep it ??! Type of niggas who don't play mind?? & is loyal no matter wat! ??
I now study till so hard thn u ask me go ur shop learn wat beauty things.. might as well ask me go jump down the building sua.
D0nt u w0rry I'm als0 a 90s baby. Mara u dnt knw wat kind 0f pr0b I'm talkin abt RT twitterusername Kahle (-_-) RT ... twitterurl
Awh shit girl.RT twitterusername twitterusername N da house I just had a taste fa sum burnt hot dogs dats wat om puttin on it lol
Disappointed with my results eventhough i scored 2 A1's, 1 A2. Marks wasnt wat i aimed for. Aftr PTC, i double confirm there'll b a lecture.
Cos it seems dat the person u care abt is pretty care to sumone else more than sumone wat he called gf.
just get one of those toy cuffs the kids play police and thief with xD and what the hell, choked by metal rod, but not by hand!? wat ._.
Somehow after achieving things,i realized tt something is obviously lacking in life.then i asked myself,wat is it tt im after?
Wat chu think of zkmj ??? Badass ah lian, cannot say much I scared :( HAHA nah jk really great and caring friend t... twitterurl
My mum starts the most random conversations, for example this morning she asks me 'how is my cheerios?' Wat the hell!
very reliable apps.. tp most of the time xleh wat pape sbb dlm kelas.. kuar noti berjuta kali ckp nak?? twitterurl
but wat about the corruption and in the federal level? prerogative of d gomen of d day lah kan? judiciary, role of the authority, governance
The feeling of kena stabbed by an innocent person.... TT wat am i supposed to do!!! *dies silently in misery* TT
Niggas get dressed for school to impress another nigga smh that sucka shit I wear wat ever float ma host cuz
wat if u should decideeeeee that udont want me there by ur side that u dont want me there in ur life?????
you buat perangai lagi skali.. yday wat you did i will forgive.. not one more time... cos its been sooo long you've not.. pls don't take my
yeay new vid from them!!! oppa, wat take u so long??? T_T 2014 Happy Valentine's day from JYJ: twitterurl via twitterusername
Could not wish u on 12am on the dot cos I am too sleepy heres wat I got to say Happy birthday babe ??? twitterusername twitterurl
Threw away my shoes today cos its dirty due to pple stepping on my shoes @ 003 standing pen last night. Wat a horror! twitterurl
"Straight road clear traffic... whack lah. Wat u expect?!? D rider knock on yr window n ask permission whether can overtake u isit?" hahahah
if we can wait -17 deg for AS, we can wait 0 for mariko n nyannyan! ;A;)o hahaha wat kind of screwed determination is this thou
Needa help to sell this for my Comm Service Progem at SMU... and see wat i saw XD NJC... seems like i?? twitterurl
Mum says i wear like as if i am going to townpadahal gi sentosa je  :( haiss i seriously have no idea wat to wear
And guess wat the whole bags of chocolate that i get for my birthday lasted for more than 2days lah sia haha cos sayang sangat nk makam
so, if one guys watches av and is perv its considered normal. but i dun watxch but already so perv.. wat does it mean?
Dis hoe all on my shit Rt'n shit just follow me why dnt yu...den again yu mite be mad at Wat yu see soooo wats the point
"twitterusername twitterusername as wat u predict haha drink more water no more rain for u tmr bring an umbrella take care"
Last time u plan to go SA or wat ? ??? Nope, Sports School! But got probs with the class cos am a repeat student s... twitterurl
if i was to tweet about chris or lance he would be mad but you know wat ima sit back and not say shit.
I listen to Gucci Mane & Frank Ocean "twitterusername I can tell wat type of person you are just by the music you listen to"
Haha! If only we got a choice babe wat to do epp must go lah !  twitterusername twitterusername what luck lah. Idw to go to schl lah. Hahaha."
Picture of the day:  wat Nong Pah Pong in Ubon, Thailand. A place practised with teachings of the Buddha under... twitterurl
I dont study at sch you say i play play at sch now you say atleast go sch put effort wat fuck is this ?!
??twitterusername OH WAT ITS MAY i just realised its may already oh my god what am i doing with my life????. #everythingunproductive???
Been wanting to eat breaded papa since forever and I'm so jelly jelly that I saw judy wat the puff. Jelly!
From wat I know its soccer at woodlands street soccer this wednesday not sure if its nana yang plan cos futsal tak jadi twitterusername
If you were going to do karaoke tonight, what song wo... ??? I prefer malay songs wat song eh hmm lagu legend luah... twitterurl
Who is like Jayley? When young & ignorant, blame ur parents 4 wat u can't have? Always remember, family gives unconditional luv #teenageself
Describe Nadia twitterusername ))))))) ??? Hahaha hi cute n funny girl but bechok mcm dee "p oi better dun tell wat I w.... twitterurl
is2g i am the only person among the omegles that is actually normal like im not a crazy fangirl like wat
Ppl who shop here r BEASTS!Fuggin' faggots shld go & die!Try pissin me off early in ?? morning & see wat happens.I give sheeit abt customers.
I'm craving for egg tart. Please Ain pleaseeeee T.T "twitterusername twitterusername haha.btol2 btol.ko ckap je kek ape.sume aq da bleh wat weh."
Kalau nk hantar message from wat I noe is 0265 followed by my number u try ask naniey she should noe twitterusername twitterusername
Alahias u dont noe eh hmm how? U try babe letak wat I told u then u see can or not ok :) yes I am hehe twitterusername twitterusername
....they're gonna do sumting about it, bt nothing is done. Low salary, but work lyk wat. One day i'll definitely migrate to M'sia.
Haha..you r a doc or wat? They asked abt dick ??? stop being a dickhead? why are u talking abt dick here dickhead... twitterurl
Joke of e day wen le indian colleague ask wat is chicken breast translation in malay, another indian colleague quickly say 'ayam tetek!'HAHA
i think all these #sgvine-ers should stop thinking that theyre just like jerome, marcus johns, king bach or smthg. meet & greet for wat fuck
it seems that nobody is asking me out for makan or whatsoever during my last few days here. sad or wat. ;(
Dear Lord u done took so many of my ppl I'm jus wonderin why u haven't taken my life.....like wat the hell am I doin right????
I wan to go running again... Haiz... I think I gone fatter!!! :( I don't like the feeling where I hav to control wat I eat... :(
If im talkin my mama dnt even wana hear the words me&sex in the same sentence Rs idk wat her problem is
You can stalk people by turning on notification on their profile . Wat ever they tweet will pop out at yr notification
??twitterusername twitterusername still good wat better than me i got c6 beat that??? omg! You must read more books lah or pay attention in class XD
My mom just jumped for joy because there's  no one at the clinic which means she can go shopping later......? #wat
??twitterusername twitterusername yes yes yes!! Btw wat happen to the other boy? Since I only see 1 boy in a pic???idk .. What i know both died :/
"twitterusername "twitterusername I think me and twitterusername is getting annoyed:/" lol I think I noe wat ur talking about :P"haha :)
Maaf kekawn.offday on9 siang td.rmi wish luck for 1st day prac. Anyway,gle babi la wat tax co dr 2009,aih nasib tally!
[GIF] GD spinning his skirt~ twitterurl -i think it's wat many guys wanted to see when girls wear skirt, so they try it themselves
WAT??twitterusername We've seen tweets from people reporting smoke in Newton MRT station. If you're in the area, could you let us know more? Thanks!???
Wats so special bout tweepfamous and wat makes them so phucking special and people'll like every single their twit? Even it's sounds stupid!
Fked up asians... stand there do nothing watch teammate die only then our turn to do wat they did to us they scold us noob
Really. Hais, tak percaye sdh. Haha. RT twitterusername perasan. i knw for wat oredi. pfft! RT twitterusername im going south korea(:
Franchise Marketier kne join meeting tp npe Corporate Marketier x join? Wat the diffren? Still japanese acc! Kt sini pn politik!
[Music Bank] U-KISS Standing Still ~wat i need to see: closeup on Kiseop's smexy bodywave & Kevin's shoulder dance move  /flails/
Walao eh u just 'K' me in our convo! Wat does tis shows man? U dw talk to me le is it. ??????
My friends call you Jennifer Lopez plus Megan Fox haha! ??? haha wat 0_0 who r u tell me tell meeee I will kiss u twitterurl
Head spinning plus headache la siaa wth keep walking left n right ~ This is wat happen when u only slept for 6hrs -.-
1st time in life ., she walk away ., never look back ., wat she does not know that i stand there watch her go as my tear dropa away .,
I next week holiday le wat... u wan do anything sui bian lah just let me finish my this few days de plan can anot?!?!
Hmm so wat if we are close?  your relationship problem  u jolley well settle it  by yourself. Gentelman lah sikit pftt!
wat are u trygto say huh haha "twitterusername twitterusername ish why the zzz , he is training how to protect the peace that you enjoy freely hahaha"
perhaps i should also blog to rant out whatever i want.... Twitter is so open to my family to know wat i'm doing/feeling now... haiz
Think seasoned Japanese fans know when to come and go.. reach marine messe but not much ppl in sight.. haha.. at least not wat i expected..
I wonder wat this communal bigot twitterusername has to say abt the head of a Sikh brother chopped in Pak  twitterusername
??twitterusername While smoking just now.. Kakak was floating behind my stairccase landing.. Always pop up when u least expect.. Haiyoh..???WAT
Look at Wat twitterusername aka mis paparazzi just send me lol. titi_coly in the back working her camera too lol twitterurl
??twitterusername twitterusername what end up like me. Let the story be no endings alright????? | LOL!! U knw wat I mean! Happily ever after it shall b. ??
Wat dd she do? RT twitterusername Do like twitterusername girl  "twitterusername This cab driver is talkin too much and I'm not in d mood shem ?"
We wonder wat lvl of fanboy/girl all of u r on the topic of #CampusSuperStar. Wld u aldy knw some of our finalists' names by heart?
Setting alarm at 6.45 and snoozing all the wat till 7.30.. Tts how I wake up. Good morning! Here's my brekkie.  ... twitterurl
Guess wat! I'm doing a flea market in sttugart n Amsterdam in may!!! Thx to my frends living there! Cant be more excited! ??????????????????
This is wat im drinking today~ 0 cholesterol, 0 fats, 0 sugar, oolong tea is healthy! XD twitterurl it's taller than my mac screen
Lol my mother just gave me $100 to buy cloths. So I'm seriously going to buy her a present this sun no matter wat
like, would salsa + metal go well? heheh. k sorry metalheads/salseras please do not stab me for suggesting that heh. macam cool wat. oops.
Exactly beb! haiss i try to forget wat happen macam mane pun he still.my dad. buruk baik tetap bapak part of it was my fault :) twitterusername
Kenapa baby kene sweet sangat nak bawa aku pergi adventure cove bc i told him i wanted to go thr sigh so sweet 4 wat
Pulau Blakang Mati.. RT twitterusername I remember got ppl poke fun at sentosa island , the initial of sentosa , wat is it again ?
I give up on science Liao. I don even know wat miss nor saying and studying without understanding makes no difference
wAT ?? RT twitterusername I honestly believe that a Banana has more potential in giving a lecture on quantum physics than a plate of Bee Hoon.
Red! u missing it man RT twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername ur uncle jack want a shirt too man regulator JACK!!"Wat Color He Want
y the sec2s and sec3s attention seeking? wat they do ??? Some of them like those lians/minahs always fucking SHOUT... twitterurl
Best part is i don't realize its stupid until she goes like "ye lah" at me. Hehe. Oops. Well at least i try to keep conversations going wat!
spent time reading Chapt 1 of bunkering and scored only 12, but chapt 2 i did it without reading and i scored 18 -.- wat is dis!!
??twitterusername ??twitterusername "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername omfg des pls put down your phone if you're driving" yEs mO$??? DCY YOU MAD???WAT
The kind i wouldnt fck wit! RT twitterusername Cricket me usin me for hair styles er week wat kinda friend is she???
??twitterusername ??twitterusername Omg! I swear this is the first time chest tattoo is the most painful!.???WAT THE HELL!!! U do tattoo!!!??? Tak kak
Good morning! Feels like a lazy Sat, good for exploration. . maybe we shud juz follow wat e pic says..#justgoshanghai twitterurl
stupid fan! if you don know korean then don use google translate and get the wrong meaning of wat taeyeon was talking about!
Wat is e purpose of life w/o hands & legs? #nickvujicic tells us in ??????????????, premieres 16Sep, next Mon 9pm #teenageself twitterurl
I'm pretty sure Sulli stayed over @ Choiza's place cos she's spotted wearing EXACT SAME outfit she wore the day b4! u noe wat that means.LoL
Gaurani(sp) :"D RT twitterusername Doing a list for the bar 2 stock nd I dnt knw wat to send #Sweet&Sexy_28thSept
Dear girls sometime you have to tell the guys wat you want coz sometime the guys scare that we will annoy you if we do the wrong things
Take a #budget #travel from Bangkok Chatuchak to Siem Reap Angkor Wat! Our road-trip to both cities in 3d2n: twitterurl
This guy came out from the female toilet and I have him the wtf face then there's a whole bunch of guys in the baby room wat HAHAHAHA
Girls usin tat Tamil P word, major turnoff I tell u ! Control ur sheeithole girls! No matter wat, u're still a girl! Dun turn into a joke!
thts wat I like! lets party all day! When ur back you... ??? all day all night ;) haha okayyyy. wait one clue. mal... twitterurl
I'm currently watching a group of indian students jogging up the RST hill singing "goyang goyang, goyang  kepala goyang" wat de fakeri?
Eh wat????M'sian court rules use of "Allah" exclusive to Muslims,raising qns over minority rights in the Muslim country twitterurl
You know wat fuck this shit even without them smtown already alot people Liao add them in wont it be too much
I hope my dearest is doing well in SH. Really hurts me now to see him like this. But I still love him no matter wat.
How do I confess to the girl I like? Like wat words should I use... ??? Whatever your heart feels like saying twitterurl
So I actually ate breakfast today for once, and now I???m a bit shaky and weak even though I just finished lunch. Dear Body: WAT.
Wat is the sweetest thing ur gf has ever done for u ??? i can go 100000000 pages about this lah haissss she has do... twitterurl
Cerita running man actually psl ape eh pls explain boleh ??? It's like a reality game show. very fun ah if you wat... twitterurl
Ask mother wether can I go to langkawi next year and guess wat she reply? "Ok can but with one condition,accompany me go batam k?"wahhhhhhh
??twitterusername If u have to beg him to do things 4 u guess wat baby girl....he's just not that into u ;)???lol stop throwing shade britttt
"dont let ur heart down easy... pick up & make the best of wat u can... thre is alot more in this world for u to xplore & njoy..."
WAT "CONFIRMED - MBC announced that Song Ji Hyo and Kang Gary will be the next couple in WGM.The shooting starts next month(v: runners_jkt)"
prev tweet: Namu "lost" his passport when Infinite reached Malaysia airport. so everyone waited4 him to find it (if not idk wat will happen)
??twitterusername twitterusername i thought wat we had was something special man. y did u betray me n go with some other girl ? Hahahaisss???
Wat I do today was just slacking in my rom and talk otp tweeting and nothing else haisss such a boring holiday
Wat do u like abt ur crush . ??? not crush but eyecandy haha eh idk him, people like me stare from afar la. twitterurl
Plastic surgery, pre-marital pregnancy, diet, peer pressure-juz some topics on #letstalk! Tonight8pm, find out wat GenY students are tiking!
Look closely when twitterusername SNATCHES the mic off twitterusername it looks like Diddy had a lil stroke. Not a clue wat to do. Lol #WORSTBehaviour defo
Homed and everyone is asleep sigh whats new? Shower and I shall head to bed wat a longg day I had today
Make u happy then for wat u post it on insta to let e... ??? Its my instagram afterall? If you're not happy you ca... twitterurl
that's how he's inspire me . though people busy with duniawi , he just watlek wat cool je . having moderate life . just the way he is .
twitterurl WAT in the nine realms is this boy doing??? Hope he doesn't ge diarrhoea orange juice+milk+m&ms twitterusername
really gets on my nerves when ppl act like they don't know u @ all right aft they've gotten what they wanted frm u tsk so realistic for wat
10 years? why? 2 yo can eat pasta already wat! RT twitterusername twitterusername funny ah you hahahah the kid has to wait 10 yrs my pasta will expire!
I'll say 'fuck you' RT ??twitterusername If someone insults Bruno mars, wat would u do? ??? I will just say 'k'. twitterurl
So i just read 1 article and this person say "We should be happy that foreigners are here". U knw wat makes us happy? Punch ur fcking face!
I seriously dono wat i was blabbering to the visitors just now during the presentation of the surgical top up resupply.
What if someone flirt to u? Wat will u do? ??? Depends on situation. Either ignore or try to play with them... twitterurl
wat is your opinion of young girls getting pregnant at age 18?... ??? wew chaotic. its like opening up pandora's box. twitterurl
Giant panda to e right, red panda to e left n a banana in hand. Wat better way to end a day at #SingaporeZoo? twitterusername twitterurl
Wat will u do if got another guy that treats her bett... ??? Why you so many 'if'? Can you talk more about things ... twitterurl
Wat can u possibly teach her? How can u bring her hap... ??? A lot of things that you cannot teach. In a lot of ways. twitterurl
Early in the Morning and I heard my neighbor above me "Crying Out Loud" :/ wat a day to start out w~
Must be nice. *jelus face* RT twitterusername Wat a way to cheer a woman up by takin her shoppin thanx Bby blessed
"twitterusername twitterusername lmao bring me sumin to eat Maya! And not no pussy either lol"??????Waab ! , wat yu want?? Roll one of dem fattys
So r we gonna get to see maria michelle carla tina an sophie do some fuckin strippin on corrie or wat? Fuck this guy shit
I would be v pissed off too. So wat if u drive luxury car? Doesnt mean u own the road. twitterurl
L0l eish ???. Wat happened 2 it? Give me ur charger RT twitterusername My iPhone is dead having a ceremony this sunday ... twitterurl
didnt really regret schooling in in the school i am in now. great companions, eye candies, open book exams. wat else could i ask for?
didnt really regret schooling in the school i am in now. great companions, eye candies, open book exams. wat else could i ask for?
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername sorry laaa smlm baby girl wat hal.. xdpt nak kuar... next time me treat lunch! dinner ni susah lorr..???
wat m I gg listen to frm nw on? RT twitterusername The Married Men booted from Hot FM91.3 over "inappropriate" material twitterurl
U are someone who brings happiness to others. That's wat I love most about u. I'm happy to have someone like u in my life
I just cant belive my best pal dissepear himself just like that. Defug Man.. wat just snap out from u guys?
Jus had my og listening to bro twitterusername music &watchin his videos, she HATES rap buh likes his stuff :-) Bro da shit wat can I say.
I dont fucking care whos fault or wat so ever.. But is better to u leave us and go to yr better friends there.
obviously not rite? cnt u just for a effing sec u put yrself in my shoe .. see what situation i feeling now??? feeling hurt so wat?!
I hold my grudge only until I see tat the person's ard me . Once the person's gone far away , I'll 4get abt them . So wat more abt grudges .
Its way 2 wat Vuyi? RT twitterusername Surely Muslim women are going lit today. Its way to hit for those Alahh Alahh things....
Wat RT from_exoplanet: ?[FANACC] When Luhan is going down from the stage, he danced Gangnam style, Xiumin joined. Chen took off his shirt.
sharing a study room with strangers isn't wat you see everday :D haha but using the room alone makes me feel #foreveralone
??twitterusername Such a nice loan shark. Informing us that they're gonna burn down our neighbour's flat so that we can take precaution :')??? WAT
Wat a good starting for feb! Went shopping wiv may ong and xiu hui at bugis just now!! :D twitterusername twitterusername
I sometimes wonder wat my secondary school teacher said to me: "Will you still support your idols when you are all grown up, as adults?"
wat... my teacher asked me what "scorching" was, i said "very hot" and shes like no and asks someone else (conti)
"twitterusername i dont knw wat u doing now.but just remember u're mine" understand please" for ur info i am the man with Nuryaqoazah kea.
i dont leave to pleased you and i am not your dog to listen to wat ever things u say. Come on its my life!
ahm.. wat i mean is i want u 2 be my friend..if its ok 2 u..??... ??? yeah sure. it's okay with me twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] Watch this bodyboarder as he gets swallowed by a giant wave in the Pacific Ocean...: Wat... twitterurl #singapore
mum "actually I don't want to tell you, but I didn't know which one you wanted" then she shows me the miumiu catalogue on her iPad. #wat
bathing wen sis open bathrm door and say, "dun use my gloves ah" "WTF KAK!" Wat shud i use this for, scrub my anus? twitterurl
friend see Mikumomo photo was why she look so different? i was like u see her before wat! and he was oh she look better in real person
No matter who came in 1st in ??????????, ppl will just KBKB.. we all know that this fandom is unpredictable.. thats wat make it fun n interesting
Lookin at whole wardrobe of clothes n thinking wat to wear for Fhm party. Was jokin with the models yesterday Tt I'm Wearin bikini. Habaha
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername hahaha! Go la,wat u gonna do at home...just go je??? dont't scared #YOLO klah i wont say that again
OOAD now... hope I can understand wat the teacher is gonna say... Missed my lecture this morning, needa catch up alr
??twitterusername twitterusername hey. Wat happen????? |My fantastic fren who knws me only for money.If he needs money only he'll remember tat I exist-.-
Keep on askin & u will receive wat u ask fr.Keep on seekin & u will find.Keep on knockin & e door will b opened to u twitterurl
Baby: 2years later & we get married. Me: wat if im studying? B: skip sch 5days wont die one :) Me: skip sch 5days to get married ah? ??
Erm wat did i juz watched? O.O oppa... plz dun... the song is acceptable... bt the MV... okay conclusion, twitterusername is pretty.
Then I was like WTF she say she understand wat I say when in the class then now she tell my mother the other fuck her lah
Literally everyday im hearin different famous ppl r gettin nicked 4 rapes an bein nonces wat the fuck is goin on. Need 2 be shot. Real talk
If u have a boyfriend wat do u wan him to be like? o.o ??? Understanding and funny. That's pretty much it, really??... twitterurl
damn wat do u gotta do to show a females u ready to be comitted just to her? smh i done it all
They released everything which I am happy about but wat I'm not happy about is when they released it I'm in school
The one who is  forever craving for orea cheese cake wat is left now are just good memories between us . #muchmisses twitterurl
im tired.. im tired of putting my all in.. do u noe is v tiring? not noeing wat is on ur mind..
Am I the only one who thinks that today time reallyyyy flies.its gonna be 2pm sooon and wat have I done?
Did u see the hall of fame for DIRETIDE? The use cleave damage to hit roshan instead of hitting roshan directly. wat.
Lol yes *hides* RT twitterusername Now I remember wat got me so drunk,did u make me drink vodka off a bottle lastnyt twitterusername ? Lol
"twitterusername Why do people ask me wat I wan to do in the future when I dun even know what I want to do in 10 mins.."
No man wat is jamie can eat or not you mean like jamie cook the coolest c... ??? You're definitely Jamie. Luv u James twitterurl
??ohjagihan: ??Some sasaeng fans disliked baekhyun for ignoring them so they hit his throat as a revenge bc hes the main vocal??? WAT DE FAK
WAT IM SO DONE BYE ??twitterusername Hoya is sitting at the edge and shaking the  hands of Inspirits around him. #KingofFanservice #OGSSG???
Sometimes the best way to diffuse a situation is to act dumb and clueless while remaining calm and alert....dunno wat I talking!
I heard that ur class going to move to sec 1 classroom...wat do u feel bout it?... ??? Sad,angry >< Haha. twitterurl
Asal seh dia tiba tiba cakap gitu hais then wat u reply him? Did u all fight or something hopefully not :( twitterusername
Everybody pretend to be rich in KC like we aint a small town & we dont wat erybody do for a living ..
Must watch movies this week : The Scent (Korea) Kwa Soo jadi budak terencat.Now You See Me & World Wat Z.Semua cerita ni 9 bintang aku kasi
Shouldn't you be making use of the time now to study ... ??? eh. are you telling me wat to do? and wats w the atti... twitterurl
Sometimes im just tolerating all ur nonsense ok. Dont think i look happy means nth happen. U just simply dk wat im thinking
Wat I'm really touched is someone of his status will take out 15 mins of his time to talk to me about my industry n industry markets.
exo december comeback.....livejournal is seriously daebak! exotic using tons of gifs that suits the news really well.. #wait #what #wat
Hby went for co dinner n this is wat he get but unfortunately will b using d voucher to buy gift for?? twitterurl
wat if i dont fill in the form bc i keep procrastinating and forget about it and i get fined omg :(((((
Rindu nk main bola sepak ngn team skola..paling best mase lwn KB .. kitorg wat come back..then final main kat Stadium..main full..hehe.rindu
twitterurl Vixx except Leo: wat made u angry now? Leo: huh? How u know im angry *Everyone points at sew up sleeve* twitterusername
the urge to talk back to u is so damn high but wat if Im being brushed off again..or ignored. shud I?
98 is full of malay guys going mosque haha this is wat happen if u take bus this timing on a friday
Le LG just attempted to slap me because I keep singing hokkien CNY songs. But.. its CNY Wat. . #cnyspirit #likeabeng #jipaihosehliao
its either u're dumb or just plain blind. cant u see there's still ppl infront of me walking. say excuse me for wat? irritating specimen
Mummy said the same thing as wat feeqah said haha but seriously its a pity what if your loved ones are in that flight how would u feel
So sportsseoul is going to released 2 exclusive news at 10? I wonder wat it's about, I get the feeling it's about snsd again.
Lagenda Budak Setan 3?! Wat.. i still havent watch th 2nd one bc I kp crying when I see Farid Kamil, emotional stress twitterurl
My mom not an agasian coz she did not type like 'wat pe?' But my dad sometime agas sometime not but his cute when type liddat
NOTHING! MT twitterusername oman draw with aussie, jordan beat japan, wat does this means for singapore NT ya? and dont talk about syria yet
ahha i might be blur might be stupid,but wat i m nt.. is spyin hahaha. is lik since pri sch.
??twitterusername twitterusername skin colour doesnt define a pure heart.??? | Wat matters to any1 out there is ur appearance first . Nt ?? heart . #truth
I love my phone now!!! Haha wat left to do is to wait until lijin help me change my statue bar
"my hair is nt always neat,messy hair.My face is nt always dry,perspiring.My grades is nt always good,its acceptable. I am me,wat can u do?"
I went for beginner for tango, bachata, cha cha and adult contemporary and then i quit already hahaha. Went For fun only wat. :D
Andddd somebody tricked me by saying sumtin which was not actually wat shes gonna say and it actully shocked me big time.
Wtf lah u.. ask me bring her go thn u neh give me money. Wat u expect me to do during the 3 hrs???????
Niggas waste soo much time tryna impress ppl n fit n fuck that if u don't like me idgaf im me n that's wat it is
"twitterusername this just in naomi teaching randoms how to spell lovato all around the world tune in for more news at 9/8 central" wat
Jay Park & C-CLOWN, Jay holding Shaking Heart album. suddenly all C-CLOWN members look so tall! u know wat i mean =p twitterurl
Wat Fark crap ur religion dun allow it. Ur actions damn weird. Even u no interest in him ur actions still damn Fark weird
You can carry on doing wat u do now...which is making people hate u haha..you are actually good at it hahaha
I came that way n tried calling yo shit it was 6 RT twitterusername twitterusername rude ass. Wat happened to yo ass yesterday
I had twice as many shots as wat is seen here. All by myself. -_-''' most stupid thing to do ever!?? twitterurl
how does one get a picture with harry kissing them you cant just be like KISS ME FOR A PICTURE cause hed be like wat
Pple no longer care wat Najib says now. They are more concern abt Fergie retiring. Najib should thank Fergie for this.
Mum asked me what happened to me? Was like huh, nothing wat. She told me i gained like few pound. Sigh. Thats why i really2 wanna burn fats.
If ur wife suggested to send ur mum who contracted diabetics to a nursing home cos it's inconvenient at home, wat will u do? #Ucrossroads
??twitterusername dnt talk to kayla jasss RT twitterusername twitterusername :wat bang???i knew ah bitch was gone start hating sooner or later
U know ur idols aren't rookies anymore when they wear torn shorts w a BIG hole. lol #Pri love #FTISLAND no matter wat twitterurl
Hahaha yup !!!!!! So I noe wat kind of a person u r ! Haha  I was sitting op... ??? When?! Sit opp me in canteen or?? twitterurl
When u r angry ur heart will beat faster than u r calm. So wat u can do is take in lar... ??? Thanks for the tips man twitterurl
lol i better study i'm 17 i need to start being more sensible....no wait u know wat maybe i'll start doing that when i'm 18
Lmaooo what?? "twitterusername I don't care wat no one say cuz all y'all just lookin in from the out side so choke on a light skinned dick"
Wat ??twitterusername .... My mum is going for a wedding and the theme is pink and peach and she's wearing black.. Okay......???
Inner. Lace. Lining n i dunno wat it's called! Wait for d finish product when mom put her expertise n?? twitterurl
When you happy, you see others so emo, confirm you find it merepek wat. Then when you emo, i laugh at you la.
Oh shuddup ! I dun wanna hear from u ! Its over between us ! Lol actually wat was between us ? But stop talking ! I dun wanna see ur name !
Our class tee shld just put red lor.. wat event in sch oso can wear cos most of the event is wear red clothes mah.
I believe wat we hv reflects our true self. Enuff said. I dun mean monetary terms I meant ppl aro us n hw they tink of us.
Wat do u do wen 2 monkeys in ur hse dun want to slip?.. Feel lyk giving them a sliping pill..
Wat abt Kanye? U over him too? RT twitterusername So over the Khanye West thing nigga's sold me dreams today amaphupho ... twitterurl
Like wat I always say "a house is a home but a house really a home when ur loves one is gone?"
??twitterusername twitterusername babe.. Havent get the package full person yet la!! :)??? | Hahaha I haven't !! Btr luck next yr to me. ?? Wat abt u?
??twitterusername I dun wan cca alr luh. ): everyone cfm will bastard me.??? Ahahaha! U try go CCA luh! See wat we will do.
Fuck so wat I Hab a lot of comment?obviously u r doing de wrong things that's y I telling u wat.irresponsible/selfish fucker
Wat is the thing u most regret doing? ??? Treating someone with hopes, but in the end it turn out nothing.... twitterurl
se what ?me & him barely talk on twitter  so wat u talking about ?! twitterusername twitterusername what you thought i ain't see it?"
twitterusername *IF* I find led apple cds i can one or two for u...so wat song am i looking for??
RT twitterusername Justin broke Alfredo's iPhone because he was using it to take underwater pictures. Since when did an iPhone become wat ...
Till now I dun knw wat I did tat was wrong . All my actions were & is genuine . Misunderstandings ? Pls clear it out . I need all of y'all .
Cabbage yams mac n cheese bbq chicken RT twitterusername Wat yo mama cookRT twitterusername After I smash this food momma cooked!!
Juz have fun n enjoy wth that wat do u have noww..ignore people that mess n spoil ur mind n heart...;)
If snsd is going to be injured because some fan push them or wat I will just get out of that fandom.
"twitterusername Seriously sorry that you guys are jealous that calum talked to me but you're alll fucking rude RT twitterusername bless!!!" wat
i asked my lil cousin " wat i been missing up southwest " she gone say " i turned bi , & we have a dog " ctfuu she outta pocket yoo .
Wat would u do if u accidentally kissed one of ur guy... ??? its awkward and i dont know maybe pretend like nothin... twitterurl
??twitterusername idk abt $2000 but I???ll get full off a 2 for $20. lollol??? that's wat I'm talking bout lol
Okay, im not a fan of anything tat's related to horror but somehow i like wat i edit~ Dark, creepy hallway. HAHA twitterurl
So many people call, text and fb me asking wat I'm doing now to lead this lifestyle. U Shld be askin who is my mentor Tt teach me.
HAHA AISEH. 'INSPIRED' Nice!! RT twitterusername twitterusername know wat, i went for navel piercing after i saw ur pic on instagram!! hahaha:))
I look at younger girls quarreling w their grp of so called sisters/friends & think wat for go thru all these?
wat is the most interesting part when going for event in Japan? Trying to find the place on ur Google Map and how to travel there.
Sayanee is cool! she said letters from overseas increase n guess wat? She wrote: I'm reading letters from everyone! Thank you for writing..
??twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername .. they take it apart then have elves come in during night time to fix it back together.??? omg WaT
Ya knw wat? Ask.fm's just full of bullsheeit & drama! Use tat useless app & create trouble for urself only! Sorry not sorry for ppl usin it.
Pretty true... ppl can say u r in self denial n wat not n put u down... way way way down... believe in?? twitterurl
2014 is just over a month away !........do U remember wat U were doing last New Year's Eve ???.......I DO !!!! twitterurl
Chorong have been having those patches on her hand for a long time! I notice this when they are in 1n2d! Wat happen? twitterurl
Good news holiday till April bad news i dunno wat am i going to do till next year april other then skating
i rlly dun unstd y muz i go thru tis... wat do u exactly wan fr me?it juz hurts too much...
Told mum that of this continues i am gona hate going home and she just keep quite i bet she thinking about wat i said
We see whose ego is bigger ok if I am not at fault I should not give in so wat if you are a guy :)
wat if eu turn out to be gay ?!?!?! ??? Then? I be gay lo. But I don't think I am. SO ya twitterurl
My fault for being born dark ? I was not even born dark . I was born as fair as pure milk ! Wonder wat sheeit happened & I'm like this now !
wat RT twitterusername Beyonce may be a legend but she can't sing. Whitney Houston can sing, Mariah Carey can sing, Jennifer Hudson can sing.
Time to rant~ cpl dating on saturday... i dating projects n prof on saturday. Wat is tis?! *Cries* gimme bk my wkends!!!
Do wat de how much for the tickets? ??? Go haunted house and play rides. Got revenge of the mummy, canopy flyer, t... twitterurl
What differs between you and hana? ??? A lot uh. I play vigorous sport, she took a sport that is more relax. I wat... twitterurl
Wat if I'm eligible to go up to poly aft my higher nitec but I just so happen not to be in the list ykno shit happens
I saw the sign saying "happy dog" and assumed it was a hotdog store but no it was a dog care centre wat
Cant even sleep wit all the mental torture these people are puttin me through . Either FML or fuck yourself ! Wat did I do to deserve this ?
Wat do u think of this yr sec1 ??? tbh they a bit step and retarded... but its not right to judge u know ahhahah twitterurl
Wat happen to u and faizal ? saw u 2 post a pic last year . Thought u 2 da... ??? Your memory and stalker level. Wow. twitterurl
Can't wait for the result tmr!! ??twitterusername Results are not officially out. Jgnn percaya wat u see on the net. #ShilaAmzahiamasinger ??????
U usually wat time go yck gym ah? I heard that there is a lot of ppl ??? in between 4pm to 6pm I will go. ya true. twitterurl
LMFAOOOOO??twitterusername Bruh wat da fuck r u talkin bout? RT twitterusername twitterusername wow u and Jeo got girls wats the world coming to???
Hopefully tommorow i wake up i want to hear MH370 found and they are safely landed, this is wat mummy said to me insyallah its god willing
??twitterusername twitterusername yes mam! Wat can I do for you???? Damn we wanted to invite you to Olive Garden but hustling is better
"twitterusername twitterusername eh guess wat gibir whatsapp me that day "i miss you" all come out ok fyi je tc dinz" ha
Yayaya im "taken" u too.....wat.... so...we are never... ??? But on the first page of my foolscap, the future seem... twitterurl
i texted u what saying i wanted to settle through text cause idw mon we awkward u made ur decision to not reply wat. its over between us lol
and wat hurts me the most is when u had NO TROUBLE AT ALL saying yes to them yet uve been contemplating EVERY SINGLE time when with me. #FTS
My stylist tells me not to wash my hair for 24 since my color. wat should i do now? he used so much wax on my hair. can't sleep w it rite.
Me: dee dee wat u do if somebody hit u  Dee Dee: I cry....& then I punch them in they face and imma smack them and kick them to they bleed??
ARGH! I shldnt have OVERSPEND in Japan! If only I'd spend half of wat I did, I'd be able to afford to fly to Seoul for the wkend for GD con!
I'm soo soo soo busy tat ive got no time yes no time for social networkin . Its been 3 days since I last came to twitter . Wat more abt fb ?
My IEM tutor is giving me hope for my essay three. Please don't let me down again with a crappy grade like wat u did to me for essay 2..
This twitterusername ar, texted me to tell me he saw me playing ball bc he was passing by but nv come to court to say hi. Wat is this hur? :(
I literally closed my laptop and was in bed checking my phone and ofc  Tom tweets they are live now so I get back up SOB WAT IS SLEEP
Im tryn my best not to hate shorty buh I kno for a fact I hate that he blind Not really blind buh he cant see wat is or was in front of him
Sometimes I wonder if I still lived in Chicago how wud my life be, what job wud I have who wud I be w/ what burbs wat I be in stuff like dat
Where have I failed...Wat do I have to do to improve?Is my best not enough?Im tired bt I dont show it bcoz there so much things I wan do w u
guess wat I miss school I noe this is weird but seeing each and everyone going to school when I am stuck at home ok Monday please be fast
Wat do u feel abt e korean ferry tt sinks?? Its sad..but i feel at least e families get the bodies of their loved ones back. But not MH370..
I was scared af wen I woke up cryin, I aint neva cried in my sleep I told my mama &realized wat I had a dream about it was bout Bro John smh
Real niggas dont get on twitter n talk shit after a game they get in the gym n get back fuck wat these haters think they in the stands
Wat till i get ic . Shall pull mum to open ocbc acc fr me n take thtcard n start to save money . Posb put angbao till dad return me card
We're always lookin in d world 4 d things in front of us all along! Stop searching in d world 4 wat God has already given us! #BLESSED#WORD#
A Real Nigga Ain't Gone Tell U What U Wanna Hear He Gone Tell You What U Need 2 Hear & Open Your Eyes To Wat These Fuck Niggas Had U Blind 2
If a bitch eva call me thirsty ima show dey ass a pic of an ethiopian child and spray her ass wit da water hoes show her wat thirst realy is
Bro told daddy that i blocked him on insta and guess wat daddy say to him yelah kau kpo asal hahaha for once i feel so satisfied thanks dad
All u can see is pretty girls wat! Slim , fair & pretty face is all u need! Suck up her skin & freckles wen she grows old ok! U'll love it!
Yah wat if my soulmate had actually died? Or gt married to some dull woman who jz want his cash? Or he gt stranded at an island eating grass
what has I done to someone who loves me so much like wat the fk how did i manage to hurt someone so bad when i'm only in his life for 45days
No one those wat I do so damn right I can be mad. I get tired of people stepping over me and get attitudes when I say what I have to say.
So wat if he is from APS? Does not mean he is stupid cos ended up he landed in ITE also same place as where  you are now so mind your words
This is wat happen why somehow ur kami oshi n 2 oshi are in the same subunit. God omg no3b is just fuckin perfection. Gosh. I love this trio
I can't believe e cheek u hv to say tt I'm insecure abt u. Wtf. He will not gv u a 2nd glance if u r not my frd. Wat I'm saying is u duno
N wat piss me off is whenever i wan to get to know a girl some one will say eh pompan ni da perna kene try kau masi nk?
do u hate putri? coz i do. ??? Who are you??Why are you haying on her??Wat she do to you??May i know??She is a gre... twitterurl
Today is tiring but fun. And makes me realize lots of ppl do wat they do now becos they have no choice. I'm so lucky to meet my mentors.
Dan newman follow aq mggu lps tp aq wat bodoe je..dh tu skunk ni die unfollowed pulak haha jgn hrp aq nk follow ko..lain la jomo :p
I shld farking numb my heart. Sry d for not following wat u adv yday. Im juz too stubborn n even if I did I duno if is worth it a nt.
Plannin for a KL trip again wit Kuku. Hehe wat shall I tell appa this time round? I dun knw who to meet actually.. Cos bros r always busy :(
Yknow wat most of my friends is geting attach n I'm scare that I will have no one to slack wif because of their busy time wif their love one
I really believe i shud get my way &aint no way around that, gimmie wat i want wen i want it im 1000%sure thats a #Taurus thing SMH
Wat do u do when the love of ur life MSG u n tel u there's something missing in his life. Why, why do u come back now when I hae moved on
If a female is 21 years old and she aint doing shit with herself, no job, no money, not in skool and dont know wat to do she smash material
kdu called me twice and all i got was texts from maxis saying that i got missed calls BUT I DIDN'T RECEIVE ANY PHONE CALLS WAT SHIT IS DIS
When I wanna wake up late, I wake up super early. When I finally need to wake up early, I ended up waking up in the afternoon. WAT IZ DIZ
"Yeah ma what's up" "can you do me a favor?" "Ya can, wat" "can you go to Boon Lay?" (drinks water so that I can purposely choke on it)
bro called me 2 buy bread,i asked wat did mom cook 4 dinner.he paused& said "tak taula asam manis ayah ckp"lol I tink he meant by asam pedas
I never got it wen ppl said you want yo cake & eat it too , bitch if it's my cake wat am I suppose to do wit it give it too you lol
This aunty is mad!!! I'm not sitting at e reserve seat n she demand Tt I get up n let her seat n all e cabin ppl staring at me. Wat!!!
I have a right to my opinion n ima speak it if u dont like it unfollow me idgaf ima say wat i want fuck yall broke ass hatera
twitterusername yup.. tho screen juz a lil bit bigger, e A6 processor n 1g ram will be enuf to make us happy. i still luv iphone no matter wat..
It's juz a joke,dun step saying u r faithful&nt that kind of loose gal etc,if u mean wat u say,why would u Hab a fatherless child.-_-"zzZ
BTW wen other artist cover ur songs, u shld be happy wat!! They r making ur song POPULAR! Y THE HELL wld u SUE the pple covering ur song?!?!
It doesnt hurt if it turns out bad when u din put in any effort. Bt when u threw in so much of ur fking time and din get wat u expect...
Than say wat I in test take out phone! Cb my phone is already on the table in the first place lor is your fucking eye never see only
semua bnde nk bercerita.. jht ko ngn A ko xpnh ak nk bercerita.. thumb up la... start now wat hal sndri,no 1 i can trust even our own fmly
You can speak bad of me/twist entire story in front of your friends t make u like a gd person. But u can never lie to yrself wat u did t me
I cant wait for the day I come up you and say, " wat u did to me, one day another person will do it worse on u.karma's a bitch"
Wat wrong w u ar? Constantly on my case recently de! Wtf I'm not superwoman I also nd time to do it! Tis week alr frequently not in ofc
??twitterusername I am a lucky bitch to be able to find 4 sibei cute girls in foc who talk like me and can tahan my crap hahahah??? wat abt me
He basically hand me his hp n tell me to ans u. Tt is wat happened. Farking bitch dun tink u hv a hold over us pls. We dun owe u ANYTHING.
I dun knw how to be detached ! Wat do I lack in ? I can do anything for ppl I love . Have I not showed it enuf ? It hurts la ! Y always me ?
afat chasing some fly. and when i poked her while she was running she had this GASP WAT WOZ DAT face for a second hahahahah fat ass ho u
If ur dad doesn't like te idea of ne talking to you thinking I teach u bad I have n9 idea wat to do thanks for bringing me back to the right
baxtard sia. u wan or dw? wan jiu tak dw jiu dun take?! u treat her as wat siol? if i was her,giv u a tight slap in the face n u fkin leave
replaying 4:09 in M.I.B live on Super Kpop vid, wonder wat made Kangnam laugh out? (he LOL but produced no sound cos his mic is on) soo cute
I hv lost e will to b happy.  Again n again tis muz happen.. is there something wrong w me? Honestly im v lost rite down..I duno wat to hold
When people cooked those wings with oven u kpkb say not real cooking la wat cook must be from scratch la but now u also do e same-jiao lang!
Id Rather Be Dat N.I.G.G.A So We Can Smoke Weed N Sip Lean All Day Dis Is Wat I Say Ay U Need A Thug N Ya Life These Lames Ain Thugn Ya Righ
The truth is....  ive been glued to my bed for the past 12hrs And I did not even get up to cook maggie like wat I mentioned earlier #lazy
