really wor RT twitterusername twitterusername shoot me wor but i wont fall wor i am titanium wor
Cannot sleep wor~~~~ what is this wor~~~ why why why wor~~~
Go die wor ~ Private account zuo me wor?!
Live wor twitterurl
Morn - ing wor - ld :)
Tmr have trg wor
Wo dulan liao wor ??
Lyrics not bad wor. ^0^
Wah .. He give $50 wor
A-prince coming sg wor....
Again wor warld malam ni
Is Samsung going to overtake Apple wor~?: What do you think wor~? \
Pasta with wagyu meatballs wor twitterurl
Wah they left airport liao fast wor
RM> wah... got encore de wor~ #fb
Having my lunch nw .. Hungry wor
Wah today so many pics wor.....
twitterusername since when i have iPhone wor.
Nomming on mooncake. Hao fattening wor :O
Lol tmr confirm panda eyes liao wor
Someone is like really free wor... :)) HMM.
Shindong is the MC wor :D
Wah wah found out something wor...
Aiseh... Korean lady beside me wor :)
Wah baby eat good food wor
Got bear bear wor. #ilightmarinabay @ iLightMarinaBay twitterurl
baby yeye wearing leopard print wor.. :P
Wah need to make a wish wor :)
Eh twitterusername you CANNOT listen to music now wor.
ooO CNA got report game news de wor..
??twitterusername 130725 ?????? ??????? ????????? ???????????? ????? upload twitterurl twitterurl .....twitterusername one wor F$&twitterusername
twitterurl The 2 jap women famous liao wor~
I want a cheetah too.. So cute wor... Kawaiiii
aiyo Korea there going 10pm soon liao wor.. :O
Wrecking Ball has a lot of illuminati signs wor.
Wow NP the coffee only 45 cents cheap wor
give me bnday present ahh? thanks wor lmao twitterurl
give me bday present ahh? thanks wor lmao twitterurl
Before coming class still got interview wor x)
ooo SCoot's 50% discount air fare cheap wor !!
Ice Coffee wor.... @ Chye Seng Huat Hardware Coffee Bar twitterurl
Wa.. Got ppl queuing outside M1 and Singtel wor..
Thanks twitterusername twitterusername  for dropping by. hao gan dong wor~~ \
Twitter for android also upgrade liao wor :o
Yay mom cooked me sumting to eat wor
My baby me. Hao cute wor both face. twitterurl
First Japan fanmeet lol when sg turn wor
OMFG THIS SCENE... hahha Vincent buay tahan liao wor
Freeloading on the massage chair wor! :p twitterurl
Take picture of animals not easy wor. Props to twitterusername
Mojito @ The Library. Got free wifi wor! @ The Library twitterurl
Someone is having a happy day wor~ ??? Yes worrrrrr ^_^ twitterurl
Can nehneh be fast? I tomorrow still got work wor! ???
Tamar River - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia twitterurl // ??????????????????????????????????wor?
Got mobilisation ex wor #saf #mob #mindef twitterurl
Wah boss support EunHae wor~ RT twitterusername :^) twitterurl
oh this year they sell in set de wor
Uncle Bai.. i know you really zai in phototaking. thanks wor twitterurl twitterurl twitterurl
Asian consumers worry about innovation in Apple-Samsung aftermath - ZDNet: The GuardianAsian consumers wor... twitterurl #Tech
#Autofollow twitterusername Business InsiderApple Stores reportedly still face budget cuts, unhappy wor... twitterurl #TeamFollowBack
RJC is damn lucky this year to have super mega chiobu wor
??twitterusername twitterusername uhuhsiollllll pretty hor hehehe??? ahaahhahaaaa you more chio la! thank you wor HHAHAAAA .
wah cousin going 18 years old in 40mins time liao wor... AISEH LOL twitterusername :P
Why do people find Double McSpicy a challenge it is easy feat to me wor lol.
Erm.. Awkward liao lo.. U only update their grp pic.. cannt click in wor..
AsiaClassifiedToday: Multihull Solutions powers to the 2014 Singapore Yacht Show - Sail Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
AsiaClassifiedToday: Preparing workers for uncertain futures - Straits Times: Preparing wor... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
Aiseh someone still know how to delete tweet wor. Caught that
Panda News: State corruption 'getting worse' - twitterurl iAfrica.comState corruption 'getting wor... twitterurl
Why this Someone Like You version sound so retro one wor.
15th feb family gathering... Wah go restaurant... Quite ex de wor
Wah henry just woke up not long ago wor... See his weibo
AsiaClassifiedToday: Are SEO Conferences Worth Attending? - Forbes: Are SEO Conferences Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
AsiaClassifiedToday: World's cheapest computer gets millions tinkering - The Sun Daily: Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
double macspicy before match later. WOOHOO THE BUTT AND THE STOMACH HAO SAO WOR
AHA? some1 got the exact same Chinese name as me wor in my company
Brunch at Meixin food cafe @ Hongkong airport! Beef brisket soup noodle not bad wor ~ twitterurl
Congratulations to NTSS band for getting Merit~~~ Broke NTSS' record wor HAHA! twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername
New girl grp wor O.O Don't tell me it's Jenny Kim.....
Eh chaobye 18 liao wor! Have a good birthday k! twitterusername ????
what if boss take Korean Air come SG ahh? then is 7.30pm liao wor
twitterurl Migrant Workers' Centre expanding to help more foreign workers: By 2014, the??Migrant Wor... twitterurl
The boy really very cute la!! <3 He told me himself wor xD twitterurl
Not dumb doesn't mean smart you faggot ??? smart aleck wor twitterurl
Guy preparing his kavadi. All that incense. Very surreal wor. twitterurl
My nails bling bling wor! Hehe $120 well spend? ready for new year am I
??twitterusername twitterusername Happy Birthday wor ms bieber lim :3??? thank you?
waaaah hinting already wor HAHAHA ??RT twitterusername The next birthday is mine!!
#nowplaying in the char chan teng is I'm A Loner by CNRED wor twitterusername
Bo standard wor! QT twitterusername ???As long as 1 guy liek eu, eu r chio!!!!?????? ??????
AsiaClassifiedToday World Markets Weekend Review: The Asia-Pacific Surge - Seeking Alpha: Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
Singapore set for worst dengue epidemic - twitterurl twitterurl set for wor... twitterurl
Happy birthday to this blackie lady twitterusername !!!! Gone older already wor! Dont so lame already?? twitterurl
10m again with him? Haha. But take picture can't stand 10m away from him wor.
so taozi went shopping alone today wah buy so many things wor
Fighting halts polio vaccination in northern Syria: GENEVA (Reuters) - Heavy fighting has prevented health wor... twitterurl
Wow using Ipad for course wor...  So high tech now.. twitterurl
O.o mum click 'like' at fb post abt Suho wor...? Wah aiseh leh mum lol.......
So cool so hot so sexy ni hen man wor!!!! RT twitterusername AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA twitterusername twitterurl
what luh. But you know whose handwriting wor. RT twitterusername twitterusername so funny sia you lol!!!
Woahhhh clams wor #singaporefavouritefood2013 #sgfood #food #foodporn #singapore @ Alexandra Village?? twitterurl
HAHAHAHAHA RT twitterusername twitterusername don use WOR! So msian TA ME DE!
AsiaClassifiedToday: The World's Happiest (And Saddest) Countries, 2013 - Forbes: The Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
"twitterusername Especially this twitterusername Yeah sia, all rounded. WTF Guoran shi guai xiao hai wor?
Me: PM said at #PunggolEast rally that PAP got help the sandwich class wor.\
How to you pronounce jarodlee? ??? Jarod Lee (: haha how come mention jarod wor? :D twitterurl
Got xiaofeel to drink wor. ?? But I lazy go till so far..
Anyone wooing you now? :p ??? no la if have you know aleady wor twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday New constitution, new loan: Tunisia receives $1.2 billion loan from Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
You look sleep deprived in that "date" pic wor twitterusername Good afternoon ^_^ ??? Kind of HAHA twitterurl
Wah the son number 3 love clean clean wor bet he is like his dad Choi
??twitterusername First time someone say I sing nice wor! Hahaha!??? por ur balls
??twitterusername twitterusername HAHAAHAHA. Cannot sleep already wor!??? YEAH! And i got school tomorrow! Thanks littlebro, THANKS :<
??twitterusername twitterusername wat incident wor???? The capacitor exploded! HAHAHAHHA! luckily nvr kena my face.
Amber wor. Walking to gym is probably faster @ Tanjong Pagar MRT Station (EW15) twitterurl
twitterurl Start your work day with Sunrise in the City: SINGAPORE: Working adults can start their wor... twitterurl
Tennis: Federer marches into Indian Wells fourth round: INDIAN WELLS, California: Roger Federer made quick wor... twitterurl
WAH TERROR (on tracks) WOR! ??twitterusername I wonder what will happen to RM if they appear together twitterusername twitterusername twitterurl
Sweet right come lets fuck. ??? Dw la. Limbu sibei shy wor  FUCK U FUCK OFF CHAO CHEE BAI twitterurl
Working mothers urged to drop guilt as study finds kids do fine: LONDON (Reuters) - Children whose mothers wor... twitterurl
[YH!SG-FB] Workers in Singapore must value their jobs and adapt amidst our maturing economy...: Wor... twitterurl #singapore
#Russia #Book Non Violent Communication, A Language of Life  Create Your Life, Your Relationships and Your Wor... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Qantas CEO Alan Joyce joins LinkedIn Influencer program, but is it wor... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
So drama wor. "twitterusername 3 PEOPLE HELPED PM twitterusername HELP A FALLEN RESIDENT, WITH THE HELP OF ANOTHER PERSON! twitterurl
Night shifts not linked to mental decline: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - In a large study, middle-aged women wor... twitterurl
Am thinking... $160 for 2 shirts and 1 pair of pants is not exactly VERY cheap wor.
Marine bacteria to fight tough infections: Aggressive infections are a growing health problem all over the wor... twitterurl
Tough year ahead for retailers in Singapore: Tight foreign labour policies and low interest from locals to wor... twitterurl
Conclave cardinals choose new Pope: White smoke billowing from the Sistine Chapel chimney announces to the wor... twitterurl
RT 'twitterusername Samsung vies for spotlight ahead of iPhone launch: Samsung Electronics Co., the wor... twitterurl ' #hightech
NEWS US  : Apple features worth up to $100 to Samsung buyers, witness says - CNET: IBNLive.comApple features wor... twitterurl
News India : iPhone 5 to have worldwide 4G: Will India make the list? - Firstpost: FirstpostiPhone 5 to have wor... twitterurl
sigh string snapped today .. worried .. so lucky wor lucky until competition period coming then racket break and string snapped !
#Singapore #Book From My Sisters' Lips a Compelling Celebration of Womanhood and a Unique Glimpse into the Wor... twitterurl
#Manga #Comic #Book The Business of Media Distribution  Monetizing Film, TV and Video Content in an Online Wor... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: Islam's World War Came to Boston - So Far - Arutz Sheva: Islam's Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
Anyone wanna catch "dreamplay :: Asian Boys Vol. 1" by Alfian Sa'at?? Tickets go on sale already wor...
#Manga #Comic #Book Chain Maille Jewelry Workshop  Technique By (author) Karen Karon: Chain Maille Jewelry Wor... twitterurl
War News Updates > Has The Health Of Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's Taken A 'Turn For The Wor... twitterurl
[Y!FB] The world is running out of chocolates, according to tech blog Gizmodo, who disc...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday: World Cuts Back Military Spending, But Not Asia - The Epoch Times: Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #ads
?????????????.. you good lor.. I offer you arm pillow and you only but.. I feel rejected liao wor.. ?????????.. HAHAHAHAHA!!
[Y!FB] The world???s most revered monster is reborn with the epic action adventure GODZIL...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
AsiaClassifiedToday Workplace fatality rate falls to nine-year low - Channel News Asia: Wor... twitterurl #asia #google #biz
5 things 'Ang Mo' people hate about doing business in Singapore twitterurl This Ang Mo buay song Singapore wor.
War News Updates > New Edward Snowden NSA Leak: The NSA Infiltrates Links To Yahoo And Google Data Centers Wor... twitterurl
7 months ago my Puma top is too tight to wear. Today I can wear it with comfort wor.
[ST] Man jailed for attacking wife's lover with choppers: October 07, 2013 12:54 PMA production wor... twitterurl #singapore
Google becomes number two in market value: Google overtook US oil giant ExxonMobil on Monday to become the wor... twitterurl
The plans mentioned by dr koh during the #punggoleast #byelection maybe won't materialise wor.. Cos he not MP..
Faithfuls from far and wide cheer "humble" Pope Francis: VATICAN CITY: Throngs of faithful from around the wor... twitterurl
#Children #Books From My Sisters' Lips a Compelling Celebration of Womanhood and a Unique Glimpse into the Wor... twitterurl
Panda News: Monkeys attack workers in panda costumes at Chinese tourist attraction - Opodo: Monkeys attack wor... twitterurl
Young workers save more than older peers: survey: SINGAPORE: Contrary to popular belief that young Singapore wor... twitterurl
Early in the morning already so zibi liao wor ??twitterusername Hiding in this cubicle wishing there's nobody will find me ?????????
Just now one uncle walked past me & said ni hen piao liang to me. Wahh, got abit flattered wor.
The Texas Tribune: Considering Free Breakfasts for All Texas Students in Poor Areas: Texas legislators are wor... twitterurl
See this disgusting couple playing cards in my room. twitterusername spending quality time tgt wor. BTH. twitterurl
What have you been thinking about lately? ??? Kyuhyun Jonghyun Junyoung ZEA: the children of the empire I hate wor... twitterurl
Stfu :) RT twitterusername wow~ shit just got real Wor! "twitterusername Fuck. Fever now. What is this shit"
Ignore haters. They don't know anything that's why. A... ??? EXACTLY, MY GOD. FROM BOYS SCHOOL BUT BEHAVE LIKE WOR... twitterurl
[PR] Temporary Closure Of Exit 15 Slip Road From PIE (Changi) To CTE (SLE): To facilitate road resurfacing wor... twitterurl
[TOC] Contesting in an Uneven Playing Field: Seventeen improvement projects will be underway in Wor... twitterurl #singapore
[TRE] Contesting in an Uneven Playing Field: Seventeen improvement projects will be underway in Wor... twitterurl #singapore
World finance chiefs fall short on growth plan: Leading economic policymakers meeting in Washington voiced wor... twitterurl
Congo grapples with Ebola outbreak: The Ebola virus kills 10 people in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Wor... twitterurl
Asian consumers worry about innovation in Apple-Samsung fallout - ZDNet: Globe and MailAsian consumers wor... twitterurl #Tech
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA DONT PASS UR STRESS TO ME PLS RT twitterusername twitterusername Anak tak guna tu pasal stress wor
Don't tell me in that there's only 6 girls who are wearing skirts above knee ley funny wor
And the most expensive city is...: Despite Japanese deflation, a weaker yen and rising prices throughout the wor... twitterurl
Tennis: Storming Serena faces Azarenka in Qatar final: DOHA: Serena Williams celebrated her recapture of the wor... twitterurl
AsiaClassifiedToday: 6 forex worries to ruin your weekend - MarketWatch (blog): 6 forex wor... twitterurl #asia #google #blogs
#Singapore #Toys From My Sisters' Lips a Compelling Celebration of Womanhood and a Unique Glimpse into the Wor... twitterurl
Smart bracelet protects aid workers: A hi-tech bracelet could soon be helping protect aid and civil rights wor... twitterurl
Health or wealth? ??? Definitely health. I hate being sick (but I'm always sick). When you're healthy, you can wor... twitterurl
lol. Boss's mum is even more slack sia! How many breaks for me already?! I also feel paiseh wor!
Team rebuilding the world's first website: Twenty years ago, a team of researchers shared the Web with the wor... twitterurl
War News Updates > Japanese Politician: Sex Slaves Were Necessary To Reward "Brave" Japanese Troops During Wor... twitterurl
Telegraph Travel app: The Telegraph has launched its first travel app, featuring free expert guides to the wor... twitterurl
People so pretty wor.. How to compare sia.. Don't even say be on par la.. Sigh man
Sebastian Vettel wins Formula One Japanese Grand Prix with strong strategy: Driver inches closer to fourth Wor... twitterurl
Some 3,000 jobs available under WorkPro scheme: Older Singaporeans and those who are seeking to rejoin the wor... twitterurl
[Y!FB] The world's first museum on the Tiananmen Square crackdown opened in Hong Kong o...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
"twitterusername from tonsilitis to runny nose,to flu" take care wor.. drink more water so take it will not develop fever next
Idk wor, I tot you know? HAHAH ??twitterusername HEHE! Why arh? RT twitterusername Why ah why people like to flirt lei????
Wahh...gonna work on Fri! So fast start wor. Pre event. Am allowed to wear singlet and slippers to work. Machiam local bangala!!
Um, A Vial of a Deadly Virus Went Missing from a Lab:      This is completely reassuring, we don't have to wor... twitterurl
I scheduled a blog write-up to be posted tmr night at 8.30pm on my live performance of ???? at twitterusername Got recording wor~ ;)
did u know going vegetarian can actually save the wor... ??? I'm sure it can. I had a really bad run in with a gro... twitterurl
[News] Factory worker???s arm amputated after it was trapped in meat grinder: A 28-year-old fishball factory wor... twitterurl
Buffalo Bulletin: Motorola???s iPhone transfers, Zelda for the Wii U, Android KitKat and More: Another week draws to a close in the wor...
Me? Not stalker. Dun worry =x Chat here 28 days ago wor ??? Yea you always call me boi LOL are you wanying?? twitterurl
"twitterusername #itecc, why u so new yet the toilets all cannot make it? #ITECW can make it wor. #iteconfessions" coz CW is still da best!
??twitterusername 5 things 'Ang Mo' people hate about doing business in Singapore twitterurl This Ang Mo buay song Singapore wor.??? #fb
How can we save the World from global warming?  ??? Less talking. More of doing it. So if you want to save the wor... twitterurl
So cool! Hope I get into your company haha(: ??? But it's my friends that I got to know there that made it all wor... twitterurl
Learn how to inspire, manage young people: March 10, 2014 12:07 AMAS A charity that trains young people in wor... twitterurl
Why do people not like One Direction I think their song What Makes You Beautiful good wor. Ok la one song la hor hahaha
Omg that will be great! It's a onitsuka tiger colarad... ??? I'll check for you alright! Anyth I'll update. No wor... twitterurl
Gotta get used to calling the new name of F1 Sg. It's Singapore Airlines Singapore Grand Prix. Wa.. its a new high wor. Literally. #F1Sg
Hello twitterusername ??. Allthbest for ur studies okay! Get de gpa u wan n then go poly! Lastlong wor! Happy to noe u my dear! ?? Cya soonnnn!
[TheVerge] 'Face to gif' is the simplest way to create personal reaction GIFs: A new webapp called "Face to gif" could change the wor...
AISEHHHH HAOLIAN WORX "twitterusername twitterusername twitterusername NO SIA LOL. I went so many different then all have .. I how to count wor :/ LOLOL"
[Y!FB] The world mourns the passing of one of the most revered statesman of the 20th ce...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
[TheVerge] Nokia schedules February press event as Android rumors persist: Nokia is planning to hold a press conference at Mobile Wor...
what is your opinion on friends with benefit? do you ... ??? of course its less exhausting but some people are wor... twitterurl
??twitterusername I don't think anything is forever, but when you tell me that you love me, that's forever.??? So cheesy wor.
Our Cond?? Nast Colleagues??? Kids Judged Our Muffins Today???and They???re Tough Cookies: It's Bring Your Kid to Wor... twitterurl
Anyway boi that address seems real wor could be someone you know trying to be funny ._. ??? Tell me the address twitterurl
RT twitterusername You think you're having a bad day? Remember this: In 1976 Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stock in Apple for $800! Now its wor ...
Yahoo???s new CEO, ex-Googler Marissa Mayer, wants to give every employee an iPhone: Despite the fact that she wor... twitterurl
#Malaysia #Book World War Z An Oral History of the Zombie War (Three Rivers Press) By (author) Max Brooks: Wor... twitterurl
Plus the mid year bonus. Maybe I can afford to go to Genting. #ApaLagiCinaMahu, Cina mau pigi Genting main judi wor.
Sorry boss :( RT twitterusername Very funny meh? RT twitterusername HAHAHAHAHA RT twitterusername twitterusername don use WOR! So msian TA ME DE!
HappyBdaeeeee twitterusername :) Finally ur bdae le wor! C so fast jiu dao ur bdae le, still so so long tat time! Have a blast!!
Like me wor, my best orgasms are from older guy okay, HWAH! Can fuck and cum without touching myself okay, young guys can do that anot?! Pui
Level-5???s Weapon Shop de Omasse Out Today on Nintendo 3DS, Here???s the Launch Trailer:  For every NPC and would-be hero in the RPG wor...
Don't shy away from sending workers for training: February 22, 2014 12:18 AMIT IS a cause for concern that wor... twitterurl
So I was trying to imitate how Ben actually irritate me & fatty yesterday by adding a " wor " at the end of every sentences .. ??
woohoo! paris baguette having event wor... bought a bun and i only needed to top up 1000 krw for my americano ^^ #fb
Air traffic management research centre to open by the start of 2014: A file photo of Air traffic controllers wor... twitterurl
[YH!SG] Straight to work for new MP Lee Li Lian: It was straight from her swearing-in ceremony to wor... twitterurl #singapore
Waahhhhh idk wor...anyone knows? RT twitterusername twitterusername :-) i just found out about a fandom called I Am. Fandom sapa tu?
Upcoming Jem mall holds job fair: SINGAPORE : A new mall slated to open in May has pledged to hire back-to-wor... twitterurl
[Y!FB] The word "Kangkung", or "Spinach" in Malay, has been thrown around a lot by onli...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
Australia, S. Korea within sight of World Cup berth: Australia moved within one win of a place at the 2014 Wor... twitterurl
yaaaa:') "twitterusername : #EAK :') RT twitterusername If I should die before i wake, its cause you took my breath. Losing you is like livin in a wor
Describe everyone in your class. 2 words each ??? there are 38 other people in my class and that would mean 76 wor... twitterurl
[Y!FB] The word OK -- or okay -- celebrates 175 years. How often do you use it? Is it a...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
[Y!FB] The world is still in love with "Let It Go", the popular soundtrack from Disney'...: The wor... twitterurl #singapore
